the book. Mine."

Liam blew out a breathe and laid his head on Zayn's shoulder, where he belonged.

***

Their first year of high school was a miracle that none of them got split up and their parents all allowed them to go to the same school. Again.

"Another year together, eh, boys?" Louis sighed, throwing his arms over Liam and Harry. Having Liam move away instantly, he pouted. "Leeyum, baybe, I'm not gonna hurt ya."

"I know that." Liam rolled his eyes.

"Then why do you run away from me? Love me, Li, love me!" Louis teased, running after Liam as the younger of the two started running around the front of the school.

Zayn had just arrived, a little late like always, to witness the scene.

"Get away from me! Louis!" Liam squealed.

"Love me, Liam!" Louis shouted, making kissy noises as he chased after him.

"Zayn!" Liam yelled of joy as soon as he saw the raven haired boy and ran over to him, hiding behind him. "Help me!"

Zayn put his hand out as soon as possible, his palm clashing against Louis's chest. "Stop it." He growled.

Louis threw his hands up in defeat. "Alright, alright. I was just joking. Geez." Louis huffed.

"You ok, babe?" Zayn asked, turning to face Liam and instantly grabbing his waist, Liam reacted by leaning against him.

"I am now, thank you." Liam smiled, his eyes beaming.

Zayn grinned back, "Anytime, babe."

*

"Got a pen?" Zayn asked the girl behind him, anxiously.

The girl stared at him and blushed red, "U-Umm, Y-yes." She stuttered, quickly searching for a pen in her back and taking out a blue pen, handing it over to him. "Here y-you go."

"Thanks." Zayn winked, turning around.

"You know you could've just asked me for one, right?." Liam whispered, staring straight ahead at the board.

Zayn laughed, "I wouldn't take your pen, Li." He said and watched as Liam frowned and bit his lip. "S'someone jealous?" He teased.

"Of course not." Liam laughed, forced and short.

Zayn nodded, hummed, "Mhm, ok."

"I'm not." Liam whined.

*

"Come on, we're gonna be late for lunch." Liam pressed on, packed neatly and waiting for Zayn to clean up his mess.

"Woah, woah, woah. Hold up, Li. I have to put my homework away, damn." Zayn stopped, folding up his work and sticking it in his book bag.

"U-Uh, excuse m-me." A small, soft voice said.

It reminded Zayn of Liam when they were little. Cute, adorable Liam. He smiled at the thought and turned to the girl who sat behind him, the pen-lender Zayn will call her. "Hey, what'z up?"

"I-I kind of.. Need my pen back for m-my next class." She whispered, sheepishly blushing.

"No can do sweetheart, this pen is mine now." He mischievously smiled.

Liam gasped, "Zayn."

"What? She gave it to me." Zayn protested.

"I'm s-sorry, but I need it bback." She said quietly, grabbing onto the pen.

"Ou, I've been in this position far too many time, sweetpea." Zayn grinned, "I can stand here all day."

"Zayn," Liam snaped, "Give it back and let's go."

"Shh, Liam." Zayn shushed, not breaking eye contact with her.

She started to sweat nervously. "Please, I just-" She tried pulling the pen with all her might and it started slipping from Zayn's hand.

His eyes widened in horror and he did the one thing he knew how to. He leaned in close and swiped his took across it.

"Ew!" She yelled, "Oh my god, just k-keep the pen." She quickly collected her things and left.

Zayn smiled in victory, pocketing the pen and looked to Liam. "Ok, I'm ready, let's go.

"You're unbelieveable. It was a pen, Zayn, her pen and-"

"Ah, ah, ah, I got the pen, though, and that's all that matters. It's my pen now. Mine." He stuck out his tongue.

"Put that thing away." Liam ordered.

***

Junior year was a cool year. Everyone was still here, together, and feeling wonderfully excellent.

That year was when everyone started talking about dating. Zayn's heard Louis and Niall throw it around words casually. "She's hot.", "I would bag that.", "I wish I could ask her out.", "She's way too out of