bites back. “And for your information, I never fucked Raphaela in our bed, she only gave me h—”

“Oh, shut the fuck up! You fucked her plenty of times when I wasn’t around, so what difference does it make!” Niall shouts, pounding a fist onto the table.

Liam tries to calm Niall down, but he holds a finger to Liam’s face, firmly telling him, “My husband has been talking the entire time and it’s my turn now, Mr. Payne. I’ve gone too long without saying a single word and I will not leave until he hears everything. Do you understand?”

Liam nods his head in compliance, exchanging a nervous glance with Harry. “Let him do this,” Harry whispers under his breath.

“I never meant to for it to be this way, Niall,” Zayn says quietly. “You have to understand that I didn’t know what I was doing until it was too late.”

“And it took you all of two fucking years to figure that out! Nice timing there, Zayn, you always were the most punctual,” Niall sarcastically notes. “Tell me, has Raphaela won any of her dance competitions? As far as I’m concerned, she’s always at the bottom of the barrel, barely scraping by like the hack that she is!”

“She is an amazing dancer, how dare you! And don’t talk about her like she’s a has-been!”

“She’s not a has-been ‘cause she’s never accomplished anything!”

“You fucking—” Zayn clenches his fists, grumbling under his breath. “I hate when you’re like this!”

“Oh, really? Maybe if you hadn’t been fucking her behind my back for two years I wouldn’t be this petty!”

“Stop! That’s enough!” Liam holds his hands out, pleading with the warring couple to keep their cool. “If you gentlemen can’t control your tempers, then I’m sorry to inform you that the longer this goes on, it’s more money out of your pockets,” he sternly tells them. “And most of all, you’ll be wasting everyone’s time. So unless you intend to drag this out for another day, month, or even into the next year – I'm gonna need both of you to put your guns down and let Harry and I finish this session.”

“I’d rather this asshole had taken his gun and shot me the first chance he got,” Niall huffs angrily to Zayn’s shock. “Maybe you should’ve been the actor of this marriage, because you did one hell of a job pretending you loved me!”

“That’s a lie! You’re just putting words into everybody’s heads! I never faked a single thing with you!”

"Because you're as fake as Raphaela's tits, you sack of—"

“Mr. Horan! Mr. Malik!" Harry shouts, suddenly towering over the entire conference table. "Calm. down. You’re both at an eleven right now and I need you to take it down eight notches if you intend to finish this on time."

The argument triggers Niall's asthma, alerting Zayn of his condition. He tries to reach for Niall, but he smacks Zayn’s hand away and reaches into his jacket pocket, pulling out an inhaler to relieve his chest. After a minute, Niall places the device into his mouth again, pumping out more medication than the recommended dosage. Liam, Harry, and Niall’s lawyer attempt to pry the inhaler away from Niall, causing him to shout in frustration when the medical device is flung across the room.

“Niall, stop! Stop it, you’re going to kill yourself!” Zayn shouts.

“What do you care!? You stopped giving a shit about me two years ago, why start now!”

“Because it matters to me if you die!”

Niall stares his husband down, screaming out, “I died the day you left me!”

The room goes into a standstill, every person too shocked to speak up against an emotionally volatile Niall. Tears suddenly stream down Niall’s cheeks, and in all of Liam’s years in the business, he’s never seen anyone as truly heartbroken as Niall Horan. He’s seen every type of couple: vindictive, resentful, and some downright despicable. But never has someone stripped to their very core, revealing to everyone only but a fraction of who Niall used to be.

“Do you know what it’s like to be called weak? To be called less than a man by your own family members?” Niall asks a tearful Zayn. “I could have drank myself into a coma hearing people tell me, ‘It’s all your fault, you didn’t love your husband enough, that’s why he left you.' And you know what? I almost believed them. I heard it so fucking much that I really did start to