that would fit Steve (‘The guy has massive thighs..’).

Steve is quiet for a long minute, and Rory's sure he isn’t going to get an answer, before the rugged man speaks up. “The Cold War is the first that comes to mind.”

Having found a pair of black sweatpants that would fit his guest, Rory turns around. Laughter bubbles out of his throat, but it dies down when he sees Steve’s face.

“You’re dead fucking serious?” Rory hands the pants over.

“As serious as a body in a morgue.” The tic of Steve’s head betrays the immensely creepy look on his face, but a smile spreads his chapped lips. “Everything is a flurry of red and white, and I can’t remember much else.”

He grows quiet once more, and Rory sees a glimpse of sadness in the man’s eyes before he ducks to change his pants. Steve is surprisingly talented at untying and re-doing his laces one-handed. Rory wonders how long he's had the metal prosthetic. Rory gingerly grabs the soiled clothes and opens the tent’s entrance. He announces that he’d be back, and was satisfied to see Steve settle back down on the makeshift bed. Rory tosses the garments in the barrel-fire, no use in trying to clean them. They looked as if they had been dragged through the street for a month.

When Rory returns, he finds Steve fast asleep on the stack of blankets. He scoops up the scraps of paper he had gathered and begins sketching the slumbering form in front of him. While the guy creeps him out with his strange mannerisms, erratic behavior, and morbid sense of humor, Rory does hold a deep respect for him. He’s been through hell, that much is evident, and deserves a goddamn break.

*

He’s unsure whether it’s a memory or a dream, but the warmth he feels makes him never want it to end. Sunspots dance over his vision, so all he sees are fragments, pieces of the whole picture. There’s a bright and skinny boy smiling at him, reaching his hand out, before suddenly, the scene changes to something dark and horrifying.

He sees that bright smile marred with blood, he can hear the choked breaths of a man dying. He sees the arm made of metal wrapped around his throat, right where the pulse point radiates warmth. It’s pounding harder and harsher with each click of increasing tension in the fingers. The Soldier hears capillaries pop and sees the blood blooming under the pale flesh across that perfect throat.

The skies clear and the man’s striking blue eyes are staring at him with intensity, with… trust?

In one swift movement, the hand is removed and the Soldier’s teeth latch onto the man’s pulse, where the blood is thrumming with life and warmth and the Soldier has to taint, destroy, kill.

He hears a scream, “Bucky,” distant and distorted, as if someone is falling. The Soldier’s teeth rip the man’s jugular from his throat and he bathes in the man’s blood, in the dying warmth of his sunshine. The Soldier cries; for the loss, for the victory.

The Soldier gasps quietly as he is thrust from the dream-memory-nightmare and into reality. The shaking has returned, and he looks around for his newfound companion. Rory is sleeping, with his chin on his chest, and papers strewn across his lap. Steve winces, wonders if he should wake him, before he glances at the papers. He reaches for the closest one, shivering.

It’s him, asleep, long and dirty hair strewn across his face, and Steve recoils. He crawls closer to Rory and looks at each one. They’re all images of himself, frozen in various stages of sleep, and he drops them with a gasp. The sharp sound rouses Rory, and the man groggily lifts his head as Steve brings his flesh hand to his own face.

“Is that what I look like?” Tears wet his eyes, and he stares Rory down, expecting an answer.

A nod is enough for him, and Steve steels his features.

The Soldier’s suddenly in Rory’s face, seriousness and determination emanating from his very core. “I need help to locate a man. Blonde, blue eyes, strong, possibly named Bucky.” He nods, or at least Rory thinks it’s a nod. It’s probably a tic.

Rory stammers out his affirmation, and releases a breath he didn’t know he was holding when Steve backs away. He watches as the man struggles to pull his jacket back on. Steve growls when Rory reaches out to help, so instead, Rory begins gathering the necessary supplies. He can trust his neighbor, a sweet old lady named Martha, to watch over his tent in his absence. When Rory turns around, he jumps with a choked-off shriek. Steve moves so quietly that Rory hadn’t noticed him.

“Please put