mind to him. They never cared from the start.

Alois unlocked the house door, slamming it behind him, and running upstairs. Once he got into his bedroom, he broke. He threw himself on his bed and began to cry. "What the hell is wrong with me?" Alois asked, wanting an answer. "And Ciel will never love me...He doesn't know I exist." he said, sadly. "No friends..." he said, crying harder. He pulled out a razor from under his pillow, and started to run it over his wrist. A flood of crimson began pouring out of his arm. "I guess..agh! You were really the only one who was here for me." Alois stated (He's talking about the razor blade.)

"I-I'm just worthless..." he cried. His arms and wrists were covered in cuts as he cried himself to sleep, and his bed was soaked in blood as he slept, and the crimson kept pouring from his skin.

Enjoy the 2nd Chapter! Please take a look again at the warnings on the first chapter if you have not seen them.

(Chapter 2 is here! I've had it done but never typed it out. Enjoy and please R & R! Remember Italics are thoughts unless it is a phone, computer, or something is being emphasized! OOC Ciel...still though. These are Ciel's thoughts, these are Alois'.)

Alois walked casually in the hall to his Chemistry class. He had bruises all over his body from the previous day, and cuts on his wrists and arms, and he was incredibly achy.

Alois sighed as he sat down, looking at the board doing his warm up. "Class, we have our lab today. Remember we are dealing with bunsen burners, so no long sleeves, and girls, tie your hair back." Shit! I have to roll up my sleeves?! "Now, you'll be assigned to groups of 2, and I will choose your partner." his teacher said.

"Alois Trancy, you will be partners with..." Please not Ciel, please! Please! "Ciel Phantomhive." she said, calling everyone else off. REALLY?! Of course this always has to happen to me. Ciel is popular. Everyone loves him. He wouldn't love me or like me, he'd be like everyone else. 

Alois walked over to the lab, and waited for Ciel to arrive. "Hello!" Ciel said, smiling brightly. "H-Hey." Alois said, his heart starting to race. Now I have to...roll up my sleeves...and Ciel will know how messed up I am...so much for becoming friends. Not like he would want to be my friend anyway. Alois slowly started to roll his sleeves up, wincing quietly at the pain, hoping they wouldn't begin to bleed again. Ciel looked over at him. "So, this what we-" he stopped, right when he saw Alois' damaged skin covered with cuts. "Alois? Are you okay?!" he asked, staring at his cuts and bruises. "Yeah, I'm fine...just a little accident is all." Alois lied. There's no way that isn't self-inflicted... They just continued on with the lab until it was time to go back to their seats. Alois felt uncomfortable the whole time. The teacher talked a few minutes more, then the bell rang.

Alois walked out the door, until he was stopped by someone grabbing his arm. "Alois?" Ciel asked. "Are you really okay?" he asked again. "Ciel, I told you. It was just a small accident. I'm fine." he said, smiling slightly. "So, before you go, um..." Ciel started, and handed Alois a paper. Alois unfolded it and looked at it in shock. "So, that's my phone number." Ciel said. "Do you maybe want to hang out after school today?" Ciel asked, giving a small smile. A small blush started to rise on Alois' cheeks and smiled back. "Sure, thanks, Ciel." "I'll meet up with you after 6th hour okay?" Ciel asked. Alois nodded and quickly ran to his last class of the day, missing Claude and Sebastian.

When Alois got to history, the last class of the day, he pulled out the paper and looked at it again. It said: Alois, here's my number: 678-230-1895. Call me sometime, okay? -Ciel. (A/N: Random phone number! XD) Alois had so many thoughts racing through his head all at once. Ciel wants to be friends with me?! Or he's worried about me! No, he must be faking...is he? Too bad he doesn't know the truth... Alois thought, not really paying attention. Before he knew it, the bell finally rang, and he ran to his locker grabbing his textbooks and notebooks, then ran to Ciel'