'oh, stop it!" Jaune responds.

"Seriously, please stop it. This kind of behavior should not be encouraged.

"Sounds like Pyrrha's on board for Team Jaune, spots are filling up quick. Now, I'm not supposed to do this, but… maybe I could pull some strings; find a place for you. What do you say?" Jaune once again shows off his over-confidence in himself.

"Alright, that's a bit too close," Weiss tells Jaune, clearly unamused by his acting. "Pyrrha, a little help, please." To this call for help, Pyrrha responds by quickly nailing Jaune to a wall with her javelin.

"Sorry!" She calls to him afterwards.

"Would all first-year students please report to Beacon Cliff for initiation. Again, all first-year students report to Beacon Cliff immediately," Professor Goodwitch informs us over the intercom.

"It was nice meeting you," Pyrrha tells Jaune as she removes her javelin from the wall… and his hood.

"*Sigh* Likewise," Jaune replies as he falls to the floor.

"Having some trouble there, 'Lady Killer'?" Yang asks as she and Ruby approach him. Ruby outstretches her hand.

"I don't understand, my dad said 'all women look for is confidence'. Where did I go wrong?" Jaune asks to no one in particular as Ruby helps him up.

"'Snow Angel' probably wasn't the best start," Yang advises.

"Come on, Jaune, let's go," Ruby tells him as she helps him to the door as if he were injured. Which, technically is true… emotionally.

I simply stand there, watching as they leave. What a strange bunch of characters I have met. To think, I will have to cooperate with these teenagers if I want to successfully defeat this creature. It occurs to me, that the Rift never told me exactly how it intended for me to defeat it. Nevertheless, I retrieve the NISA from my locker and follow them out.

"Sir, if this initiation has anything to do with combat, I'm not sure if the NS will be available. You may need to fight without it," NinjOS informs me.

If that is the case, then what can I do, I don't have the fighting capabilities that these students do, not without the NS.

"I understand that, Sir, but unless we find a way to charge it soon, we won't have enough energy to use it for an extended duration."

Quite the dilemma. Tell me, if we used the NS how large would the solar panel need to be to counteract its power usage.

"Based on how much sunlight is available… 46.5 square meters. That is even with the increased efficiency of our solar panels and the increased amount of sunlight we'll receive on a cliff with no shade. The amount of wattage produced from this should power the NS' energy cell in… 20 hours. This is without it being used to its full capacity. If we didn't need to use the suit, we could make the panel larger, but seeing as we may need the suit, that's not possible."

46.5 square meters? That's ridiculous, but necessary. Alright, let's do it… once I activate the NS.

"Yes, Sir. Also, I believe you may want to stop walking," NinjOS informs me as I nearly walk into a wall.

Thank you. I resume following Ruby, Yang, and Jaune who seem to know where they're going.

"So, what do you think initiation is going to be like?" Yang asks me. I am slightly startled by her sudden appearance beside me.

"Combat," is my reply.

"Yeah, that makes sense. I guess they want to start it off with a… Yang," she agrees. I chuckle at her pun, it was fitting.

"Really Yang, you've already said that one before," Ruby calls back.

"I know, but Nin hasn't heard it, so I thought I'd make his life a bit more… pun." I chuckle at this one as well as both Jaune and Ruby groan.

"Well at least Nin finds them… punny." Again, I chuckle as Ruby and Jaune show their distaste for such a great use of the English language.

"Yang, please stop!" Ruby exclaims.

"Arrival," I inform the others.

"Alright, I guess I've got to stop now," Yang concedes.

The cliff is overlooking a large forest far below us. Near the edge of the cliff stands Professor Ozpin and Goodwitch. In front of them, there are the first-years that arrived before us, all standing on pads bearing what I believe is Beacon's insignia. My companions find their places nearest the professors, where I find myself much further down the line on one of the few remaining pads.

"For years you have trained to become warriors and today your abilities will be evaluated in the