with torii gate in front.

His left hand also automatically moved to open the door, and his feet also moved towards the living room.

There was no one inside, and he was surprised to himself he expected someone. His feet brought him to the opened veranda, and there he saw the same blue haired boy.

He heard the familiar noise of a basketball being dribbled, though it sounded softer, being bounced in a garden land, and not on a court.

"Hey, I'm here again…" he called out, and the dribbling stopped. Kuroko held the ball in his hand and put it at rest beside him.

"That means you have not yet received the full product yet." The bluehead said, looking at the red eyes. "Or you are probably –"

"You- you know, I'm really confused in all of this! I went here unconsciously, have my right hand broken, and you're always saying buying here and there and compensation! If you really needed money from me, don't go around in circles! Shit! Fuck!" Kagami said in one go, and breathed hard afterwards.

An awkward silence passed by, and the redhead decided to look at the blue boy.

Still expressionless, and then, he resumed dribbling the ball while sitting.

"If you're talking about your right arm, it was the compensation of what you bought to me the other day." Kuroko said.

"Huh? How the hell?! How! And wait, all that fucking time you were just talking to yourself! Is it the food?! I'll pay for all the food I've eaten, just heal my arm!" He was starting to scream, not caring if someone would hear him.

"Hush. This place is sacred."

Kagami felt a snap in his short temper. More of this and…

"I'll not go into details of how I do it, I can just do it." Kuroko continued. He stood up, stopped dribbling, and walked right in front of the basketball player. "Soon, you will know. How I made you like this and now that the expiration date is over, your memories should awaken."

"Expiration date? Memories? Huh, what the heck—"

"And you are brought here, by your instincts, and I could read your inner mind, your true being." He paused, and looked at the very confused boy. "I'd rather not tell it you, for you would probably not believe in me. In the next days, you will dream of your locked memories, as it was stated in the contract."

"Mou owari desu, Kagami Taiga, anata no ningen jinsei." *

Kagami knew he should be able to understand the last two sentences, but he could only make out of syllables and his name, but not the meaning.

He did not sleep. He did not want to sleep. He hated that blue-haired boy, for not telling him anything. He did not want to see whatever those memories were.

He knew there were clues to what was happening to him from the last words of the mysterious boy in yukata, but he could not recall what it was. He was not able to comprehend it at the time either. Shit.

"…-gami! Kagami!" called out Riko. He forgot they were eating yakiniku. He could smell the meat laid in his table untouched. "For now, forget about your arm. We will have opinions from other doctors after this. Right now, eat!"

"O-oh, yes."

Not thinking what he was doing, he started to pick up the raw meat and eat it. Not cooking it.

He did it for all the meat in his table, and all his teammates could only look in both disgust and awe.

"…Kagami, you do realize it's a raw meat right…?"

"How did he… "

"Shit…?"

The freshman trio, Fukuda, Kawahara and Furihata both said, their faces contorted like they wanted to puke.

Kagami just only realized it as well. Really, he did that?!

Recently, he also realized that when he got home late and got hungry he would just grab the frozen meat in his freezer and eat it straight like that.

"…I'm outta here…" he excused himself, and went to the bathroom.

"Sou dane, he was probably so hungry, and now he just wanted to throw up, right, coach?" Furihata said and looked at Riko.

"I…I hoped so…" the girl coach softly told herself.

He walked out of the store, and choked at the amount he ate. He did not feel anything bad in his taste buds after eating raw meat – in fact it was still delicious. The blood, the juices that were extracted, and the tenderness of the meat … he was drooling, and he in fact wanted to eat more.

He smelled meat. The smelled something nice. Meat. Meat. Meat. He was hungry. He was very hungry. The smell. The smell.

His feet were brought to a