Erwin. These shits haven't got a clue. You're much safer with me."

"I know. Thank you, Levi."

"Just doing my job, you big bastard." Exiting the building, silver eyes sparkled with superiority, strut commanding and he nodded. He had the upper hand, gave those who were supposed to be experts a problem they couldn't solve, one which he could easily.

And Levi liked it this way.

~~~~~~

He'd been feeling neglected of late and allowed a respite, lover returned to a form of physical ability as they were joined together on the sheets usually reserved for the ill man. Kisses were shared, long and caring, wet smacks filling the room that had been cleared of all equipment, drips stored away and bags of fluid shelved. It looked like a space to enjoy one another in, not a sterile medical environment and the lights were dim as two naked bodies moved in unison, passion awoken as a small palm ran down gently, tender touches offered as Levi lay on top, hard member thrusting in and out with gentle power.

Erwin gazed up into the deep orbs above, own blue flashes looking so alive as his husband pumped into him for the first time in months, bodies connected in pure lust. He hadn't been able to make love with his partner since his latest relapse and the sensation was unreal, a lost feeling grabbed hold of yet again.

"Erwin...mmm I've fucking missed you." Staring down in adoration, dark hair swung in time with the motions, large legs wrapped around his in delicious curls.

"Ahhh...Levi...do you still love me?"

"Of course I fucking do, idiot...ah yes...want me to go faster?"

"Please...please...yes..." The blonde gave permission to raise the stakes and moaned, enjoying the attention in the steamy yet soft moment. Speeding up, Levi pushed further inside with precision and let out a groan of animal desire, sticky tip of his man's shaft rubbing against his toned stomach. It wouldn't be long, there was only so much gratification to be gained from one's own hand and it had been too long since he'd experienced this. Azure hazes along with sighs and whispers told him the man he penetrated was close too, tight walls clenching and cock in spasms on his flesh.

"God Erwin...I want to make you come...make you feel good..."

"Ngha yea...fill me Levi...fill me up..."

"Oh fuck...yes...shit yes..." Hands searched and lips snatched out in pecks, bodies trembling with the last threads of sanity. Guttural sounds announced their messy release, free erection exploding in strings of white ecstasy, fluid spreading over sweaty figures as Erwin called out loudly. The man in control snarled and pounded quickly, own orgasm fierce and satisfying as final jerks of the hips punctuated his pleasure. Panting and fulfilled, the couple kissed sweetly before Levi withdrew slowly, allowing his seed to drip from the blonde's violated hole.

"Thank you...thank you..."

"Shh Erwin. Just rest. I'll clean you up later. Get some sleep."

"I...I'm so lucky...to have you Levi..."

"Don't be so fucking soft." Steel eyes watched the temporarily able man drift off. Erwin needed him, was reliant, grateful.

And Levi liked it this way.

~~~~~~

There was an uncharacteristic spring to his step, grocery bag swinging as a short, raven haired man walked home, happy in the pleasant atmosphere. On his return there would be a welcome sight, prone figure waiting to be cared for and fussed over. Levi didn't need to work anymore, allowed to concentrate his other half - all of the charity drives organised by the local community to help find a cure for Erwin kept them afloat and able to live comfortably. Stupid fuckers. Turning to pace up the drive of their idyllic house, he smirked and opened the door, fury suddenly entering his mind with blinding waves.

The large patient was upright somehow, sitting at the table in front of their laptop. Levi could see the window on the screen, a chat room conversation on the go, smiley faces and that annoying emoji with lips shining out. He was fucking cheating, the prick. How dare he? After all I've done for him? Throwing the shopping to the floor, he sprung forward and snatched the computer up, rage pouring from his narrow eyes as a faint realisation picked at his brain; he'd made an error this morning. Rookie mistake.

"What the fuck are you doing? Why aren't you in bed? Talking to your fucking boyfriend?"

"Levi, no! It's not like that! It's a forum to discuss illnesses, see if anyone can help me figure..."

"That's my fucking job. That's down to me. No one else." Spitting his words, the incensed male brought the laptop down over his raised knee, snapping it in two and severing the connection with the outside world