night before had unknowingly taken it's toll and as he slipped out from beneath a thin bedsheet, Levi relived their kiss for the thousandth time, could still feel hot lips on his and hands touching him everywhere. The tempest outside had allowed a break, cut through the muggy heat and he woke up dry for once, not covered in sweat.

Shuffling naked to the compact bathroom, he switched on the light to examine his forehead, yesterday's collision with a tree having gone unchecked until now. Once he'd gotten into bed last night all Levi could do was think about Erwin, how he tasted, how he smelt, how soft his mouth was. After that and some vivid use of the imagination, he'd ended up with a more pressing matter to attend to and was incapable of anything but slumber after relieving himself.

Levi peered closely in the dim yellow-lit room, pressed around the offended area with a hiss and he reached into the cabinet, antiseptic liquid sourced and he soaked a pad of cotton wool, steeling himself for the inevitable sting of pain. Each wipe was met by snapped words, any dirt removed and shallow graze cleaned swiftly.

"Fucking shit motherfucker damn fucking hell…"

One final sweep concluded Levi's agonising disinfection and he took a good look, angry red lines puffing out like a terrible attempt at a Harry Potter costume and he barked a single laughing tone, head shaken at his reflection.

"At least it got me on Erwin's lap."

Slapping the sink edge with both hands in a kind of resolution, Levi turned to switch on the shower, cramped cubicle springing to life as he decided what to do with his day. A quick mental top-up occured and he nodded under the soothing jets of water. No point wasting time fawning - a spare few hours always came in handy and he made his mind up to purchase more supplies, use yesterday as inspiration and produce some hopefully well-crafted statues.

Erwin had a similar start to the morning but his cuts were to his back, only making themselves known after rising and he struggled to view any scrapes, twisting and turning in front of his mirror to assess the damage. Not much could be seen, each position revealing little in the way of major trauma so he left it alone, took the faint throbbing as a memento of an amazing night and he smiled, making his way to the kitchen.


I wonder what Levi's doing? I can't believe I kissed him. Why didn't I give him my number? Actually no, waiting until Monday is better. I'd probably end up sending some ridiculous emoji or…oh crap.


He'd opened his phone, eighteen messages all from his father asking for immediate attention, all missing vowels or spelt badly as the older man tried to get into 'text speak.'

'Hw dd it go? Gr8?'

'Cm ovr. I cuk'

Erwin grinned down as he scrolled through the mess of words and he was able to discern that a casserole had been started, safely interred in the slow cooker and his day was planned already. Quickly messaging back, he confirmed their lunch date at 11 and glanced at the time - quarter to ten.

"That was a good sleep."

The shower was switched on, pyjama shorts thrown into the laundry basket and Erwin stepped in, let warm streams prickle at the raw spots on his back which further reminded him of Levi. He hadn't put them there with nails unfortunately, however the sensation remained the same. Working up a lather of gel, Erwin rubbed the scented liquid across his chest, getting under his arms with languid motions and he moved south, daydream about sharp digging fingers having hardened him slightly and the blonde flinched as he soaped himself slowly, eyes closed and mouth open.

Coherent visions escaped Erwin's brain and he sighed loudly, playing out a scene made from snatches of information as he gave up on washing and concentrated on the now fully aroused shaft in his hand. Flashes of skin circled in his mind's eye, slick flesh and toned legs, a creamy white body beneath him in beautiful contrast to his own tanned form.

"Levi…"

He could see it clearly now, could hear strained moans in his ear, panted breath and cries for more as Erwin immersed himself in the fantasy, and not for the first time. He'd never been one for dirty talk or the likes so his practised scenario always consisted of just Levi speaking, whispers and pleading groans, all begging…harder, faster, don't stop…

"Shit."

Erwin leant his free hand against the tiles, lids still shut tight and eyes moving as the moment of orgasm caused calls of Levi's ecstacy to manifest soundlessly and the tall man shuddered, felt non-existent thighs clamping tightly to his waist.

"Oh god…"

It never failed to finish him off, the desire to sense those legs in reality and Erwin gasped, coming strongly with a shiver and twitching hips. He allowed a few last small strokes, cracked voice wavering as a low moan signalled the final burst of his climax and