only ever texted Makoto once this early on weekends. So when she gets the text from Haru at 11:58am on a Saturday Makoto’s first reaction is to panic.

Thankfully Ran and Ren are out for a school excursion (why they schedule school excursions on weekends still stays a mystery to Makoto) so that’s her babysitting duties out of the way.

 

To: Haru:*・°☆.。♥


Do you need me to bring anything?


 

Makoto changes quickly, checks her phone and sees no new message from Haru, panics even more, and finally runs out of the house with her phone in hand.

She sprints up the stairs in record time, rings the doorbell once and waits for exactly two seconds before she’s running to the back of Haru’s home and bursting open the door.

“Haru?” Makoto calls for her as she runs straight to the living room.

She almost screams.

Haru is lying on the floor, curled into foetal position, unmoving.

“Haru! Haru are you alright?!”

Makoto is almost in tears as she gently lifts Haru into her arms, cradling the side of her face tenderly.

It takes Haru a few moments to blink her eyes open and stare at Makoto’s face.

“Oh thank God you’re okay!”

Haru grunts and buries her face in Makoto’s chest.

Makoto blushes.

“Are you in pain?”

Haru’s voice is totally muffled when she replies.

“I’m so hungry, I can’t get up.”

Makoto laughs light-heartedly, lifting Haru up in her arms and carrying her to the couch.

“I’ll make you something, okay?”

Haru stares blankly at her.

 

 

 

Haru watches as Makoto walks to the stove, humming softly to herself, and thinks oh no.

She has absolutely no energy to get up and stop Makoto from burning down her kitchen. So that thought lies at the back of her brain, useless because there’s nothing she can do about it.

It’s not until the smell of something burning wafts through the living room that Haru realises she had dozed off.

Makoto is panicking in the kitchen, Haru can tell from the increased shuffling of feet and loud pang of pots on pans and the sound of water sizzling on a hot surface.

Haru rolls her eyes.

“Makoto.”

There’s a soft yelp from Makoto’s direction, followed by a string of “I’m sorry Haru-chan!” as she tries to take care of all the damage by herself.

“Just come back here.”

It’s another five minutes before Makoto finally finishes cleaning up the mess she’s made.

“I’m sorry Haru” is the first thing she says when she walks forlornly back to Haru’s side.

 Haru sighs and makes space on the couch for Makoto.

“Let’s just order pizza.”

 

 

 

Makoto manages to order pizza (“remember the mackerel and pineapple, mackerel and pineapple, Makoto”) with a very cuddly Haru latched onto her, demanding attention while nuzzling into her neck.

It’s cute.

An affectionate Haru is adorable.

“Do you want to play a video game, Haru?”

 “Too tired.” Haru shakes her head and mumbles.

“Then let’s watch TV?”

Makoto receives the nod of affirmation and gets up to switch the television on, gently shrugging off a koala Haru on her way there.

Haru latches right back on when she returns.

When the pizza arrives Makoto goes through the same process, but the moment she hands a plate of mackerel and pineapple pizza slices to over, Haru doesn’t seem quite as lethargic or clingy as she had been moments ago.

 

 

 

Haru’s half of the pizza is left unfinished, leaving Makoto to bring it back to the kitchen to wrap and put in the fridge later.

Makoto stands up to clear the dirty plates, and Haru immediately pouts and wraps her long thin arms around Makoto’s waist.

“H-Haru?”

“Mpf.”

Haru presses her face into Makoto’s back. It’s warm, and Makoto may be buff but she’s still soft and cuddly. Like a big warm teddy bear.

Makoto gets the hint.

She sits back down and lets Haru wriggle her way into a loose embrace around her once more.

They stay like that, pressed together, the heat from two bodies enough to emulate a blanket.

Haru’s feeling sleepy again, faintly registering Makoto’s long fingers combing through her hair, the calm steady heartbeat against her ear, the white noise from the television, before she closes her eyes.

 

When Haru does wake up again, she’s sprawled across the entire couch. Without Makoto.

Looking around, she does notice that her leftovers and the dishes are gone, and the sound of running water she’s hearing is coming from the kitchen.

At least Makoto can wash the dishes safely.

“Makoto.” Haru calls softly, mind fuzzy and body aching.

“Oh Haru, you’re awake? I’ll be over soon.”

Haru nods to no one in particular and curls up on herself. She’s cold again,