Week after week you come out here to me for your precious boys in blue, it makes the heart grow warm. Come, give daddy Koslov a kiss.”

Smiling, partly for appearances and partly at the ease of it, Nick strutted his way over to the crime don, being sure to brush that throbbing, pre-dribbling shaft (heavens, the beast was nearly as big as Judy!) with his tail as he clambered up into the polar bear’s lap. From there he dragged himself up, moaning softly at the feel of his own shaft, extended from its sheath but trapped tight in his panties, rubbing through the fabric against Koslov. “Mmm, Koslov, you always know just how to start the night off right.”

Once Nick reached high enough up Koslov’s chest the polar bear gently took his head between his paws and pulled him in, mashing his lips on and around Nick’s muzzle with lustful abandon, tracing up and down his neck and nibbling his bare bits of shoulder. Nick shuddered as his face and head were thoroughly smooched, a little whine leaving him at the feel of teeth the size of his fingers grazing across his neck. His panties grew wet from the precum oozing liberally from his shaft.

By the time Koslov pulled away, Nick was a huffing, quivering mess, sopping with saliva. The polar bear smirked and traced a paw down his foxy partner’s side. Nick eeped, face growing hot with a blush as that paw ventured under his dress, groping his ass possessively. “N-now Koslov, d-dearest, you kn-know I can’t possibly f-fit you… r-right?”

Koslov grinned wider, stopping the groping to slide a finger under the panties to prod and tease at Nick’s tight asshole. “One wonders, sweet little Nicole. After all, one hears such dirty stories about foxes and your… elasticity. With my three Arctics over there I would not dare, but you are rather more… expendable, I would say. Hmm… take your seat, Nicky.”

Nick hurriedly nodded and moved to climb off. Koslov’s paw holding his rear stopped him, the polar bear shaking his head and gesturing with his free paw to the free-standing cock. “Take your seat, Nicky. It will suit you.”

Nick looked between Koslov and the cock, too thick at its largest point for him to even wrap his paws around, and felt the urge to call the polar bear a maniac. The comment died in his throat though at the look in Koslov’s eyes, and with a nervous swallow Nick turned around in his lap to face… the Cock.

“The things I do for this job…”

The blessedly tapered cock head in front of him was tapered, its red skin glistening with the copious pre worked out of it by the make-out session earlier, for which Nick was eternally grateful. Feeling the amused and aroused eyes of Koslov and his wolf and fox entourage on him, Nick stood up on Koslov’s lap and edged forward, straddling the polar bear’s legs and pulling his dress up and out of the way, the panties getting pulled to the side a moment later to expose his asshole. With a deep breath to steel himself and an encouraging pat on the rear from Koslov, Nick began to lower himself down.

The first touch of that tip against his puckered lower lips made Nick gasp, a shudder running through him at the warm, slick sensation. He breathed and pushed down, gritting his teeth as the tip pushed easily enough into him. Another push down and a strangled gasp left Nick as the cock kept coming, spreading his inner walls wide… wider… wider than he’d ever been spread…

Halfway down the shaft Nick had to stop, the indulgent burn of wrapping his insides around Koslov’s dick starting to turn into plain ol’ pain. Legs wobbling, breath coming in quick, shallow gasps, Nick felt on the verge of being split in half. A glance down and his eyes widened at the sight of his dress visibly bulging out from the size of the polar bear dick crammed inside him, his own shaft aching from the nearness of release. “Oh… oh… oh s-sweet merciful Karma…”

“Is that all, my sweet Nicky? Here, let daddy Koslov help you.”

Nick had a moment of dread, before Koslov’s paws closed over his hips and with a grunt of effort on the bear’s part pushed him down.

“NNNNNNNGGGGHHHHH!”

Nick shook, arms limp at his sides and mouth slack in a wordless groan as he was forced further down that Judy-sized shaft. He felt his hips widening from the girth spreading his legs apart, an aching tightness coming over him as he watched in morbid wonder that bulge travel up his dress until it reached nearly to his chest. One thought ran through his head, tumbling and battered from the waves of pain and pleasure slamming through him: “What the fuck are foxes made of!?”

Then Nick felt Koslov’s pendulous balls press against his thighs and he realized that somehow