strings of colorful LED lights.  To their left was a long bar; the server was an older gentleman with a fantastic moustache.  As Keith turned to the right to see the rest of the open room, a woman strutted up to them in what looked like 

6 inch heels

 and stated,



“IDs, please.”



The three boys just blinked at her in confusion.



She rubbed her temple and stated again, “IDs, please.  You can’t come in without proof of age.”



The woman had a staggering presence; her beauty was definitely something Keith had never encountered before.  Her dark skin contrasted beautifully with her white hair, and she had two small pink tattoos under her eyes.  Keith instantly pulled out his wallet and ID.  He had no doubt this woman could and would kick his ass.



He handed her his ID and Hunk and Lance soon followed suit.  She looked at each one carefully before handing them back to their proper owner.



“You two”--she pointed to Lance and Keith--”can come in.  You, however, cannot.”  She turned around, clearly with the intention of striding away.



Hunk frowned and scrunched his eyebrows.  “Why not?  What kind of place is this?”



Her hair billowed around her as she whipped around.  “You came in here without knowing what ‘here’ is?”  They nodded, still very, very confused.



Lance cleared his throat and admitted, “We’re actually just looking for someone.  He came in here a little bit ago.  His name is Shiro.”



“Shiro?”  She questioned.  “Oh!  You must be friends of--”



Her sentence was cut off buy a voice coming from a loudspeaker.  “Next up on stage, dancing to 

S & M

, our very own Champion!”



“Speaking of, there he is now.”  Completely dismissing her earlier statement, she led all three boys into the club.  The room was even bigger than it had looked before, now that there wasn’t a wall blocking the rest of the view from the door.



The first bars of music started just before they turned the corner.  No amount of mental preparation could have prepared them for what the saw once they actually rounded the corner.



There, centerstage with knee-high black stilettos and a pair of black briefs that made his ass look fucking

 fantastic

, was none other than their teacher, Shiro.  His hips swiveled and his body turned with the beat of the music.  His arms ran up his legs, sides, and chest, and he placed his hands on his head.  All his muscles were on display.  

All of them.




Keith, Lance, and Hunk were completely red.  There was no denying it.  It was hot, even if it was their astronomy teacher, dancing, mostly naked.  There was very little to leave to their gay imaginations.


 



'Cause I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it



 


Shiro’s hips gyrated, and he ran his right hand down his chest as his body rotated with the rhythm.


 



Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it



 


He glided to the end of the stage, still moving with the music.  His chest was glittering with sweat, his eyes were closed, and he had small smile on his face.  Lance swallowed.



“He’s even hotter with nothing on,” he sighed dreamily.  Hunk smacked him on the arm.  “Ow!  You were thinking it, too.”



“Still, that’s our teacher.”


 



Sticks and stones may break my bones,



 


Shiro’s knees began to bend, and his body swayed on the way down.  His left hand, still on his head, pulled on his hair while his left inched his briefs down his hip.  He opened his eyes.


 



But chains and whips excite me



 


He made eye contact with all three of his students.  All at once, he jumped, the color drained from his face, and he tripped.  And fell off the stage.



The mysterious woman gasped and rushed to his side.  “Champion!  Are you alright?”



Shiro staggered to his feet.  “I’m fine, Allura.  Just a little startled.”  His own cheeks got darker.  “Those are three of my students.  I really wasn’t expecting… I was hoping none of my students would ever know about this.”



“C’mon, let’s get you sitting down.  You’re done for now.”  Allura led him to a booth on the far wall.  Lance, Hunk, and Keith followed, stunned, without a word.



The five of them slid into the booth
, Hunk, Lance, and Keith fidgeting nervously while Shiro’s face regained color. Silence remained over the group until Allura cleared her throat. 



“Well, students, why were you looking for Shiro?” she asked. 



Hunk was the first to answer. “Well… we were curious as to where Shiro was rushing off to after class. Guess we found out…”



Shiro chuckled. “Yeah… you did. Though you shouldn’t have followed me.”



Hunk looked down, ashamed. Lance, on the