Harry’s involved.

“Ok, here we go.” He says with the biggest Styles smile he can offer, full dimples and all. He plays a minute long of something and I know we are in trouble.

“Oh Jesus Harry.” Zayn says after it’s done.

We take a deep breath together and go in for the count.

“Is that the Sesame Street song, Harry? Did you really use the Sesame Street song?” I ask.

“Don’t question that if you aren’t going to question the fact that you recognized it.” He smirks.

“I’m still going to judge you.”

After at least an hour we finally figure out the list, complete with an Eagles song, a Drake song and of course some of Harry’s favorite off the wall songs.

“Congratulations boys, here’s your puzzle piece.” And Harry hands us the ‘E’ for safe keeping.

“Thanks mate” Zayn says on his way out.

“Anything in the name of love.” Harry calls behind us.

“Such a weirdo.” I say on our way out the door.

 “That was actually really fun babe” I say as Zayn wraps his arms around my waist from behind once we are out in the night air again. I take out the envelope with the puzzle pieces and put the ‘E’ in for safe keeping. I then take out the list and move to number 4 Make you moan. “Thank God.” I say out loud and Zayn laughs as he pulls me in tighter. I put everything back away in my pocket and turn around in his arms. “Right here? Can I just take your pants off? I’ve been wanting to take these off since I saw you,” I say, getting ahead of myself and reaching for his button in the middle of the sidewalk not caring who sees.

He laughs as he knocks my hands away. “Not quite babe. We actually have somewhere to be.” He takes my hand and we start walking in a new direction. After a few blocks he brings us to a stop at a new building.

We walk in to what looks like a cooking class with a lot of cheery couples and I feel bad because it looks like we may be late because they’ve already started. Zayn squeezes my hand and smiles at me, “We aren’t taking this class. We are doing something a bit different," he whispers in my ear.

A small, seemingly innocent girl meets us at the front desk “Mr. Malik, Mr. Horan right on time, we just finished getting your reserved room ready. Follow me.” We follow her past the already-in-session class to a door that she walks us through. Behind this door is what appear to be another private kitchen. This kitchen is a bit more dimly lit and feels a bit more personal. “Welcome to your sensual dessert making class,” she says, and I may have squeaked with surprise as I look at Zayn. Fortunately for me his eyes have already darkened and he licks his lips with a smile at me already bring my cock to attention. “Today you will be making a dessert that uses only the most decadent, seductive, palette-pleasing ingredients. What you choose to do with those ingredients outside of making the dessert is completely up to you.”

Without even looking at him, I simply breath out in reply to what we will be doing here, “Jesus, Zayn.” I hear him breathlessly laugh next to me.

“You may not want to cook in your nice sweater Niall. They have aprons,” Zayn says as he starts unbuttoning his button down. He has a vest on underneath but as he removes the shirt I get to see his tattooed arms and the nicely developed muscles; and it takes all I have to show any restraint and not pin him to the counter right now. Judging by the smirk on his face he certainly knows this.

As I stir the chocolate Zayn comes up behind me hooking his thumbs in the front waistband of my jeans. I feel his breath and lips ghost over my neck and I lean into it and him.

“Now that the cake is made, the only things left to do are to spread the ganache on top and use the other sauces and fruits to decorate how you’d like. The ganache should be cool enough to taste. Go ahead, you’ll find that its texture is smooth and velvety and its taste is rich, bold and can be eaten completely on its own.” The instructor says, but my mind is already so clouded from Zayn’s hands running up and down my torso that I can barely register her voice.

Just because I can, or at least I think I can, I dip my finger in the warm chocolate and bring my finger up to my mouth to taste, watching Zayn watch my movements. I lick my index finger and then bring it further inside as I being to suck on it. Zayn’s lips part slightly as I change my idea. I dip my finger in the chocolate again and bring it up