like the blood in our veins—"

"Don't. It's bad enough coach lets you give the pre-performance speech but I don't need all that right now." Kenma was still on the ground, but held his dominance over my head. 

"You're still mad that Lev dropped you."

"No, I'm not."

"Are too."

Kenma got off the ground, glaring at me. Just in time for coach to walk in, "are you both ready?" I shook my head in his direction. 

Clearly speaking only to me, "am not."

I couldn't help the laugh that escaped my being. "Are too."

Coach reals us back in, "so from what your submission states, Kuroo, you want to do a modern cross ballet duet."

"Yeah, my bro has been helping me with the modern dance elements and I believe Kenma contrasts my tall ass enough that him just dancing will mask my ridiculousness." Kenma smirks, obviously amused. 

"Well, show me what you got." 

After we finish our performance, Kenma, looks beautiful in my arms, practically glistening from the mutual sweat, hands still on fire from that last lift holding his thighs against me. 

I should've saw this coming in retrospect but I couldn't stop my lips from moving on their own when they were brought against Kenma's. It was warm and everything I hoped for. But the moment I felt Kenma gasp against me I panicked and dropped him and ran. 

I shouldn't have done that in further retrospect, either.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

"Well, he didn't show up to practice twice and is pointedly ignoring me. I don't think couch is going to let us do the duet if he keeps this up."

"Oh! Your coach picked Kuroo?" Shouyou munched away at the pork buns Kageyama bought in apology for not being able to make their date tonight.

"We both did."

I could only hear the munching and buttons tapping away before Shouyou spoke again. "Wait... were you fine with it?"

I only half shrugged. "If it's going to make him freak out like this, it can be nothing, whatever. It's not like he was my first kiss or anything. I know he's all weird about preserving my virtue but I blame all those castle princess games I make him play with me."

"Mario?" Then Shouyou's eyes widened, "who was your first kiss?"

"Keiji." I avoid the obvious bubbling, sure Shouyou will blind me with his radiance.

Practically jumping out of his chair in curiosity, "A-Akaashi? Isn't he with Bokuto-san?"

"Mm, yeah, they're together now. But Keiji wanted to ask Koutarou out with a grand gesture but wanted to practice with someone that wouldn't let it slip to him on accident."

"Grand gestures, huh?" looked to his bag of steaming pork buns and pulled out his phone, probably texting something nice to Kageyama. "So, how are you going to get Kuroo to talk to you?"

"I'm gonna have to corner him or ask Koutarou to help me wrangle him; that seems troublesome though."

Pocketing his phone, "then what?"

"Well it's based on how he reacts, really. If he pretends it never happened, okay. If he freaks out, I gotta assure him everything is okay. If he wants to do it again, well, that's okay."

"Why don't you just tell him that?" Shouyou says with his mouth full.

"Because Kuroo is a lot like Koutarou in some ways and I don't want him to quit or anything equally drastic because he thinks I hate him. I need to give him an in, but he has to pick his out."

Shouyou pauses for a moment, "what if it's not the out you want?"

"I'll live with any decision that doesn't mean I have to lose him, but if it comes to that, too, that's okay."

"Kenma..."

I shook my head, "it's fine, Shouyou. Thanks for hanging out with me but I have to go make a few phone calls."

Shouyou nods before he offers me one of his Kageyama-bought meat bun and hugs me extra tight.

 

                         ~~~

 

"So all I have to do is get him to invite me to your dance studio to dance together but you're gonna dance together?"

"Yes."

"And I'm not dancing with Kuroo?"

"Maybe after, Ken. But I need to know if you'll be able to do this for me."

"Yes, of course Kenma, of course. I'll text him right now."

"Okay, thank you. Tell Akaashi hello for me, I'll see you soon."

"Bye bye!"

 



A Few Days Later


 

"Bro..."

"I. Know. Bro. I just, it slipped!"

"Your