him. It's cute whenever he starts to concentrate. His eyebrows get all scrunched up and he bites his bottom lip whenever he gets confused. Truthfully though, it's just nice to be able to spend more time with him. His warmth wraps up around me in this cold library. 

After he's done with all of the problems, I check them over to make sure he fully understands them. Then we just sit in silence for a few minutes, taking in the endless rows of bookshelves. 

"So, you excited for Christmas?" Eren finally asks. I stare up into his emerald eyes, which have a blueish tint to them in the lighting right now. 

"Uh, yeah I guess. I don't know, I've never really had a Christmas where I've been able to hang out with friends before so, it'll be different." I replied quietly. 

I could feel Eren's eyes staring at me, so I looked back at him. "Are you okay, Eren?" I asked the boy. He stayed silent for a few more seconds until he said, "I wish I could have been there for you. You were all alone, and I couldn't protect you. I'm so sorry." Eren put his face on the mahogany table. 

I leaned down to look at him in the eyes. "Eren, hey, none of that's your fault. You couldn't have done anything to stop all of the horrible things that happened in high school. Yeah sure, I was alone in school, and yes, I was depressed, but you're here now. That's all that matters, you are here now. We're together, we're here for each other. Listen, you're the best friend that I wished for every night in high school. I couldn't ask for anything more than for you just to be here with me. I learned from all of those horrible experiences in school, and now I'm a better person. Just listen to me Eren." I looked directly into his shimmering eyes. "I'm not alone anymore, and it's thanks to you." I said. Eren's eyes grew larger, and his cheeks flushed pink. 

"You really mean that?" Eren asked. 

I chuckled at his comment. "Yes Eren, I really do mean it."

Eren pulled me into a tight embrace. I hugged the boy back with all my might. Once we pulled away Eren said "Well then blondie, I'm going to make this the best Christmas ever." I giggled at his new formed confidence. 

"Alright Mr. Emerald Eyes, it better be." I winked at him. 

The walk back home was a peaceful one. Snowflakes were falling steadily, and Eren was going to spend the night in my dorm tonight, since we didn't have class until noon. I started to walk a little faster than Eren, and when I looked back to check to see if he was okay, I was met with cold snow in my face. 

I could hear Eren double over in laughter. "Oh my god Armin, y-you should have seen your face." He laughed. 

I wiped the snow off of my face, and sneakily started to grab a handful of snow in my hand, while Eren was still laughing his head off. I bunched the snow up into a perfect snowball, and then took aim for Eren. I launched the snow right at him, but unfortunately, the snowball landed right at Eren's feet. It quickly caught his attention. 

"Oh, is that how you want to play Arlert?" Eren said threateningly. 

"Shit, run."  My mind was telling my body. The second that Eren came at me with a new snowball, I bolted for my life. I ran for the nearest tree to hide behind, since there was nowhere else I could hide. I tried to control my breathing. If Eren caught me behind this tree, I was going to get a face full of snow. 

I took a chance, and peeked around one side of the tree. There was no sight of Eren in the distance. Then I decided to look on the other side of the tree, but I was greeted with a fist full of snow. I fell, and I felt myself get pinned onto the ground. 

"Eren...urg, ge-get off of mee. I struggled to say with a mouthful of snow. I felt Eren's hand start to put more snow all over my face. 

"Looks like I win this battle, Armin." Eren said with a smirk on his face. I struggled to get out of his tight grasp. 

"Oh come on Eren, I'm gonna get frostbite on my lips if you keep dumping snow all over me." I said. Eren's cheeks flushed even more red than they already were due to the coldness of the air. 

He mischievously raised his eyebrows, and started to lean in closer to me, and whispered in my