’d had a psychotic break and made up Voltron? Giant space cats- that sounded delusional, didn’t it? What if-

“Lance!” He came back to himself with a start. Pidge was standing above him- when did he sink down to the floor? what the hell was wrong with him?- and cupping his face in her hands with a worried frown. He blinked rapidly as his vision blurred and his throat tightened. “Just breathe.” Pidge’s voice was soft, and she didn’t pull her hands away from his face. She took a deep, exaggerated breath and then expelled it slowly. “Like this? See? Just breathe. I’m here. I’ve got you.” The words didn’t matter; they were just repeats of things they’d said to each other over and over again during the war when their panic attacks and anxiety reached epic proportions. The familiarity kept his attention focused on Pidge, on her soft voice and the solid feeling of her hands on his face. It was all a reminder that this was real. He was here. Everything else would work itself out. Eventually. Probably.

His breathing finely evened out, and he let his eyes slide shut with exhaustion. “Better?” He nodded at Pidge’s question, moving his arms around her as she sank down to the floor and leaned against him. “Bad week, huh?”

“The worst.” And wow, his voice sounded wrecked, and not in a good way. His headache was starting to rise again on top of everything else. He opened his eyes into slits and raised a hand to rub at his temple, only slightly surprised when his movement was mirrored by Pidge. “Do you feel that?”

“I-“ Her answer, whatever it would have been, was cut short by a pop that was similar to air pressure equalizing, draining away the tension and pain in a rush. He let out a relieved sigh and sank back against the sink cabinet, taking an unprotesting Pidge with him.

Matt suddenly appeared over them, beer sloshing slightly over the rim of his still mostly full bottle with his agitation. “Guys? Are you okay? What can I do?”

Lance was considering how to answer when Pidge beat him to it. “We’re fine now. Shiro’s here.” Her voice had an odd dream-like quality to it, and her eyes were still closed. He wondered for a second how she knew before realizing he’d known the second the tension left them. 

The door opened as if summoned by Pidge’s words, letting a renewed burst of snow eddy across the tiles. Matt released a whoop of excitement and dove into the crowd. Shiro shut the door firmly behind him and turned toward the room. His face cracked into a smile as Matt tackled him, earning a startled laugh. He drew Lance’s attention like a magnet, much like Pidge had, but then Shiro had always had that effect on him. He pulled Matt into a hug, but his eyes locked with Lance’s with no outward need to survey the people between them. His gaze was intense, even at this distance, like he was gauging his teammates’ mental states and whether they were in any danger, even after all this time. Lance felt a flush of heat that had nothing to do with the temperature and desperately wanted to move. More than anything he wanted to launch himself across the floor into Shiro’s arms, but his limbs felt like they were made of concrete. He just needed a minute to regain his energy and then he’d move. And if he had anything to say about it he’d never let go of Shiro- or any of them- again.



___________________________________


Shiro


To make matters worse, he was afraid that his memory problem was returning. He’d eventually recovered all of his memories of his lost year, or at least enough of them to know that if there were more than he was happy that they were gone. He understood the psychological impacts of trauma. He’d taken the courses at the Garrison and done his reading, even if he’d never expected it to happen to him. He’d talked to countless shrinks in the years since, or at least he thought he had. He had memories of sitting in offices decorated in an array of bright primary colors or soothing neutral tones as a parade of people attempted to fit the broken pieces of his mind back together again, but the memories seemed hazy and unreal, like something he thought he should have experienced rather than something that had actually happened. He couldn’t even clearly remember what he’d been doing tonight before he’d heard Lance’s voice over the phone. He could remember snippets, like lost fragments of an almost-forgotten dream, but none of it seemed real. The thought was terrifying and was only adding to the feeling of unreality of everything around him except for his two (former) teammates at his side.

He was pulled from his thoughts as Lance took a deep breath and shifted against him