edge of the bed to hold himself up, proving to be a difficult task as he lacked the energy to do so. 

The door creaked open again and this time was a tall man at the door. He looked surprised at the sight of Mika trying to stand, his body and legs shaking at trying to keep up his own body weight. Mika gave a weak smile as the man walked over and picked him up easily. He was put down on the same bed he was on before. 

“How are you feeling?” the man asked. Mika opened his mouth to say something but no sound came out because of how dry his throat was. Mika ended up just nodding. 

“You must be thirsty, and most likely hungry too,” the man said and turned to the boy was trying to peer into the room. “Yuu, could you get some soup from the kitchen?” 

“Should I get some bread too?” Yuu asked, poking his head into the room, his hands clutching the edge of the door. 

“Sure, but make sure to get some fresh bread we bought this morning. I don’t think he’ll be able to have any hard foods right now,” the man said and Yuu nodded before scurrying off. 

Mika sat quietly during the whole conversation, wondering why the man was being so kind to him. He also wondered what their relationship was. The man had soft silver hair and soft blue eyes while the boy, Yuu, had midnight dark hair and bright green eyes. 

He snapped back to reality when he felt something touch his forehead. 

“Good, your fever has gone down,” the man said with a kind smile. It had been a long time since any adult aside from the director looked at him that way. The adults around him always looked at him in disdain, disgusted that an orphan like him existed in their village. 

“I have soup!” Yuu exclaimed, holding a tray. “And there’s someone looking for you, Shinya-san.” 

“Now of all times?” the man, Shinya, asked and Yuu nodded. He let out a sigh before turning back to Mika. “I’ll come back after. Try to eat as much as you can.” 

Yuu stepped to the side as Shinya left the room and walked over to put down the tray on the side table next to the bed. He sat on the edge of the bed and looked at Mika with a big smile. 

“Shinya-san always gives me soup when I’m sick,” Yuu said as he reached over and took the bowl off the tray. He handed it to Mika who cradled the item that emitted warmth. “I would give you a spoon for it, but I think you’re hungry enough to not need it.” 

Mika nodded before holding up the bowl to drink the warm liquid. Yuu was right, even if he was given a spoon, he would just drink from the bowl. 

The taste was gentle but flavourful. Ignoring the fact that he hadn’t had a proper meal in a while, it was the most delicious thing he had in a long time. He drank everything in one long drink, the warmth draining down into his body, filling his empty stomach. 

Mika caught the surprised look on Yuu’s face that appeared for a second before he smiled. 

“Thank you,” Mika said, his voice sounding a bit croaky. He cleared his throat before speaking again, “That was delicious.” 

“I know! Shinya-san is amazing at cooking! Let me get you another bowl,” Yuu said and took the bowl from Mika’s hands before he can protest. “You must be hungry after sleeping for three days! I thought you died when you didn’t wake up again after, but Shinya-san said you had a really bad fever. Here, eat the bread while I go get more soup. I didn’t know what you like so I put some butter on it! “ 

Yuu left the room in a rush and Mika was left with his bread with butter and the fact that he slept for three days. He slowly chewed the bread as he thought about how to repay the two people who gave him shelter and now food. 

Mika was half-way done eating the bread when the door creaked open again. He looked up with the bread hanging from his mouth when he saw Shinya tried to hide his smile behind his hand. Mika would be lying if he said that he wasn’t having issues eating the slice of bread. It was much softer than what he had been eating before, but his lacked the energy to chew through it. 

“Thank you,” Mika said after taking the bread out of his mouth, “for everything. I will try to repay you for your kindness. I have a few coins but…” 

“Don’t worry about it,” Shinya said before walking over to the bed and sat on the edge of the bed. “But I should ask about your family. Yuu told me that you were standing out in the cold late at night. If he hadn’t