no hope of spring. As much as he loved the snow, HIS forest was such a pleasant sight in the spring. No, he swore to himself, that place is not MY forest, that place is no longer home.  It was all left when I was bound to the earth.  He pulled his cloak close; he did not feel cold in the sense that it could cause him to shiver, yet a chill ran down his spine. I should not be here.  I am selfish for being here.  

I am here for a reason, he told himself, marching ever forward.

I miss the moon, he thought as his eyes drifted upwards, melancholy seeping in like his SOUL was rusting, his chest aching with loss.  I miss the wind, and the salty taste it brought from the sea, and the gulls sounding as they swooped over the masts of the tradeships, and the colors of the fabrics the traders bartered for. I miss the pine forests, and it's birds singing, and the rocky outcrops where the goats would fight.  That place is not home, not anymore.  You wouldn't have had to remember if you didn't let your curiosity get the better of you, he scolded, fingers reaching into his robes not for his worry beads, but another, more precious, more damning peculiarity. If you had just turned away and let that sleeping dragon lie, you could have left it all for a second chance.  He could tell himself that over and over, but at his most honest he'd always admit that he'd choose the same path again.  If anything, he was obligated to remember. Good, it's still there, he thought as he traced it's cool, stony texture.  I hate the wicked thing, but I'd rather dust myself a thousand times over than misplace it.  He mulled whether it really was a good idea to keep it on him instead of his lockbox in the depths of the CORE, but the memories were always more vivid when it was close.

A streak of white lunging forward from the dark caused Gaster to yelp, stumbling backwards to land in the snow.  Laughter, languid and baritone, greeted the doctor as he smiled bittersweetly back up at the impish entity.  "Good evening to you too, Sans."

"Heheheh, spooking you never gets old. It's been a while, geezer. What's kept you away so long?" Ghosts, the remnants of a human's SOUL after a violent death.  Sans hovered effortlessly above the snow, his form a vague, smoky silhouette devoid of features except his cheeky smile.  Well, that and his short, stout figure that even now was eternally nonchalant.

"Ah, life is busy as ever.  I've finally found a reprieve from my work, so here I am."  The untrained individual would never be able to tell the difference between a ghost and a monster, but Gaster, as a Judge, was not so blind.  Sans's essence, the carapace of the SOUL, the interface to the physical world, coalesced it's splintered pieces together like a smashed vase, the telltale vitalic energy that marked humans out like a beacon in the night having long since bled away.  Such a loss wold of course change a person, Gaster thought, heart sinking. He still is my brother though, isn't he? He must be, mustn't he?

Sans drew close to Gaster's face, smile turning sanguine. "Judging by your expression, that's not the whole truth, is it now?  You've always dragged your feet coming here, so why show up now? Or, more interestingly, what was the event that forced you away from your work? Don't tell me you got fired?"

"Ever the insightful one, aren't you," Gaster rubbed his eyes. "Yes there was an incident and no, I'd rather not recount it.  I yet remain the Royal Scientist, don't trouble yourself over it."

Sans shrugged, drifting away, "Knew it. Thought maybe you were gonna move in with us.  Unless you managed to become corporeal, then if you'd lost your job you might have tried to dust yourself.  This forest is practically covered more in dust than snow nowadays, you'd have fit right in."

"So I've heard..." Such an empty existance, to be a ghost, Gaster knew firsthand.  Cut off from one's senses, everything was left not quite real, not quite there, left in the haze that separated the living from the dead.  Gaster had soght a proper body as soon as he could, with less than satisfactory results at first, but Sans seemed resigned to wallow without purpose.  A glint in the trees caught his eye.  "Guardsman, step forward and join your brothers!"

Chestplate, gauntlets, helm, sword, Papyrus's piecemeal body marched forward out of the thicket.  It was an eerie sight, seeing a disembodied armor set, the tall, limber outline of where a body should