"I want a refund on you."

Misha slapped the offending hand away, stood and said, "That's absurd, I'm the best out of us, without me you two would be lost and miserable. You'll never be rid of me."

"Whatever helps you sleep at night Princess." Jimmy stood as well and the two shoved at each other until they'd left the dining room and tumbled into the living room. Thumps and shouts floated into the dining room where Cas and Dean were still seated. Dean grinned over at Cas who was staring up at the ceiling as if asking for the patience to continue living with his brothers.

The front door banged open then and a voice yelled, "Honey! I'm home!"

Cas' head fell forward and thumped onto the table. Dean watched, amused, as Cas sighed and his head rolled back and forth on the table. There was a happy shout from one of the other triplets, more thuds and Cas muttered, "Oh no."

"What?"

Cas' head rolled on the table until he was staring up at Dean, brow furrowed as he mumbled miserably, "Gabriel."

Dean was staring at his Math homework like it was the bane of his existence. His contemplation of setting the whole damn book on fire was interrupted when Cas, Jimmy and Misha joined him around the table, interrupting the quiet in the library.

He hadn't seen the three as often as he liked since he'd learned that with Gabriel around the Collins' household was not a safe place to be. Gabriel liked to prank, so did Misha. When the two were together…Hell was putting it lightly.

"It should be about the Kama Sutra, I'd ace that in a heartbeat," Misha said as he settled down in the chair across from Dean. Jimmy rolled his eyes, sat beside Dean and Cas sat next to Misha, shooting Dean a small smile as he pulled out his own homework.

"You've been hanging out around Gabriel too much Mish."

Misha carried on, ignoring Jimmy, "Especially if there were a practical part. Hell I'd volunteer, Ms. Woods is hot."

Cas diligently kept his attention on his physics homework while Jimmy snorted, "You wouldn't know what to do with a pair of boobs if they smacked you in the face Misha."

"If that's what's been happening to you Jimmy you've been going about it all wrong. They're supposed to-"

"Oh God…please shut up." Cas mumbled, Dean snickered at the look Misha shot Cas.

"Don't worry Cassie…if you need any tips on how to drive the stick, I have lots of experience." Cas' face flamed red, Misha smirked and Dean had a moment to wonder how he never knew Cas was gay.

Cas glared at Misha and said flatly, "Because you're a whore."

"I just believe in living life to the fullest…literally. Dig deep and you shall reap the nectar of the Gods!"

"You've really been spending too much time with Gabriel."

Misha carried on anyway, a big grin on his face, "Or at least a lot of really good orgasms."

Jimmy tossed a pencil at Misha, "Stop corrupting Cas."

"Not my fault he's such a…virgin." Misha shuddered and eyed Cas like it was some great disappointment. Cas' face turned even redder and Dean tried to ignore the way his own face was heating up.

"If it were up to me, he'd stay that way too." Jimmy grumbled, reaching across the table to pat Cas' hand.

Misha eyed Jimmy, turned his gaze to Dean and stared at him for a moment before a large grin broke out on his face. Dean had a very bad feeling about this.

"If it were up to Dean he won't."

Both Dean and Cas turned to look at Misha and asked, "What?"

Misha grinned at Cas, "Seriously? Dean's totally been eye-fucking you since our first day here." Dean either wanted to strangle Misha or just leap out of the window to his death.

Cas frowned; his head did that adorable head-tilt, "Eye-fucking?"

Misha thumped his head onto the table, "Where did I go wrong?"

Jimmy reached over and patted Cas' arm again, "Don't even think about it Cas, this is not something you ever, ever need to think about."

Misha's head thunked down onto the table again, he moaned something about being born into the wrong family, Jimmy rolled his eyes and returned to his homework. Dean resisted the urge to pack up his shit and leave in his embarrassment, but Cas shot him a look that clearly said if you leave me here with them alone I will murder you. Slowly.

"Misha! Stop your moaning! Not everyone is whore like you!" Misha's head popped up and he glared at Jimmy, "Oh c'mon! We're going to be eighteen