it's so funny?"

"He doesn't have the gene," John said helpfully. "There could be something else Ancient in there that'll have to be activated." Truth was he absolutely refused to do this on his own (and John knew he was going to end up having to do it, he always did.) So if John was going to have to go go through with this, then so was Rodney, end of story.

"Lee has the gene."

"Lee was strictly forbidden to be part of ceremonies of any kind after M23-765, remember? When he got that... thing stuck up his..."

Rodney shuddered at the memory and tried, "Well, Garcia has..."

"Garcia is also not male, Rodney. Did you forget that little detail? If you want the ZPM, you're gonna have to get cleansed and get in there."

Rodney sighed deeply. "What do you think it's going to be this time?" he asked. "It can't be worse than that time with the foul-smelling gunk and the goat? Or when they doused us in honey and tied us to a tree and left us there over night? Because I'm not doing that again, no way, I still have nightmares about ants."

"Let's find out," John said and turned to Teyla. "Tell him we're doing it."

There was a bark of laughter from Ronon and John cursed the juvenile humour of his teammates. "Not doing it doing it. Tell him we're doing the ceremony."

Teyla had another long conversation with Gbran, who seemed elated at the prospect of the ceremony. John wondered if he should be worried. After a while, Gbran clapped his hands and bellowed something to the rest of the village. He was met by cheer and loud hoots. A group of men came up to John and Rodney, bowed deeply and then disappeared into the hut where the ZPM was supposed to be.

"You must each chose an observer for the cleansing ceremony," Teyla explained to them. "It should be a person whom you trust."

"Ronon," John said quickly. He was not going to embarrass himself in front of the marines.

Rodney gave Teyla a pleading look, but she shook her head. "It cannot be me," she said. "Women are not allowed near the artefact."

Rodney muttered something about misogynistic natives and bellowed, "Hosseini!" At John's curious look, he shrugged and said, "Whatever it is, it's bound to be something deeply embarrassing and at least I can order him to shut up about it."

Dr Fouad Hosseini, the tall Lebanese mechanical engineer, came sauntering over. "You're going to be an observer for a ceremony," Rodney told him. "That means you're just going to observe and not say a word, not now and not later, understood?"

"Can I write about it?" Hosseini asked.

"No! You cannot talk about it, write about it, photograph it, draw pictures of it or perform it as it a musical. All things I wouldn't put past you by the way. You just come with us, watch and then forget about it!"

Hosseini shrugged. "It was worth a shot," he said philosophically. "But I take whatever entertainment I can get."

* * *

John, Rodney, Ronon and Hosseini were led into a smaller hut adjoining the large hut where the holy artefact was kept. Two tribesmen were already there. They motioned Ronon and Hosseini to a couple of seats on the side, where a plate of fruit and several filled bowls were waiting. The snack buffet was apparently not meant for John and Rodney. They were told to stand on the floor in the middle of the hut and then instructed to undress.

"Here we go," Rodney sighed. "I hope there won't be body painting this time. I think I was allergic to that stuff they smeared on us before the goat-thing."

They undressed and John made sure their vests and weapons were passed out to Teyla so she could keep an eye on them. Ronon and Hosseini sat stretched out in their seats, carefully sampling the food. They seemed to be quite comfortable.

John didn't feel comfortable at all, standing naked on the earth floor. His only comfort was that Rodney looked even more awkward with his broad shoulders hunched in on himself and his hands in front of his groin. John wondered what would come next and immediately got the answer to his question when one of the native men poured a bucket of very cold water over him.

The floor was quickly becoming a puddle of mud. John wriggled his toes. This was not turning out to be one of his better days. Beside him, Rodney looked like a drenched pink rat. "Wonderful," he muttered. "Now I'm liable to get pneumonia on top of everything. If this isn't a fully loaded Zed-PM..."

"At least there's no goat," John said. In situations like this, you