and boring.

“Yes, sure, wait a minute, I’ll fetch my jacket, outside the room is gonna be colder, I warn you” —he said with a smile, putting his denim jacket over his green sweater.

He’s so cute, how can I like him so much? And how I never talked to him before? He’s so nice, like how??? – Jaebum was staring at him almost with heart eyes.

“Okay, I’m done, shall we go?”

They exited the library as Youngjae waved to some of their classmates who were in another table.

“So…how is it that I never talked to you before? I mean, I have seen you in a couple of classes this year but before that I don’t recall having seen you before that” —Jaebum curiously asked, trying to sound calm and collected, not like a squealing anime character.

“Well, I transferred to this university this year, so I’m kind of new” —he said, his hand ruffling his hair once again. —“I noticed you too in a couple of lessons, but I’m not good at approaching people and that…social stuff”.

“Oh, that explains it all” —Jaebum chuckled— “And how can you say that if you basically greet and talk with everyone here?”

“Well…I really don’t know. It seems that I meet and know people without actually knowing how I did. That doesn’t make any sense, sorry” —he blushed and tried to hid his face in his chest.

“Nah, perhaps it’s because you are really nice and handsome” —Jaebum wanted to hit himself, how could I say that to the guy I’ve met this afternoon. He must think I’m a fuckboy or something.

“Whaaat?!? Me…handsome? I can admit the “nice” part because I offered you food and everybody likes food, but…handsome? Do those beautiful, dark eyes of yours need some glasses?” —He was so embarrassed he couldn’t stop stuttering. Fuck, tell me he didn’t notice me trying to compliment him.

“Aah, stop it, you are too cute to handle” —Jaebum blushed. He has just complimented my eyes? Am I dreaming?

Laughing, they reached the coffee machine. Jaebum went for a strong Americano while Youngjae settled for a hazelnut cappuccino, being a bit intolerant to caffeine. He didn’t want his heart to race…even more.

As they were talking while drinking their respective coffees, Youngjae noticed Jaebum shudder a bit. Obviously, being in a short sleeved t-shirt outside the library was not a good idea. And even less with the doors of the faculty being completely opened.

“Jaebum, are you okay? You look a bit…cold” —He asked, in a worrying tone.

“Yes, don’t worry, I’m fine” —He was freezing a bit but he didn’t want to admit it. He wanted to stay a bit more speaking to him.

Youngjae took of his jacket and handed it to him. He was looking to the floor, a bit embarrassed, that’s why he didn’t see Jaebum biting his lip, because damn, he was handsome as hell.

“Take it, I don’t want to watch you becoming an ice cube”

“Oh, thank you very much, but I’m not that bad, I don’t want you to get cold for being so nice” —Jaebum was a bit shook with how much he did like Youngjae by now, his bright demeanour, his wide eyes and his kindness.

“I’m wearing a long sleeved fluffy sweater and you are just in your t-shirt. As much as I like your arms, you better be covered before you get ill” —Wait what? Did I really pointed out his beautiful and strong arms? Oh my god, Youngjae, get a grip of yourself.

“I…em…thank you, really, you are a really nice guy” —Jaebum could feel his face getting red. He was being complimented by him. Perhaps he liked him back? Nah, he was just being a sunshine.

“It’s nothing” —Youngjae smiled.

When they finished their coffees, having talked a bit about their respective lives and interests, they headed back to the library. Youngjae could feel some pair of eyes staring at them because Jaebum was really hot and sexy. Of course they would wonder what a guy like that was doing with Youngjae.

Two hours more passed, with them exchanging glances and smiles through their study. The library was about to close and an obnoxious alarm ringed, startling all of them.

“What in the seven hells was that?” —Jaebum asked, still a bit startled.

“It’s just the closing alarm. I could tell you that you get used to it, but you really don’t” —he laughed as he was packing up his stuff.

“Having