himself and Bruce tied.

"Well . . I guess we'll never know," Bruce sighed.

"Never know what?" Steve asked, drawn out of his thoughts by Bruce's voice.

"Never know who makes a better omelet.  We tied, and Tony recused himself so there's no deciding vote," Bruce explained.

"Oh, that.  Well, I'm happy to call it a tie.  Your omelet is pretty good," Steve said as he tasted a bit of Bruce's omelet.

"Thanks.  I guess that works for me too," Bruce commented as he finished his breakfast.

Later that night the team assembled in the living room for movie night.  Apparently the others had started this weekly tradition before Steve had joined them.  He had to admit that it sounded like fun, and he was more than a little excited to join them.

His enthusiasm waned significantly when he watched as Bruce enter the room and took a seat next to Tony, who was wildly gesturing for the other scientist's attention from the love seat.

He tried very hard not to frown or let his annoyance show on his face, but it was made even more difficult when Stark threw an arm over Bruce's shoulder and practically draped himself over the other man.  The billionaire acted as if there was no such thing as personal space when he was around Bruce, and it was infuriating.  It was bordering on harassment towards the quiet, mild-mannered physicist, not that Bruce would ever say anything. 

Wait . . . .that gave Steve an idea.  He pointedly avoided looking at the pair of scientists throughout the rest of the night.  (Which was no easy feat, since Tony kept snuggling into Bruce's shoulder and whispering what Steve could only assume were snarky comments into Bruce's ear).  Meanwhile, he hardly paid attention to the movie because he was forming a plan.  A plan that just might put an end to all of Stark's disgraceful, (and flirtatious), behavior.

Later that night Steve snuck down to Tony's workshop after Bruce had gone to bed.  He was unsurprised to see the engineer still toiling away working on one of his new suits.  It was common knowledge that Tony rarely slept.

Steve walked up to the door and knocked.  A few moment's later Tony's voice sounded through a speaker near the door.

"What can I do for you, Cap?" He asked.

"Can you let me in?  I'd like to talk to you," Steve asked, a little annoyed with having to talk to the man through the door.

"It's about Bruce," he added when several moments had passed with no reply from the billionaire.

"Come on in," Tony replied immediately.

Steve strode into the center of the workshop silently, which seemed to unnerve the other man.

"Is Bruce okay?" Tony asked nervously.

"He's fine, but I wanted to talk to you about the way you act around him," Steve started.

"Look Cap, it's not the forties.  Two men can flirt, and I'm not changing my behavior because it makes you uncomfortable," the mechanic responded defensively.

"What if it makes Bruce uncomfortable?" Steve shot back.

"What?" Tony asked, shock clearly written over every feature of his face.

"You're making Bruce uncomfortable.  He told me that you're always embarrassing him.  I know you're just teasing him, but I don't think he likes it," he responded in his "Captain America" voice.

"Why wouldn't he say anything?" Tony questioned.

"Maybe he didn't want to offend you, or he was trying to avoid confrontation.  Besides, he lives in your Tower and works for Stark Industries.  You're essentially his landlord and his boss, so maybe he didn't think he should say anything," he speculated.

"Are you saying Bruce thinks I would evict him or fire him if he didn't let me flirt with him?  I know I've had some sexual harassment complaints levied against me before, but I wouldn't do that to him," Tony said incredulously.

"He didn't say that, but I think it might have been a factor.  Think about what people have done to him in the past if he didn't let them have their way," Steve offered.

Tony suddenly felt awful.  If Bruce was truly uncomfortable and unwilling to tell him because he was afraid of what he would do to him that was terrible.  The thought that that might even possibly be the case made him feel a little sick.  He knew how people in Bruce's past had mistreated him, and he didn't want any part of any of that.  If he was truly bothering Bruce that much he would stop, he resolved that right then and there.

"Thank you for telling me, Cap.  I'll keep that in mind," Tony said as neutrally as he could manage, but on the inside he was crumbling, feeling duly chastised by the implication of