he just discovered a new planet. “You’re Arin-chan, right? I hear you’ve won loads of things--!”

                Arin-chan, huh…? I was running out of words to rant in my head. Who knew that talking to my crush would be so bad for the heart as well as the eyes… “Yeah. Yeah, that’s me.”

                “…Teach me.”

                “…Pardon?”

                “Teach me how to play like you do.” The mischief was gone from his eyes. And anyone who had seen his matches would know that, no matter how cute flirty Kise-kun was, serious Kise-kun was  just plain heart-stoppingly irresistible.

 

And just like that, my evening violin solo sessions became evening violin teaching lessons.

                Kise-kun was amazingly talented at it, just as he was at everything he tried. I wondered why he even bothered to learn from me when all he had to do was copy my movements to play the whole song flawlessly. But no matter how well he played, no matter how little I could teach him, he was never satisfied.

                “There’s just something off, Arin-chan! I want to be able to play exactly like you do, and you’re not getting away until I do!”

                He was also surprisingly forceful off the court…

                That day, two weeks after we started our daily classes, he played even worse than usual. His movements were perfect, his rhythm was spot-on, but like he said, something was just… off.

                “See? I’m still not good enough…” Despite his words, he seemed unnaturally happy. “So you gotta keep teaching me, Arin-chan!”

                I looked at him, looked at his unreasonably bright smile, and held out my hand. Puzzled, he reached out to take it—but I shook my head, shook him away, and beckoned at his violin instead.

                His eyes widened, then dropped, and he gave me the violin wordlessly.

                The silence hung heavy over us, broken only by the tweaking sound of tuning strings. As I thought, he’d been deliberately messing with the strings…

                It couldn’t have been a mistake. Kise-kun mastered tuning ages ago. So why…?

                But who am I to ask? I laughed at myself bitterly. I had known the problem was in the strings from the moment he pulled the first note, but I had waited so long to point it out. The reason was obvious enough—I didn’t want it to end. I didn’t want to be the one to tell him ‘that’s enough, there’s nothing more I can teach you’. I wanted to pretend that he was having as much fun as I did, that he didn’t want it to end either…

                I handed the violin back to him, and he took it quietly.

                “Play.”

                My heart trembled, but my voice was firm. Never would I have guessed that I would someday be the one to order Kise Ryouta around. Half of me wished he would protest, refuse to play, maybe even toss the violin to the ground and stomp out. But he obediently brought the violin to his shoulder, and played the most perfect piece I had ever heard.

                By the time he was done, I couldn’t stop the tears from falling.

                “That’s enough…”

                I couldn’t say the next damning words, because he had thrown his arms around me, crushing me to his chest.

                “Don’t say it, Arin-chan. It’s not enough. It’s never enough.”

                “Your playing is even better than mine! Don’t pretend it isn’t, just to save my pride! I don’t need your pity!”

                I was angry, and upset, angry at him, angry at myself—

                “It’s not pity.”

                Angry at myself, for the way I couldn’t stay angry at him for long.

                “Then what is it…?”

                “It’s what I said it was, Arin-chan. I need you teach me how to do something only you know how to do.” He pulled away from me, brushing the tears away from my face with his large hands, calloused from the basketball and the bow. “Your music… it makes me feel something I’ve never felt before. And no matter how good I play, I just don’t get the same feeling when I’m alone.”

                I knew what he meant. It was the pleasure of playing for someone, of seeing their happiness become your own… “Then play it for someone else.”

                “It’s still not the same.” He hugged me again, even tighter this time, so tight I could hear his heart pounding in his chest, as powerful as his grip, his spirit, everything about him. “After a while, I realized it’s not just your music. It’s you. It’s the way you smile, the way you laugh, the way you get