show him to Iwaizumi, bro,” Bokuto said, smile stretching a molar more. “I told you you could do it. I knew you’d be able to find your soulmate.” He turned to the smaller man. “You’re a lucky person, Kenma. Kuroo here’s been working in bakeries for like the last three years with the shittiest pay ever just to find you.”



 Kenma went pink, and Kuroo went absolutely scarlet. “Bro, don’t tell him that! It’ll make it look like I’m a try-hard!”



 Bokuto hugged Kuroo again with the same vigor. “You are a try-hard, bro. That’s why we’re friends.”



 Kenma laughed quietly into his shirt sleeve. Kuroo seemed to melt at the sound, like it was all he wanted to hear for the rest of his life. Bokuto’s heart twinged.


 


 Bokuto Koutarou, a twenty-two year old college student who always ended up in trouble, started having his life come apart at a house party.



 His grades, although never good, had been plummeting to an abysmal state; his mother’s declining health led to her being more irritable than ever before; and there was a constant, twisting, burning anger in him now that he could never placate completely. 



 But whatever. Right now, he just wanted to get drunk and forget about it all. Grades, mom, anger, soulmates—everything. He was on his fifth beer and the party was starting to become a drunken orgy with clothes. Everybody was grinding against everybody on the dance floor.



 “Daishou!” Mika squealed as he kissed her deeply.



 Suguru just laughed and kissed her again, hands roaming her body.



 Bokuto snarled, checking his phone for Kuroo’s reply. Nothing. He had stayed home with Kenma playing Legend of Zelda on the Nintendo Switch, but the least he could do was reply to his text. Bokuto chuckled to himself darkly. He loved Kenma almost as much as Kuroo did, but sometimes he hated how distant his best friend had become.



 Must be nice, having a soulmate.



 A boy from the year below, Tanaka, ran his fingers through a small blonde girl’s hair and planted a big kiss on her lips that left her flushed.



 “DON’T TOUCH YACHI UNTIL YOU’RE MARRIED, RYUU!” Nishinoya bellowed, leaping onto his friend’s back and forcing him away from his soulmate.



 Bokuto’s eyes twitched. Good for them. Good for fucking them. They were soulmates and they were going to get married probably as soon as one of them got a stable source of income after they graduated. They’d have kids and be the happiest fucking couple in the world.



 Good for them that they’d found each other.



 He glanced at Iwaizumi who sat next to him, nine beers in and about to pass out. Iwaizumi laughed weakly,  tears forming in his eyes as he gazed at the two destined lovers. His blank-as-a-canvas wrist lay limp on the table, track marks crisscrossing the skin instead of words.



 “It’ll be alright, dude,” Bokuto said gruffly, patting his back.



 Iwaizumi vomited all over the table


 


 Bokuto Koutarou, a thirty year old man who was too depressed to get into trouble anymore, stared in disbelief.



 “He’s… your soulmate?” Bokuto asked quietly.



 Iwaizumi nodded, still looking like he didn’t quite believe it himself. “His name’s Oikawa Tooru, and he was a performing violinist at the mall I visited the other day. The reason I have a blank wrist is because Tooru’s mute, so he can’t say his first words to me. But my first words are on his wrist.”



 Perhaps the most beautiful man Bokuto had ever seen lifted his sleeve to show him the words. “Your performance was better than sliced tofu.”



 Bokuto pasted on a big smile as always. “Iwaizumi, you bastard. You’ve found your soulmate finally after all that hell you’ve gone through.”



 He wrapped his arms around his friend like he’d done for all of his other friends. “I’m proud that you’ve met your soulmate.”



 Iwaizumi buried his face in Bokuto’s shoulder. “It’s been hard for you too, Bo. Don’t think I can’t tell when you’re pretending to be happy. But you’ll find your soulmate one day, I promise.”



 Bokuto’s eyes welled.


Bokuto Koutarou, a forty year old man who lived for trouble now, slammed a ten dollar bill with shaking fingers onto the countertop.


 The convenience store clerk passed him the box of cigarettes and he tore one out of the pack immediately, lighting it and inhaling.



 “No smoking in the store, sir,” he said sharply. “Please leave.”



 “Give me my fucking change first,” he snarled, holding out his hands.



 Coins clinked and he walked out into the cold December air. He stayed outside, almost freezing in his ratty jacket, just smoking and wanting