slide closed.

Everything was still and silent.


Somehow she always knew her grave would be watery.


It was like flicking off the light switch, she was gone.

No time, no thought, no motion.

Maybe she really was dead, she really didn’t care one way or the other.

Johanna Mason was dead to the world and nobody had noticed.

Deep in her reverie, Johanna knew she only had seconds to brace herself when they would rip open the top of the tank, letting in searing light. Staying limp was the hardest thing she had ever done.

Voices barely heard through the small crack start yelling, “What happened? Who was monitoring her? What the hell is happening?! Wait No You-”

The lid slammed shut. Johanna stayed oblivious to the world outside.


Outside her safe cocoon, a groups of rebels had taken out a squad of Peacekeepers, trying to hurry before any more can come. They arrived in the series of cells holding many different people. In one cell there’s a pair of dead Avoxes or rather what’s left of them. In another sit’s a girl borderline dead, but they can’t worry about them now. Right now they needed Annie Cresta, Johanna Mason and Peeta Mellark. Bogg finds Annie only two cells down from the girl, her wails send chills up their spines. Mitchelle runs to the door and starts hooking up his code breaker to the lock.



“We found him,” Sergeant Roth says. Gale and York are still running through the halls trying to find Johanna. Gale barely catches a glimpse Bogg running by, carrying a crying Annie over his shoulder. Mitchelle stops for a second, “We need to hurry, find Mason quick!”



They find a cell with two Peacekeepers in it yelling at each other. Just as they’re were going in, an alarm sounds off. Sergeant Roth looks at him and York, “Rendezvous at the ship, if you can’t get the Mason girl in five minutes abandon the mission and get out!”



Gale rushed into the cell, knocking out one and killing another. York bypasses him heading straight for the machine. “What the hell is this thing?”



“I don’t know just open it!”



York lifts the lid with ease, inside laying as limp as a leaf is Johanna Mason. Johanna looked pitiful. Her long dark hair was gone; her body now thinner than before, is bruised with purple bruises & red raised marks and her complexion is deathly pale. Her chest wasn‘t moving.



“She’s not breathing, hurry up! Get her out!”



“We’re not taking a dead body with us, Hawthorne.”



Gale shoves her out the way, hands reaching for Johanna.


Again hands grabbed Johanna, this time they were clumsy not ready for her weight and hauled her out of there. Once again it was the most horrible, painful thing she could imagine. This time Johanna forced her eyes open, put her feet down, and screamed, everything burned or ached.

Her knees buckled under her, but she stood. She caught a brief blurry glimpse of astonished faces, and with another raspy roar Johanna charged at them shakily. If she was gonna die, it was on her own terms fighting.

“Wait no! Stop! We’re not the enemy! Johanna, stop.” A pair of voices cried out. Johanna didn’t stop only fighting harder. She heard one of them fall back with a large cry.

“I won’t tell! I’ll die before I tell!” She shrieks.

Arms encircled her body, pulling her arms to the side, a gruff voice panted in her ear. “Stop, you’re safe. We’re taking you somewhere safe.”

Johanna can faintly hear an angry mob of Peacekeepers coming from the hall, the man hoists her up and runs with his partner shooting behind them. Cold air hits her skin and she’s shuddering. The man starts strapping her in to a harness or something, her eyes flutter as she lets out little wails of pain.

"You're okay." He says, as he finished strapping her securely to the harness. "Help is here." She tries to say something, gasping for air.

“Don‘t let me sleep.” She croaks before blacking out.


She’d do anything to break it before it breaks her.


-

Johanna wakes up panting, body sore and burning. Everything hurt. Someone laughed, and she whips her head to see Haymitch lounging in a chair. “Nice to see you’re awake, darling.”

Johanna just sneers, she looks at herself. She has tubes in her nose and arms, her skin had been scrubbed clean and wrapped in bandages. She can hear a familiar shrill cry, and it’s Annie whose in the next bed. There’s someone else around too but they‘re too far out of her sightline.

Johanna can hear the door open and she sees Katniss at the door as she’s pulling the tubes off her. Finnick rushes past, not even sparing Johanna a glance