jail, even if I was only a minor, but then a man came to visit me.  




He said that he was the director of an organization called SHIELD, that worked to keep the world safe.  He said that he thought it would be a waste for a brilliant mind like mine to be locked away, and then he gave me a choice.  




He said I could use my talents, 'my genius' as he called it, to help SHIELD voluntarily, or I could be charged as a terrorist and be sent to Guantanamo prison, where he assured me no one would ever hear from me again and they had 'other ways' of getting me to help."



Tony paled.  




So that's why Bruce hadn't told him.  His father had coerced him into working for SHIELD.  





Part of him wished he hadn't asked, but now that he knew, he needed to know what else happened.  What had Howard done to Bruce?  Did he follow through on his threat to torture him? (Tony's stomach turned and his chest ached at the thought, as remembrances of Afghanistan flooded his mind.)  Did he just leave the teen alone once he had him in his ranks?  




Tony was afraid of what he would learn, but he pressed on anyway.



"So you accepted his offer?" Tony questioned hesitantly.



Bruce nodded.



"Then what happened?  What did Howard want from you?" Tony asked.



Bruce hesitated, noticing the way Tony said 'Howard' instead of 'dad' or 'father.'  



Pepper had told him that he always used to refer to his father by his first name, but all of that changed after Tony found the video that had led to his life-saving rediscovery of vibranium.  

"He wanted me to build weapons for him," Bruce said simply.



"So you built weapons for SHIELD?" Tony confirmed.



Bruce nodded, and the air filled with tension.  




There was more.  Tony just knew it.  




Finally, he gathered his courage and asked the question that had been weighing on his mind.



"Bruce, did Howard hurt you?" he whispered urgently.



"Tony . . ." Bruce said gently.



"I need to know, Bruce," Tony pleaded.



Bruce remained silent; clearly unwilling to say anymore.



"JARVIS, are there records from the SHIELD medical bay for Bruce Banner during 1978-1980?" Tony asked when it became clear that Bruce was going to remain mute on the subject.



"Yes sir . . . Several," JARVIS replied hesitantly before displaying a myriad of medical reports unto the holographic screens.



Tony's breath caught at the sheer volume of pages that littered the screen.  



He started to read the closest one, which listed off broken ribs, severe bruising, and several lacerations.  There was also a note about a possible psych follow up due to the "volatile nature of the patient."  The next looked similar, as did all of the reports stretched out over all of the available screens.



"Bruce," he said brokenly.



"What?" Bruce snapped back, clearly angered at the way Tony had taken the decision out of his hands.  "What do you want me to say?  




That he beat me when I didn't do things fast enough for him?  





That when my research on something he asked me to do hit a dead end he would take out his frustration on me by hitting me with books, test tubes, or whatever else was handy?  





That he took me to the medical bay and made me lie about getting in fights with other agents to cover his tracks?  





That everyone thought I was some sort of loose canon that could blow up at any moment, because they all thought I just lashed out at people all the time?  





That when he came back to SHIELD tipsy after a social event he would corner me and rape me?  





That he sometimes even tied me up, and went on and on about how he could 'do whatever he wanted to me' before he had his way with me?  





That any time I tried to say 'no' or leave he reminded me that I could always be sent to Guantanamo if I refused to cooperate?  





Is that what you wanted?!?





To know that your father treated me like his personal punching bag and sex slave?  




Why would you want to know that!?!  What possible good could come from that!?"



 By the time he finished, Bruce was sobbing and shaking as he frantically looked around the room like a caged animal.



"Bruce . . ." Tony repeated just as brokenly, with tears filling his eyes.



He reached out to envelop his distraught boyfriend in his arms, but Bruce backed away.  




Tony looked back at Bruce with intentions to advance toward him slowly, but he froze as he saw the hurt and fear clearly written on his face.  He had done that to him.  He had forced Bruce to relive all the worst moments of his life, and he hadn't listened when he had tried to tell him it was too much.  




After all his big talk about not letting anyone hurt Bruce, he had just hurt him so badly that he looked ready to collapse on the floor