the case, exhausted from his therapy session and his ever present lull from medication. He's taking at least four hydrocodone now, spaced throughout the day. Or is it five? Makishima can't remember. The last week is a blur of catatonic nothingness, staring at the wall across from his bed or the TV or gravure while he jerks off to take his mind off the monotony he's suddenly been plunged into.

The sound of footsteps upstairs makes Makishima squint toward the staircase. He knows Ren wakes up early to attend to business matters over the phone, but it seems excessive to him to start the day before the sun is even properly up. Then again, Ren is likely still on English time. It doesn't matter much, anyway, their weird schedules. They mesh anyway, possibly because Makishima doesn't do much: studies with a private tutor, goes to therapy, therapy, therapy, and occasionally has guests.

Onoda had come the day previous, in fact, with Imaizumi and Naruko. Their conversation had been mostly one sided, as per usual, but somehow even more strained. Makishima had accepted gifts sent along with Kinjou, watched Love Hime until dinner, and then accepted more gifts from Onoda. Why his kouhai had brought him ten different spider straps, each one with a different expression, Makishima isn't sure. He thanked Onoda tersely, mumbling under his breath. He isn't the Peak Spider anymore. He probably never will be again.

Tadokoro had come next, with another powder blue box of baked goods from the shop.

--

“How are you feeling?”

“Eh…” Makishima shrugs, nibbling delicately on a still warm pork bun. It tastes about as good as he imagines cardboard would, a fact that has him feeling uncomfortable. Tadokoro’s cooking is always great, especially fresh as the dumplings are, but somehow even one of Makishima’s favorite snacks seems to have lost its flavor.


 Ren had come in the living room, earlier, with miso soup and a pile of rice. It's still sitting on the coffee table, cold.


“Sleepy,” Makishima says. Tadokoro nods, clapping him on the back. The impact makes Makishima wince, but Tadokoro doesn't seem to notice.

“I won't stay, then,” he says, moving to get up. Makishima wants to reach out, grab the burly teen's wrist, and insist that he stay. He merely continues taking tiny bites of his food, eyes fixed on the shiny dough. “I'm already cutting into practice, anyway…”

“Sorry,” Makishima smiles, his face wan. “I'm not really good at conversation anymore, I guess.”

“Well…” Tadokoro shrugs, looking suddenly amused. Makishima swallows the lump of food in his mouth. “You never really were, eh?”


 Tadokoro laughs, loud and deep, his large frame shaking from the intensity of it. Makishima's smile widens, soft chuckling easing the tension in his shoulders. No one can soothe him quite like Tadokoro can; everyone around him seems to want to treat him like he's fragile, like if they aren't quiet and careful with their words or actions Makishima will break. It's so tiring.



 Not Tadokoro, though. Nothing has changed between them.


“Jerk,” Makishima shakes his head, meeting Tadokoro's eyes. He feels a pang in his chest, and absently reaches up to grasp the front of his own shirt. He should be at practice. He should be coaching Onoda on how to climb, how to pace himself, how to improve his cadence and his time. He should be teaching Onoda that the key to winning the Interhigh is teamwork, and trusting him. That Makishima will do everything in his power to take the mountain, to win against Toudou while Onoda pulls Sohoku ever closer to the peak.


 But none of it is possible anymore.


“Makishima,” Tadokoro leans down, looking at him with concern.

“I'm fine, Tadokorocchi,” Makishima says. He glances toward the unkempt blankets on the couch, his makeshift bed. His smile fades. “I just wish…”

“Give it time,” Tadokoro says, gently. As gently as Makishima's bear of a friend can, anyway. He places a large hand on Makishima's shoulder, smiling his large, toothy smile. “You'll be back on the road in no time. And when you are, you can see how much Onoda has improved.”

“Yeah…” Makishima puts his food down on the plate in his lap, one corner of his lips lifting. 


“Just work hard in therapy, okay?”



Makishima opens his mouth to respond, but a quiet buzz stops him. He glances at his phone, lit up on the table next to the couch. “Is it Toudou?”



 Tadokoro directs his gaze to the phone as well, then nods. “Yup. Nice of him to check in on you so much,” he says with a soft smile.



“Mmm... yeah...”



 When Makishima makes no move to answer his phone,