have to resist the urge to look away. “The people back at Blood Pledge Castle are panicking, you know. The king goes missing, no problem. Lorrd Weller defects to the enemy side, it’s a bother, but life goes on. Lord von Christ in the hospital wing due to anemia, no one even bats an eyelid anymore. But once you’re not in your usual seat, marking papers—all hell breaks loose.”

                I feel a muscle in my face twitch. “And why, pray tell, am I the pivotal piece here? I’m not the king!”

                “No.” Before I can indulge in that pleasant surprise that comes with Anissina agreeing with me for once, she continues with, “You’re what His Majesty’s world calls a “President Minister”. You hold the real power, while the king’s just for show.”

                My grip tightens on my father’s grave. “That’s treason you’re talking there, Lady von Karbelnikoff.”

                “No, it’s the truth.” There’s contempt in her eyes. Normally I’d brush it off with ‘That’s Anissina for you’, but today she’s pushing my limits. I can’t take any more shit today, not even hers.

                If she senses the tension in my shoulders, though, she doesn’t show it.

                “You know it, I know it, the king knows it. Heck, he counts on it. Don’t get me wrong, he’s a wonderful king. He has great ideas, things even I never thought of, and he tries his best to make them work, bless his little black-haired head. But while he’s out there understanding and changing the world, you’re the one holding the fort here, so that, when he gets tired of his adventures, he’ll have a home to return to.”

                I pause.

                “It’s not a bad thing. In fact, I like it this way, don’t you? The world is at peace, changing for the better with every new policy. Though I don’t understand what’s the point behind all these holidays yet, I’m sure we’ll come to appreciate their hidden genius someday. So, Gwen…”         

                She walks up to me, the girl I grew up with, the one who has to crane her neck so she can flick my forehead, the only one who can do that and get away with it, even though her flick is strong enough to make my ears ring.

                So much so, that I can barely hear her next words.

                “...You’re not Stoffel. And you sure as hell aren’t your dad.”

                My mother was Demon Queen, but she was always being dictated, first by my father, then by her brother. Despite being queen, she never did much work. I have no right to criticize how she ran the country, but I do know her reign ended with war, and much discontent. I have no right to judge, because I still can’t see for sure if His Majesty Yuuri’s reign will end any differently, and what history will make of my role in it.

                I despise Stoffel. Who doesn’t? And sometimes, I find myself blaming my father for coddling Mother so early in her reign, and in her life, so she grew to be dependent on the men around her. That’s why, when I find myself acting that way with Wolfram, and His Majesty… I get scared.

                But young Yuuri isn’t Mother. And I’m not my father.

                “For one,” Anissina adds, “You’re way too soft, and it’s not even that deep down.”

                …Although maybe I should take some pointers from them in that aspect.

                “No, don’t change,” Anissina seems to read the dejection in my expression, and more or less commands me. “If you decide to man up, I might have to find some less durable test subjects, with a higher turnover rate…” She pauses. “I’m just stating the truth, by the way. Regardless of what you may think, I don’t have to resort to blackmailing your conscience to make you do my bidding as of yet. It’s just that you won’t do it, will you? Put someone else in danger to save yourself.”

                She sighs. “That’s why I say you’re too soft.”

                Finally I lose the precious few strands of patience I had left. “If you’re done with the lecture, we can go back now, before Wolfram tears down the place.”

                “Oh, on the contrary, he and the princess are bonding over the ‘Father’s Day’ decorations. Something about surprising His Majesty when he returns. Which reminds me…”

               Anissina fumbles through her pockets. This is, I realize, the real reason she came out all the way here to look for me.

                “Here. A