Louis and Perrie had called his phone 54 times, in total.

Louis and Perrie were his friends from school, and I guess they got worried when he just up and left after lecture.

The first place he went was home, to get the adoption papers to bring to the hospital.

The hospital was the second place he went.

Even though he felt like just barging in, he gained his self control and walked into the hospital, asking anyone, everyone about Zayn.

The receptionist told him that he was in surgery, and Harry would sadly have to wait if he wanted to see him.

Harry nodded, although he just wanted to grab his baby and hug him forever, he didn't want to let go like everyone else had.

So he waited.

In one hour, he had went to buy Zayn's favorite snacks, so he would happy when he woke up.

With 4 hours, he sat with the lady in the adoption facility and showed her the papers.

He'd also brought all his medical history, ID, passport, anything that he thought he would need to give him responsibility of Zayn.

"Why do you think I should give you responsibility of this child?" She said.

Now, Harry had to think this answer.

"Miss. You know what they say about love. It's uncontrolled. The first day I stepped in the hospital, I only came for an internship for my sister. I didn't know I was going to meet a child as wonderful as Zayn. I get it, I'm only 20 and I don't know much but I really care about him. I love him how a father is suppose to love a child, even though I'm not his dad. I. I want to be. I want to be in his life every day and yes he has a sickness. And, and he may not live, but the days that he has should be spent wonderfully and I can do that for him. My sister, she's 23, and she knows way more about kids than I do. She can help me."

The lady was watching Harry, and she just shook her head.

Tears were starting to form in Harry's eyes, but he wasn't going to quit.

"I'm sorry but. You don't have the salary to take care of a child. This Zayn Malik is sick. He needs a constant, someone who is going to he by his side 24/7. You have a job, and you take classes. When are you going to be there for him?"

"Please. Please, I'll get a higher paying job. I've been taking editing classes and I'm done next month and went to interviews for publishing buildings all around this town. I'm what's best for him. Zayn loves me, I know he does. I knew the first time he called me daddy. Okay maybe he doesn't need me but I need him. I've changed a lot with him around, and for the better. Just, please. Give me a chance." Harry pleaded, eyes big and wide and green.

"Harry Styles, I'm giving you a month, if possible to show me that you are what this child needs." She put a large stamp of Zayn's adoption folder, and Harry could finally smile again.

 

+

 

When Harry went back downstairs to the surgery department, Zayn had 7 more hours until his operation was over.

Most of the time, Harry prayed. And it would be a long shot to say Harry was religious since he hasn't picked up a bible in years, but he hoped God could put it aside, it was a little boy's life on the line.

He prayed, he cried and he prayed  some more.

He also thought now was the best time to tell his parents about Zayn.

He dialed his mother up, and she picked up.

"Harry my boy! I haven't heard from ya in ages!" She squealed, and he didn't want to ruin her mood, but it was now or never.

So he told her. He told her that he met a boy named Zayn and that hes very very sick and he loves him and he can't breathe without thinking about him and he already signed adoption papers and even if she didn't approve, it was too late because what's done is done.

"Oh Harry, why didn't you tell me any of this? Where is he now?" She said.

"He's undergoing an operation for his spine." Harry sighed, and he hoped his baby was doing okay, and that he could hold on for 4 more hours.

"Oh, I'm sorry baby. Maybe one day I could stop by and see him. I have to tell your father. Anyways, how are you? Are you seeing anyone?" His mom said, and he blushed.

"Mom, it's not time for that. And no,