his chin towards the car in a motion for everyone to get in.

 

The car ride is silent for the most part, there's just the odd mumble from Mouri and the distant sound of something fluttering off in the wind. Once they reach the highway, Conan soon realises that it’s a flag, fluttering violently in the wind. He sees it’s reflection in Mouri’s rear mirror, the man must've bought it recently because Conan is sure he doesn't remember it. He gets quickly bored of looking at it and shifts his line of sight to look at Rin. The black haired male looks exhausted with the dark circles under his eyes and the messy bundle of hair atop his head. Rin racks a pale hand through his dark hair, it’s slightly shaky but his hypnotizing wildfire like eyes are strong as ever, giving off the illusion of calmness. Conan knows exactly what hides behind that veil off calmness and he can't help the slight dip of his lips but doesn't tear his blue eyes away, instead he watches as Rin leans his chin into the palm of his hand, eyes concentrated on the rear mirror. He watches the cheap plastic of the flag bending and the material beat as if it were trying to take flight. It stays that way, a battle between pole and flag until they hoard to a stop and that's when Conan finally tears his eyes away.

 Stepping out of the car, Ran looks towards the sky with a frown. Another cloudy night had rolled in covering the last of the twilight sky, as if the blackness failed to come fast enough. The rolling grey rapidly became as invisible as the stars it concealed, but the air still felt somewhat humid. ”The weather changed so quick”, The brown haired female muttered quietly. Beside her, Mouri solemnly nodded his head in agreement. Rin was stood a few paces behind then, hands tucked inside the pockets of his maroon coloured pull over hoodie and eyes following the movement of Conan as the brown haired male moved to stand next to Ran.

 

Lightning then came, a brilliant shock of white in the graphite sky, forking silently to the unsuspecting ground - All eyes turned to the light, a shadow bloomed from its source just in front of the bridge and - “What's that?”, Mouri asked, squinting his eyes as the shadow turned it head, a beastly resemblance then toward over the four of them from afar in the shape of a figure wrapped in too many bandages to count. Conan stepped forward in an attempt to go after the figure shrouded in darkness, then something tugged at his arm and he was pulled backwards, he felt an arm around his waist and fingers threading through his brown hair just as he saw the flash of bright light and then the sound of lightning hitting the ground at the same time Ran let out a scream and his face was pushed forward into a chest.

 


To Be Continued...


Ryoichi Takahashi of the Villa group goes missing with only a note left behind - Conan is quick to join up the dots.

But why do the dots always have to do something with Rin?

WARNING!⚠

1. unbeta'ed2. may be slightly OOC for a few characters3. Someone save me from all the fandom's pls


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

 

 




Chapter Two: 
Mountain Villa Bandaged Man Murder Case Part 2 


 


If Rin’s eyes were the mere depths of Hell coated in all the blood in the world, then Conan’s eyes were like the heavens, endless pools of sky blue decorated in wisps of gray that represented not only the clouds, but in a sense, hope as well. Rin had long since decided that he would protect the hope that resided deep within Conan. If that meant that he would be refined to be a heartless killer, branded like a wild animal in the city, then so be it. 


 


Rin watched on as Conan interacted with Ran, Sonoko (

one of Ran’s friends)

, had shown up right after the Lightning had struck out and insisted upon question that there was no bandaged man running around. She had merely tossed the topic to the side and instead ushered everyone into one of her many fancy vacations homes. Mouri had glanced over his shoulder at Rin and couldn't help but hide his laugh behind a cough. It wasn't everyday that he got the see the great Ogami Killer throwing his emotions, left and right. And 

Oh,

 what a sight it was. 

Jealously,

 Mouri concludes as he notices the dip of Rin’s lips and the sharp look in his fire like eyes - He ticks that off his imaginary emotions list for the de-aged male and shakes his head as he follows the three in front of him to the Villa. If Rin has an infatuation with Conan, 

well,

 then that's none of his business. 


 


----


 


“Ehh, so all of you were in same club at college?”, Ran questions, blue eyes sparkling with curiosity as she makes idle chat with the many people around the dining table. Rin doesn't pay much attention to them or the murmur of bullshit