before nuzzling down to mouth hungrily at Yancy’s sac.

Yancy doesn’t stir, but Raleigh’s pleased to find that his cock definitely does, twitching and swelling under his attentions until it’s fully erect, jutting hard and proud from between his brother’s thighs. Raleigh groans around him as he sucks the head of Yancy’s cock into his mouth, licking up the salty–bitter precome, then letting his lips slide down his shaft. His cheeks hollow as he sucks at him hungrily, reveling in the taste of him, in the slide of Yancy’s cock against his tongue. Raleigh reaches between his own thighs of one hand, stroking his own erection slowly as he tries to swallow around the girth of his brother’s shaft, choking on a groan.

Still, Yancy doesn’t wake.

Raleigh pouts as Yancy’s cock pulls from his lips of a soft pop. “Come on, Yance,” he says softly, nuzzling him. “Don’t you want to wake up and pound me into the bed?”

Even Yancy’s breathing remains unchanged, which is frustratingly unbelievable when Raleigh’s hitches with desire with every breath he takes. He lets go of his own cock to curl his fingers around the base of Yancy’s, stroking the base as he begins to blow him in earnest. While part of him is perversely curious as to whether or not he can make Yancy come before waking him up, Raleigh feels almost desperately aroused. After weeks of amazing sex, his right hand just isn’t enough to satisfy, even while he’s gagging on Yancy’s cock.

Pulling away, he crawls back up Yancy’s body to kiss his sleeping lips, grinding his ass against the hard length of his brother’s huge cock. “Don’t tell me you can seriously sleep through this,” he growls, rolling his hips against him, the hard length of his cock rubbing against Yancy’s abs as his brother’s cock slides over Raleigh’s hole. Yancy shifts slightly underneath him, giving a sleepy, inquiring noise, and Raleigh grinds against him harder.

“Wake up, Yance. Come on, I want you to fuck me. Really want your huge cock inside me…” Raleigh’s words end in a whine, and when Yancy does nothing more than wrinkle his nose, Raleigh decides that more drastic measures are clearly necessary.

He grabs the lube from the bedside table where they’d left last night, sitting up on Yancy’s hips and reaching behind him to stroke slick fingers down the length of his cock. Then he kneels higher, curling his fingers around the base of Yancy’s cock as he slowly rocks onto him.

“Oh fuck, Yance…” Raleigh’s still slick from last night’s activities, but his body is still tight around his brother’s flared head, and it takes him a few moments to adjust, rocking a little harder until his body finally complies and accepts the girth of his brother’s cock. He lets out a breathless groan as he rocks a little harder to push Yancy deeper, eyes closed against the intensity. He braces both hands on Yancy’s chest as his hips jerk down, pushing him deeper.

He feels Yancy’s hands smooth over his hips, and opens his eyes to meet his brother’s unfocused gaze. Yancy’s fingers tighten on his hips, giving a small, almost reflexive thrust up into him before he speaks. “… hot.”

Raleigh laughs breathlessly, starting to rock on him slowly. “Morning, handsome. Good of you to… mmm, finally join me.”

Yancy gives a curious sounding hum, his hands still stroking over Raleigh’s hips and ass. “Desperate this morning, are we?”

“Takes forever to get you out of bed,” Raleigh replies, shifting positions so that Yancy’s cock rubs harder against his sweet spot and biting his lip on a whimper. “Really needed this….”

“Greedy little slut…” Yancy’s words are low and thick with sleep, but appreciative. His eyes clear little more as he begins to rock with him, finding a slow rhythm with the roll of Raleigh’s hips as he thrusts up into him. His fingers squeeze Raleigh’s ass cheeks, then one hand moves to deliver a hard smack to his ass. “Just think you can take whatever you want, huh?”

Raleigh draws a sharp breath at the smack, hips bucking on him. “Fuck, Yance… Can’t help it. I’m so addicted to your badonkadick.”

Yancy chuckles, bracing his feet on the bed to rock up harder into him. “Don’t know if I should reward you or punish you, kid. Greedy brat.”

Raleigh’s fingers dig into his shoulders, breath coming faster as he rocks hard onto him, each thrust driving a hard shock of pleasure through him. It’s so intense that he can barely think to answer. “Punish me. Punish me with your cock, God, Yancy, feels so fucking good – !”

Yancy