what I intended!”

Fujisaki couldn’t see or hear my soul. He held his hands suspended in the air, unsure what to do with them. His mouth closed, he gulped, and his initial shock morphed into delight that tugged at the corner of his lips. He lowered his hands, one to rest on my shoulder and the other to wipe my hair out of my face.

“You must be tired,” said Fujisaki. He leaned down over me, his cheeks turning pink.

Oh, heck no. I reached for my body to push or pull it away from him, only to have my soul-hands pass through my torso. Why was it that the only thing I couldn’t touch as a soul was my body itself? I tried using a book to give her a shove. It also passed right through. How was that even possible? It was a solid inanimate object.

What was wrong with me? I’d kept my soul from accidentally falling out for almost two years. This was the second time in less than twenty-four hours that I’d dropped my body. Last night, the storm pulled me out, but today was clean and clear. No vortexes of gloom. I hadn’t seen a single ayakashi.

“Hiyori, are you asleep?” Fujisaki ran his fingers across my cheek. “I guess so. She’s so pretty…”

I resisted the urge to start throwing objects like a poltergeist. All I needed to do was calm down and get back inside my body. Key concept, calm down. The far shore fed on emotion, so to return to the near, I pushed aside my irritation. I took a long, deep breath, and sat down across from Fujisaki and my body. I’d done this a thousand times.

When I was in first grade, Tenjin determined that my soul-body disconnection wasn’t a passing phase, and thus, I needed to learn to control it. Recognizing the pull of the far shore was simple. Dizziness, as my soul was lighter than my body, and a drowsiness that sunk down to the bones. If I reached for it, my soul slipped right out.

The connection between my body and soul, on the other hand, was so innate that sensing it was like trying to taste my own tongue. It was just there. To reconnect, I had to imagine it.

I crossed my legs, put my hands on my knees, and closed my eyes. I always imagined a tangle of clear strings hanging in the air. Among them was the connection to my body, strong like thick fishing wire. I’d pull on it and drag my soul back inside. This time, my strings were too thin to grasp. I re-opened my eyes. Fujisaki pulled his school bag over with his foot and fished out his phone.

*8*8*8*8*

.

To Fujisaki, it was nothing more than, “Did you have a nice nap? I just got Popo and Mr. Meowgi to visit in Neko Atsume!” almost two hours later.

To me, something was wrong with my soul. A far shore storm wasn’t pushing me around, but I’d bet an injection of far shore life could produce the same effect. The next day, my throat and temperature were fine, so I went to school, where I fell out of my body during math class.

I wasn’t going to worry. It had only been one day.

Even so, in the afternoon, I traced my steps back to the Lawson convenience store where I’d first run into Yato, and searched the area for any sign of a god.

The more I thought about it, I felt something about Yato was familiar, but I couldn’t say what. I’d never met him before or visited his shrine. Was it the smell? I kept imagining it, couldn’t get it out of my head.

I searched until it got dark. I found my favorite squirty water bottle, but that was it.

*8*8*8*8*

I visited the school library in hopes that a Shinto encyclopedia could tell me more about the god named Yato than Google. Google gave me nothing but links to Yato no Kami, the snake god. I met that god once on a field trip in junior high, so I knew he wasn’t the right person.

As for Yato, just Yato? I had an infuriating itch of déjà vu, but for the life of me, I couldn’t recall when or where I’d heard of him. Then again, Japan had thousands and thousands of gods. I couldn’t possibly remember them all. I went through every reference my school had on Shinto, hoping to get a location for his shrine, but couldn’t find so much as a mention of him in a footnote. Maybe I should try a more extensive public library.

When I returned my last book, I smelled something unpleasant. Not pungent, more like stale bread. Out of curiosity,