Terezi sides with me.”

               On a normal day, you would. However, you want as much distance from Karkat as you can get. You understand that he didn’t actually do anything and that it was just a dream, but you still feel like you should avoid contact. After all, this is the third dream you’ve had about him this week.

               “Well, actually, I have a lot of, er… other things to do today, Dave. Sorry.” You try your best to look apologetic.

               Rose didn’t say anything, but she folded her arms across her chest and smirked, signifying that she had won. Dave looked crushed.

               “I’m gonna go, guys. Tell me if you go through with it, Dave!”

               With that, you rush out of the room. Since you weren’t paying attention to your surroundings, you accidentally turn a corner and smack right into something. Whatever it was, it was faintly warm and kind of soft. You calm yourself down and feel at the object as you take a big sniff of your surroundings.

               However, within a moment of smelling that sweet, cherry-red scent, you already know what—or who—you ran into.  And he doesn’t seem like a very happy camper.

               He takes a step or two back and you can smell the disapproving look on his face, from the way his lips curved downward to the wrinkled crease between his eyebrows. However, since you don’t say anything, his face softens a bit. “Geez, Terezi, what’s up with you? You’re usually more alert. Did you catch a bug or something?”

               You can’t think to say anything. You’re pretty sure you’re just frozen there, gawking at him like he’d grown an extra set of horns. You flash back to the dream you had the other night and feel heat rising to your face. Oh, God, you’re blushing now too.

               “Terezi?”

               Oh, right. He still wanted an answer. You panic and try to speak, but all that comes out is a pathetic squeak.

               “Wow, you are sick. I didn’t know that you could even catch a cold. I mean, you’ve probably licked everything from this god-forsaken meteor to Alternia. I figured your immune system would be strong enough to break a record or something. Especially since your blood is higher on the hemospectrum…”

               Okay, good. He was lecturing. While he spouted what seemed to be an endless string of shit from his mouth, you decided that going with the idea that you’re sick would be the easiest way out for you, especially since you don’t feel like telling him that you’re just a little bashful towards him because of the dreams you’ve been having about him recently.

               “….I mean, you’ve licked the floor in the ablution chamber before, and if that doesn’t say something about your immune system, I don’t know what does. And that’s not all you’ve licked, I’m sure, since I only listed things I’ve seen you put your mouth on..”

               You cough loudly, hoping that it sounds convincing. It must have sounded okay, because Jabby McBlabberpants finally stopped running his mouth.

               You were really nervous around him, so it wasn’t hard to fake a weak, raspy voice. Your voice was pretty raspy on a normal day, anyhow. “Karkat, shut up! I’m sorry I ran into you, okay? My nose is too stuffed up for me to smell properly.” For added effect, you sniff occasionally and try to breathe only through your mouth.

               He nods, looking satisfied. “That’s pretty evident, but thanks for the late confirmation.”

               “Yeah, yeah.” You clear your throat. “I’m gonna go, okay? Being sick sure has made me, uh…” You try to think of what trolls need when they’re sick. “…tired?”

               You don’t really wait for a reply and push past him toward your room. You can feel him watching you as you try and get away from him, but you aren’t focused on where you’re going again and—you smack right into a wall.

               Ironically enough, you manage to hit your nose straight-on. You sink to the ground and cup your hands over it, only to feel something warm seep onto them. Great, you made your nose bleed, and now you really can’t smell anything.

               “Uuuuuuuugghhhh…!” You bump your forehead against the wall and let it rest there as you plug your nostrils with your shirt. You’ve only spent about half an hour awake, but you wish you could crawl under a big rock and die. Could this day get any worse?

               “Hey, Terezi, are you alright?” Oh, right. Karkat definitely watched you smack into a wall. Why did he have to be so sympathetic? You wouldn’t care if