right at this moment. “Henry,” Smiling is difficult with drums pounding behind your eye sockets Gold discovers. “I’m perfectly fine lad. Go on and finish cleaning up the glass cases, then you can go home.”

The boy, drat him, doesn’t cooperate and promptly retreat.  Instead he steps closer, shooting him a doubtful look. “Are you sure? You look…kinda…I dunno…green,” Henry frowns, worrying his lip with his teeth. “Maybe we should call Belle?”

“No!” The barked out order causes Henry to jump but he still doesn’t scamper away, jaw tightening with a familiar stubborn look that lets Gold know he’d better get his ass moving right quick and nip this trouble in the bud.

Henry might prove himself fairly hard to shake off but Rumpelstiltskin wasn’t a master showman for nothing. There was more than one way to skin a cat.

“Green, hmm? You should have seen me in the Enchanted Forest,” he smirks, summoning up his best here-there-be-monsters grin and high off-putting giggle.  That’s enough to distract the lad, eyes popping out as he remembers who he’s talking to- the malevolent imp from the stories he’d devoured in his storybook so long ago. There. That ought to do it. Gold sprawls back, all confidence and flash. “Go on then Henry. Leave the old ogre to his own business then?”

Henry purses his lips, looking alarmingly like his adopted mother for a moment before relenting and returning to the front for the shop.  Gold holds position until the lad disappears, then promptly folds forward, the brief battle sapping the last of his strength.

 A few moments- minutes?- later, Gold forces himself to stir from his prone postion. Pushing himself out his seat, the Dark One stumbles over toward the makeshift bed in the corner. After fumbling a few moments, his fingers weak and uncooperative, he manages to mostly pull the neatly folded blanket on the end of the divan over himself. Closing his eyes, Gold shivers, suddenly freezing and focuses on resting his throbbing head.

A soft hand smoothing over his forehead pulls him out of his stupor. Murmuring voices buzz over his head, hushed and vague. “He’s very warm,” Gold hears, the hand shifting to cup his cheek. More murmuring. “No, you were right to call me,” the voice continues and Gold finally cracks his eyes open.  

His wife swims into view, sitting beside him as Henry hovers behind her, distress written all over his face. “I just found him like this. Shouldn’t we call doctor Whale?”

“Let’s wait and see,” Belle sooths, turning to look down at him. At seeing his eyes open and staring back at her, a smile lights up her whole face. “You’re awake,” she whispers, brushing his hair back.

He wants to tell her how beautiful she looks with her hair pulled back like that, how glad he is to see her, how much better it feels with her here. But all that comes out is a croaked, “Yeah.”

Taking his hand in hers, Belle bites her lip and searches his face. “You’re running a fever sweetheart. Do you think you can stand up? We need to get you home.”

Standing up is the absolute last thing in the world he wants to do but for Belle, he’d slay dragons. “Yeah.” Gold nods, sending the world spinning again.

He’s not sure what exactly happens after that, the world continuing to twist and swirl awkwardly. He remembers Belle at his side, supporting him as he sways on his feet. He remembers Henry’s young, strong hands at his back helping him negotiate his way into the Cadillac. Flashes of a wintery Storybrooke whizzing by sometimes pop up in his memory. Gold’s mind floats in and out, slippery as black ice, drifting back when hobbling his way into his house with wife and grandson supporting him on either side, moving slowly toward the stairs.

“That’s it, Rumple,” Belle encourages, huffing as they move into the large bedroom. “Here we go, into up into bed now,” and he thinks he should be embarrassed to be seen like this but he can’t quite hold onto it.

Soft, little hands busily divest him of his shirt, tie, and pants, smoothing his brow when he moans in protest. “Cold,” he gasps out. Belle’s eyes brim with sympathy.

“I know darling, I know. Almost there,” she soothes. Quickly pulling his pajamas over his head, she allows him to fall back into his glorious, glorious bed. “Here you go. Henry,” Belle calls over her shoulder, “come watch your grandfather. I’m going to gather some things he needs alight?”

Gold is too busy drifting to hear what’s said but when he opens his eyes, the lad is sitting beside him, observing closely.  His dark eyes widen