sure the Camaro was parked by the guesthouse and then he made his call.

When Derek knocked on the door, Stiles was ready to sweep it open. “Thank you for coming,” he said in a serious voice that seemed to make Derek take a step back.

“You’re… welcome?” Derek said and let Stiles lead him through the apartment for once. Stiles kept his mouth firmly shut until they got to the bathroom and he pointed to where the towel rack had fallen off the wall.

“You can fix that, right?”

“Sure, it’ll only take a few minutes,” Derek said and dropped his toolbox. Stiles tried not to notice that Derek was sneaking peeks at him out of the corner of his eye, but Stiles refused to say anything else. Yet.

He waited until Derek had examined the rack and poked at the holes where the screws had come loose. “Do you mind if I move it up a few inches? These holes are stripped, and anything I screw in will just work its way out again,” Derek said while Stiles focused on the way his eyelashes brushed his cheeks as he talked.

Stiles cleared his throat. “No, I don’t mind. You can get it up— put it up wherever you want.” This time, he knew he wasn’t imagining Derek looking at him, but Derek just nodded, pencil marking where he wanted, then getting out a cordless drill.

Stiles waited until Derek had done one side then started the drill again, noise almost covering up his little dramatic moan. “Yeah, that’s it, drill it in,” he said. Derek’s finger slipped off the trigger of the drill, but he quickly compensated and started the next hole. Stiles tried again. “Yeah, you really know how to move that, don’t you. All that power, you can just drill right in.”

Derek’s finger twitched again, but he tried to play it off and set down the power tool to pick up a screwdriver. He put a screw to the new hole and tested it.

Stiles let out another moan. “Look at you, with your big screwdriver. That is one big tool, but it looks hard. It’s really hard, isn’t it?”

The screwdriver fell from Derek’s fingers, and Stiles was satisfied to see he didn’t even try to catch it. 

“Oh, you might need to hold it tighter. Really get your hand around it and squeeze. Work it in and just screw until you bottom out.” 

Once he got started, fully on purpose, Stiles realized it was a lot of fun. And it just rolled off his tongue without any thought. He knew now that he’d never have a chance at actually seducing a man like Derek, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t have fun harassing him. And it was fun. Derek was fumbling to hold the towel rack with one hand while he slotted in the screws and screwed with the other. It was apparent he wasn’t going to ask Stiles for help as he moved as quickly as he could.

“Mmm,” Stiles said. “You really do know how to screw. Just like that. You know how to move it, drive it in, make it fit, make it work juuust right.”

He thought he saw the moment when Derek gave in — which yay, finally a reaction, but really not the one he was going for. He was hoping for more dropping of the tools, throwing him against the wall/counter/shower/floor/bed/table, anything really, and then doing him. 

Instead, Derek just gave him one of those looks that involved those striking eyes and those forbidding eyebrows, and Stiles just couldn’t read it. He was excellent at body language usually, could always tell what Scott was thinking better than a psychic, but he couldn’t figure out Derek.

Derek did drop his screwdriver into the toolbox and let the towel rack hang drunkenly from one secure side. “I’ll finish this up Monday,” he said and locked the toolbox with a slam.

“But where will I put my towel when I get out of the shower all naked and wet, water dripping from my body? I can’t walk through the apartment all naked and without clothes. What if someone looks in and sees my young, nubile body?” Stiles followed Derek as he all but hustled to the apartment door. “You never know what might happen to me, nude and alone, if I don’t have somewhere to hang my towel.”

His door hit the wall when Derek blew through it. Stiles couldn’t resist one more. He leaned his head into the hall and yelled, “So that’s it? It’s over? I’d much rather be under you.”

He could actually hear Derek’s boots tromp down the stairs, and he couldn’t help but laugh. If he couldn’t have Derek, then maybe the next thing would be to sit back and