"Her feet were always cold."

"She kicked pretty hard," Bucky says, looking at the dishtowel. "I’d pinch her, and she’d kick the shit out of me, but she never quit trying."

"You’ve got a warm ass," Steve says, and Bucky snorts.

 

★

“Fuck!” Bucky yelps into the comm.

“You okay?” Natasha asks.

“He dropped a magazine on his knee bone!” Steve is giggling again, and Natasha presses her lips together.

“Wait a minute,” Clint says. “How does the world’s most legendary sniper drop a magazine on his knee?”

“Ask Captain Ass-merica,” Bucky growls, and apparently everyone is just leaving their mics on, because Steve goes off in another gale of laughter, and Natasha rolls her eyes.

“Turn off the mics when you’re not checking in,” she says archly.

“Yes, Natasha.” Bucky and Steve speak in unison, and Clint is fairly sure they sound like smart ass kindergartners on purpose.

★

"So it reminded me of something," Bucky says, nuzzling Steve’s hair, arm around his shoulders.

Steve hums.

"That slam in my knee, it hurt more than it should have," Bucky says. "But it shouldn’t have hardly hurt at all. It reminded me of that time Ricky was playing baseball in the house, did I tell you about that?"

Steve hums in the negative, kissing Bucky’s jaw.

"He was playin’ catch with himself, being a stupid brat, not listening to me when I was in charge, you know, his usual," Bucky huffs, and Steve chuckles quietly. "And I’m in Ma’s room, doing my homework, because her sewing chair had the best reading light."

Steve closes his eyes, smiling softly, listening.

"So he’s standing in the doorway, smarting off, and I’m trying to do something, I don’t know, it was probably figures, and he’s throwing the ball higher and higher, and eventually he puts a little too much backspin on it and it goes careening across Ma’s vanity, headin’ straight for that violet water she used to wear in her hair when she dressed up. I hit my knees and caught it before it crashed to the floor, and then I chased Rick out of there and thrashed him."

"Sounds right," Steve says.

"He was such a shit," Bucky mumbles. "God, I miss him."

★

“What the Hell?!” Rhodey exclaims as Bucky and Steve come crashing down outside Clint’s second story window. The yelp is echoed by Pepper downstairs as they land in the hedge, and both are answered with howls of laughter.

“Guys?” Rhodey leans out the window as Clint and Sam step out on the porch.

“We’re okay!” Bucky announces.

“You’re okay!” Steve huffs. “You landed on me.”

“Well, luckily you’re a goddamned ox now,” Bucky teases. “You’d have died otherwise.”

“Get your tin can elbow out of my diaphragm,” Steve says, and the two of them tumble out of the bushes, smacking each other and taking turns pulling each other backward, until Bucky grabs Steve’s whole face and shoves him so he lands on his ass in the middle of Clint’s least dead flowerbed.

"Aww, flowers!" Clint says, shoulders slumping, and Bucky and Steve both wince.

"We’ll fix it,"  Bucky promises.

"Damn right you will," Clint says, shaking his head. "What’s wrong with you two?"

"Just horsing around," Steve says.

"Stop half killing each other, would you?" Clint says, kneeling to see if his begonias are salvageable.

★

"We gotta fix those begonias," Bucky says to Steve as they’re driving home from Clint’s in the dark. His right arm’s out the window, the wind’s in his hair. Steve almost doesn’t hear it.

"Yeah, that was shit of us," Steve says. "We gotta be more careful."

"Nah," Bucky says, turning toward him. "They’re getting used to that. Half his flowers are dead, too. We gotta fix the begonias specifically. They smell like Becky’s perfume."

Steve glances at him, smiles. Nods. “Yeah, Buck. They do.”

★

"Ow!" Steve yelps. "You did that on purpose!"

"Maybe I did," Bucky says, grinning slowly. "What are you gonna do about it, Rogers?"

"C’mere!" Steve says, pouncing, and there goes the door to the men’s locker room. They stand beside it, wide-eyed and startled, and Bucky presses his hand over his mouth to try not to grin.

Steve’s mouth is twitching.

"This is bad," Bucky says. "This is very bad. We’re breaking things now. We need to stop."