around the tight packed club, while flickering lights flashed over their skin. Zayn looked over at his boyfriend with his hair styled up and a tight shirt hugging his torso. 



 "You look amazing," Zayn whispered into the other lad's ear sending a shiver down his spine.

 "So do you babe," Liam answered looking at his boyfriend who was wearing a tank that showed the skull tattoos on his chest. The older boy smiled up at him before stealing a quick kiss and leaving with Harry to the bar. 



 After a couple of drinks on every boy each other them was too tipsy to keep track of each other. Zayn was laughing to Niall's crappy jokes along with Josh and Harry while Liam and Louis were lost in the crowd of sweaty bodies dancing together. Liam's hands snaked around a curly haired girl's waist pulling her close to his body. The liquor taking over his brain, not even listening to the quiet voice in the back of his head telling him not to do it. The girl grinned her hips into his front making Liam groan and slip his hand down to the edge of her dress. Bodies crashed into one another, quickly lips were pressed into Liam's as he gasped for air. Kissing back Liam moved his hand under her dress, the girl wrapping her hands around his neck pulling him in closer. Liam pulled back for air, quickly attaching his lips back into her neck, making little whimpers come out of the girls mouth. 



 "Lets get out of here." he said, his voice sounding deep and his eyes laced with lust. A quick nod was thrown his way and that as all he needed to take her hand and walk to the exit. 


 

 



~ ~ ~

Zayn's laugh rang around Liam's ears as he laid on the floor with Harry straddling his waist and his hands tickling Zayn's sides. Liam's heart shattered again and again as he heard a soft moan come out from Zayn's mouth.

"Haz, babe, not here..." His voice was soft as the other boy groaned. Liam closed his eyes and pretended to be asleep in his bunk.

"You're so beautiful, Zayn," Harry's hoarse voice said to Zayn. Liam could almost see Zayn smiling up at Harry, he remember when that was him. How he would make Zayn blush so much he'd end up hiding his face into Liam's chest and then softly kiss him. But now it was Harry who was reviving all of that, the new owner to Zayn pink lips that went into a bright red shade if kissed too much.

 

 



~ ~ ~


 Liam quickly opened the door to the flat he shared with his boyfriend, pulling this girl in with him and slamming her slightly against the door once he closed it behind her.

 "Danielle," the girl breathed out a his hands pulled the zipper of her dress down. He nodded and pulled down the dress taking a good long look at her. Clothes were dropped along the floor and stairs as they walked up to the room with had Zayn's clothes in. The bed was messy and Zayn's scent all over the sheets was hitting Liam's nose. Liam ignored all the things that reminded him of Zayn and quickly got down to business. 



 Zayn was taken home with Harry and Niall when Liam couldn't be found. Tipsy the three boys fell asleep into the leather couch that was the nearest soft place to sleep. Harry's hands around Zayn's waist and Zayn's head laid on Niall's chest. They all fell asleep not knowing about Liam's presence. 


 

 



~ ~ ~

Wall to wall the beds were arranged. Liam's bed against the wall in which Zayn's and Harry's was. The walls were thin and moans were heard by Liam's ears.

 

 



~ ~ ~


 Morning came and Zayn woke up to Harry's burnt turkey bacon. Coffee on the table and Niall already eating some eggs.

 "I need to get home, Liam is probably wondering about me," Zayn said rubbing his and slightly yawning.

 "Yeah, but first go shower and eat up a bit." Harry said from the kitchen to Zayn, making Niall nod in agreement. 



 Zayn quickly showered, washing away any dirt he had from last night and right now trying to wake up. After his shower Harry brought him some clean clothes while his own were thrown into the washing machine and then into the drier. They all ate Harry's food, being careful not to get food poisoning from it. After Zayn changed back into his clean clothes, Harry got dressed and decided to walk him home. They walked to Zayn's shared flat while talking about things, how Niall drunk the whole 3 bottles of whiskey that was brought to their table last night. The boys laughed about it as they reached the door. Zayn opened the door and looked back at Harry. 



 "Wanna come in?" Zayn smiles back as he put the keys on the small bowl in the center table.

 "Mmm, sure. Niall won't miss me too much." He chuckled