grown and look like twenty-something year old humans, its pretty kinky that he calls you it,” Minseok laughed. Baekhyun punched him in the arm.

               “Stop making everything dirty,” he whined.

 

               The next few weeks, Baekhyun was on edge. Now that it was on his mind, he couldn’t help over thinking when his hybrids cuddled up to him on the couch or in bed, or question when Sehun was particularly cuddly on his lap, or when Chanyeol wound his tail around Baekhyun’s waist  as he walked by. He cursed his coworkers for putting the thoughts in his head, and he cursed them all for pointing out how attractive Chanyeol and Sehun were. Because, unfortunately, Baekhyun wasn’t blind – of course he could see how hot the two were, especially as a pair.

               Baekhyun threw himself into his work to distract himself, and would come home too exhausted to pay much attention to his hybrids other than the necessities. But, Chanyeol and Sehun were definitely noticing.

               Most Friday nights were times when the three of them would pick out a movie or a game to play all together with the knowledge that Baekhyun didn’t have to get up the next morning. The mice always looked forward to this time, especially in the last little bit seeing as to how hard their owner was working, and they were digging through their box of video games when he got home.

               “Baekie!”

               “Daddy!”

               The two raced over to him where he had wandered into the kitchen, digging through the fridge. “Can we play this tonight, Baekie?” Chanyeol shoved an old Zelda game into his hands. Baekhyun just sighed and shrugged.

               “Sure, if you want to,” he said simply before reaching into the fridge, grabbing a beer and wandering back out into the living room. The two hybrids exchanged looks.

               “What’s wrong?” Sehun asked, sitting down beside Baekhyun on the couch with his legs drawn up to his chest and his chin resting on his knees. “Are you mad at us? Did we do something wrong?”

               “No, no,” Baekhyun assured, rubbing over the white-blonde locks between his big mouse ears. “I’m just tired today.”

               “You’re tired every day now,” Chanyeol pouted, sitting on Baekhyun’s other side and leaning heavily into him.

               “Working is hard,” Baekhyun grumbled, tilting back his head to take another gulp of his drink. Sehun wrinkled his nose.

               “Daddy always says alcohol is bad,” He pointed out.

               “Bad for you two,” Baekhyun reminded him. “I can drink it perfectly fine.”

               “Smells bad,” Sehun mumbled, shoving his face into his knees.

               “Come on, Sehunnie,” Chanyeol declared, standing up and putting out a hand for his littermate to take. “If Baekie doesn’t want to play with us, I don’t want to play with him,” the taller mouse hmphed, sending Baekhyun a scowl. Sehun stumbled to his feet, his long legs getting in the way slightly, and followed the brunette up the stairs. Baekhyun sighed and rubbed at his temples.

               He really was being unfair by being so cold to the two of them. They didn’t understand how he was feeling considering he never bothered to really talk to them about anything. They were really just two dumb animals – not as sophisticated as Jongin or Kris who may be able to figure out what’s wrong with their owner – and he was treating them meanly for no real reason. After several minutes, he muttered to himself as he stood and followed after the mice.

               “Guys?” he called as he opened the door, peeking into their shared room.

               Chanyeol was sitting on the floor, his long legs stretched out in front of him, and he was hunched over Baekhyun’s old DS playing a game while Sehun was snuggling into his pile of pillows. They both looked up when he stepped in and glared at him.

               “What do you want?”

               “You’re not allowed in here if you don’t wanna play.”

               “I just wanted to say sorry for being cold to you two,” Baekhyun sighed. “You guys did nothing wrong.” The hybrids looked at each other before staring back at their owner with their black eyes.

               “Why have you been ignoring us?”

               “You haven’t even wanted to play on Fridays.”

               “I know,” Baekhyun nodded, walking over to sit cross legged in front of Chanyeol. “I’ve been working too hard.”

               “You need to take a break,” Chanyeol hummed.

               “I know I do,” Baekhyun agreed. “So, let me make it up to you guys – how about we take a bath and then have a movie night?” Sehun perked up, hugging a pillow to his chest with his ears sticking out happily.

               “Really?” The blonde asked.

               “Yup, and you can pick whatever you want to watch,” Baekhyun assured.

               “What about that creepy Japanese movie Yeolie wants to watch?” Sehun raised an eyebrow.

               “Yeah,” Chanyeol grinned. “The horror one – where the bus