t want to win this (which he was totally gonna do) and then have Cas claim it was only because he had been going too slow.

Well, he wasn’t slow so there. Was actually getting pretty into it. They were young and Dean had an extremely healthy appetite for sex so he wasn’t the least surprised that his dick was already hard enough to ache. Just hadn’t expected Cas to already be dripping, was all.

"You okay over there?" he teased but could hear that his voice didn’t have the right kind of edge to it. Well, he was pretty aroused so it was probably that.

"You worry about yourself, Winchester." Cas gritted out. Yeah, Dean was totally fucking winning this.

"Just…just look like you’re gonna blow, ‘s all."

Cas huffed out another laugh. "What are you talking about, we’re just starting."

He turned his (incredibly) blue eyes on Dean. Fuck, his pupils looked blown, like he was drugged. Did arousal do that? Dean didn’t really remember at the moment.

"I know that." Dean stated heatedly. "You just look like it."

"Watch yourself."

Dean’s hand was moving quickly now. Still long strokes but faster and faster. Cas was flicking his wrist in short tugs over the head. Cas’ dick was a little thinner than Dean’s but probably longer. After Dean won this they should definitely measure. Length and girth.

He looked down at his own dick and paused to smear the gathered precome around the head. The action made him moan lowly. He squeezed harder as he continued stroking, trying to mimic a tight, willing hole.

Then Cas moaned too, louder than Dean and Dean couldn’t help how his eyes flew over to his friend’s face. Cas had his eyes closed and was leaning his thighs against the table they were standing in front of.

"You good?" damn, hadn’t really meant for his voice to get that husky.

Cas nodded jerkily. "Not gonna let you win."

"No cheatin’."

Cas’ hand was moving increasingly faster. When he snaked down his other hand to tug restlessly on his balls it made his hips stutter and he bit his lower lip. Well, shit.

Dean’s hand was moving so fast it looked like a goddamn blur. He leaned his other hand on the table, fucking into his hand more than stroking and it felt so goddamn good he couldn’t help but moaning again.

"That’s right, Dean." Cas muttered, his eyes still closed. "You sound like you need to come, just do it."

"Fuck you." Dean griped but sounded much too breathless for his liking. Because what the fuck? He was the experienced one here, Cas was a newbie compared to Dean when it came to sex.

"Se-seems like you’re content to just fuck your hand."

That little stutter in Cas’ usually so collected demeanor did something to Dean. Bad stuff. And what the fuck had he just said?

"Stop watching me."

"Stop putting on a show."

Fucking hell, Cas’ voice was gravelly all of a sudden. His words made Dean smirk, though. He wriggled his ass and threw his head back, fucking his hand harder. Felt good enough to blow.

"Don’t haveta watch."

"Fuck, Dean."

Yeah, the pleasurable waves were slowly working Dean into overdrive and Cas cussing like that definitely didn’t help. Dean’s dick hurt, his balls were heavy and shitshitshit, he might just come real soon.

"Just l-let loose, Cas." He mumbled. Cas groaned and the table shook when Cas’ thighs hit it hard.

Goddamn, he was fucking his fist now too. It was… It was kind of starting to be too much.

"D-Dean." Cas moaned and okay, hearing his name like that was just too fucking much for Dean, alright? "What-what ab—fuck—what about the table?"

"Huh?" Dean’s mind felt sluggish. Cas was biting his lip again, his eyes scrunched shut. Fuck, he looked almost pained and Dean realized with startling arousal that it was because Cas was trying really hard not to come. Fuck, if Dean just watched him for a few more moments he was going to see Cas’ o-face. Holy shit…

Cas’ hand splayed out on the wood surface of the table. "Is it really okay to c-come on it?"

"Fuck." Dean’s mind kicked into gear but too late. "The fucking towel." He had brought one but where the fuck was it? Not on the fucking table, that was for sure."

"Dean." Cas whined. "Hurry."


Hurry, hurry, get the towel.


But nope, Dean was suddenly so fucking there. Cas was arching his back, fucking his hand, his face contorted in pleasurable pain and Dean was going to come first.

"