say that,” Amélie murmured absentmindedly, hungrily staring at the sticky mess spreading further across her knickers.

Lena licked her lips and reached down to stroke a thumb idly over her girlfriend’s tip, delighting in the small shudder that ran through the body beneath her. She grinned mischievously, pulling her underwear aside to glide across her, curling her hand into a fist to pump Amélie’s throbbing head slowly.

The painted nails gripping Lena's waist tightened and a groan slipped through purple lips. Amélie’s  hips jerked, pushing the tip of her cock through those slender fingers.

Judging from how sticky Amélie felt, Lena must be  soaking, the thought alone making her throb harder.

The fist around her opened, replaced instead by a single finger.

“Look at you,” She whispered with a grin, finger rubbing short, maddening circles at her tip, “so hard for me.”  Amélie's hips bucked again and she gasped. “L-Lena,” she whimpered. “Tu m’excites.”  Lena rolled her hips, prompting a wordless groan. “Tell me what you want.”  A faint purple blush bloomed across Amélie's cheeks. “Inside,” she moaned, a shudder passing through her as Lena's fingernail dug in slightly. “Please.”

“Aw, since you said please, hold 'er up for me?”

Amélie barely hesitated, reaching down to hold herself up vertically for Lena to take a seat, gripping her hip with the intention of pulling her down faster.

Lena, however, had other plans.

Realising what her girlfriend was trying to do, she moved just out of her reach. “Ah ah ah! I'm in charge this time, love. You jus’ lie down and look pretty, I'll do the rest.”

As she finally felt herself prodding against Lena's entrance, Amélie was about to sigh in relief before the heat enveloping her suddenly disappeared. She fought through the lusty haze and found Lena grinning above her, spreading her lips and watching as her tip eased slowly in between dripping folds before pulling away once more.

 “Lena,” she whimpered in frustration, feeling her cock twitch in the cool air.

She received a short chuckle in response, and what felt like sympathy as warmth surrounded her tip once more, sinking down inch by inch, until finally the velvet heat wrapped around her whole length.

Lena moaned softly above her and started to move, rocking her hips slowly, feeling the delicious burn as she adjusted around Amélie. She rose and sank back down in short, quick thrusts, skin slapping against skin with each descent.

“You feel so good, Amé,” Lena sighed happily, dipping her fingers beneath her ruined underwear to rub her clit. A small gasp escaped her lips. “thought 'bout this for quite a bit, y'know.”

Amélie choked out a moan at the sight, wishing she could see exactly what those nimble fingers were up to. She reached down to pull aside the messy fabric, biting her lip hard once she saw how Lena's fingers swiped over her slick folds. She tried to sit up but without success, feeling a hand at her chest pushing her back down into the pillows.

With a hand still on Amélie's chest, Lena leant down and pressed their slick bodies together,  teasingly hovering just above her face - close enough to hear her quiet gasps but not enough to capture her lips. Amélie twitched as she felt Lena's fingers, still furiously rubbing her clit between the thin cloth of her soaked knickers, which were now trapped against her stomach. She whimpered, feeling the damp fabric slide along her skin as Lena's knuckles nudged at her.

Lena’s lips curled into a small smirk as an idea struck her. She pulled her fingers free from her underwear and lifted them upwards, trailing the wet digits lightly along Amélie’s ribs before they reached her mouth.

“Open up, love.” Lena purred, nudging her fingers against the other woman's lips. “You've gone an’ made me all sticky. Need to teach you how to clean up your messes after you.”

Amélie welcomed her fingers gladly, groaning as the sweet taste painted over her tongue. She sucked each finger desperately until the taste barely lingered, bucking her hips as she felt her orgasm approaching. “Lena,” she gasped around her fingers, “I'm going to - I'm - no no non Lena, please,” she sobbed as Lena climbed off of her and the warmth around her cock disappeared.

She watched with frustration and hope as Lena got up to shimmy out of her knickers and kicked them to the side, biting her lip at the obvious wetness smeared over her thighs.  “Poor thing,” Lena cooed as she straddled her once more, lining herself up and sliding her folds teasingly over her shaft. Amélie swore, making Lena snigger. She trailed her fingers softly against the underside of a pale blue breast. “Sit tight, I've gotcha.” Amélie whimpered her name as Lena slowly started to grind against her, this time without the annoying fabric getting in