picks up place, Tooru pays (but only because Hajime took him out the day before).

The winner, of course, is Tooru. While he picks up his clothes and towel, he teases about picking up the most expensive restaurant in town.

“But that’s where we had dinner yesterday.” Hajime says, eyebrows rising.

“Oh, second most expensive, then.”

“Oikawa Tooru is satisfied with the second choice?”

Tooru grins, his eyes crinkling. “Only because you are my first.”

Hajime’s mouth drop as he drags hands down his face. Tooru’s teasing, that’s something he knows how to deal with. This? Tooru being extra affectionate is another level. It is not that he wasn’t like that before. It is just that they are alone and he is still the very same loud and obnoxious Tooru Hajime knows. At the same time, however he is also painfully sincere and all kinds of wonderful. He takes Hajime's hand in his without a single drop of shame, kisses him on his cheek and holds him as if he is the most precious person in the room. Hajime doesn’t really have a word to describe how much he adores him.

“That doesn’t even make sense,” he says at last, his face turning red.

“I know,” Tooru says, kissing his hair.

His hand is warm between Hajime’s shoulder blades and his soft chatter blocks out all worries in Hajime’s head.

“How does chicken sound like?” he asks.

Tooru pretends to think for the longest time, until Hajime stops and frowns.

“Well?”

Tooru kisses his nose, beaming up when Hajime scrunches his face in fake disgust.

“If you insist.”

Hajime scoffs and Tooru laughs. “You know the answer, Hajime. You’re not  that thick.”

Hajime nods, walking away. “You would know.”

Tooru’s laugh grows louder and Hajime doesn’t have it in him to stop him. He likes Tooru happy, after all. Even if it’s for the sake of teasing. He takes Hajime’s hand in his, whispering  indeed  in his ear. It is only 5 in the afternoon, but the sun is already low on the horizon and it never ceases to amaze Hajime how easily glow comes to Tooru. He’s just like that. Bright, dazzling. His.

He lets Hajime pamper him through their dinner, asking for refill and stealing his food despite their identical order. Hajime bats him away, but he always finds his way to Hajime’s plate. It is speciality of his, he supposes. Wiggling his way into every aspect of his life. At this point, everything in Hajime’s life is simpler to just call theirs.

The pleasant buzz of half empty restaurant allows them to linger a little longer than they are used to. Tooru leans back, his feet brushing against Hajime’s thighs. Even checking his phone, Tooru’s reaction is so lively Hajime could watch him forever. He chuckles in one moment, scrunches his face in another. Hajime wants to watch him  forever. Tooru looks up and Hajime is hooked. He leans across the table, putting their plates together.

“We will have this even when the new school year starts, right?”

Hajime flicks his forehead and Tooru whines. “Who’s thick now?”

“Rude.” Tooru grumbles, his lips turning into a slow smile. Hajime is no artist, but he takes special pride in painting smiles on Tooru’s face. The feeling is the same as when he hits the ball Tooru sends to him.

“I expect you to visit me as much as your busy schedule will allow it. Like every week or something.”

Hajime grabs Tooru’s ankle under the table. He doesn’t let go, but his grip is not strong. Tooru could just pull away, if he wanted. He doesn’t. “Likewise.”

“What about in 10 years?”

“What about?”

Tooru leans his chin on his hands, his eyes closed. ”I want you spend time with you even after you get old and bald.”

Hajime pinches him. “What makes you think I will be the bald one?”

Tooru grins, all teeth and surrender. Hajime’s chest hurts in a familiar way.

“I’m not letting you go,” he tells Tooru.

“I’m not letting us go.”

This is how it goes: No matter how fast Hajime runs, no matter how strong he gets, no matter how stubborn he is, in the end Tooru will always be a beat quicker. Just like that game when you say  add one.  Tooru is his one. The one. And the winning answer is that Hajime doesn’t plan to let them go either.

“I have a plan for us,” Tooru says, “you finish your studies, I finish mine. Then, we see what the future holds for us. Perhaps you will find a job abroad and I will play for the national team. We jump in and we do it