maybe the boyfriend suggested a threesome of sorts? But maybe my second friend was just reading too much into it? But that the boyfriend definitely suggested that the first friend have sex with the second friend. And the second friend is definitely considering it. But what if-”



Nick cuts him off. “Harry, can you just explain to me- slowly- what’s going on.”



Harry considers his options for a moment, Nick is his friend, sure he’s a bit big-mouthed but really other than Nick and Aimee, Harry didn’t really care much for other’s opinions. Plus, Nick was good when it truly mattered. “I guess,” Harry starts. “At the club, the other day?” He waits until Nick nods telling him that yes, he knows what club. “I sorta met this bartender? And I kinda got his number?”



Nick grins, “Sorta?”



“Not sorta. Definitely met a bartender.” Harry pouts a bit, wishing Nick wouldn’t get stuck on things like diction.



“That’s why you were so insistent on going back.” Nick smirks.



“Well, yes, but. I think the bartender- Louis, his name’s Louis- I think he has a boyfriend, maybe, sorta? Zayn, the dancer?” 



Nick’s eyebrows shoot up. “Zayn.” Harry’s glad Nick didn’t focus on the sorta, because he definitely does not want to completely admit ZaynandLouis outloud.



“Yeah, Zayn.” Harry repeats, scowling a bit. He doesn’t like how Nick says it, as if Zayn was out of Louis’ league. “Anyway, I like Louis.” He finishes off lamely, that wasn’t even what he had wanted to share- not really- but, well.



“So you like someone who’s taken? That’s it?” Nick says. And Nick doesn’t get it. And Harry isn’t surprised, Nick isn’t really in touch with his feelings, doesn’t care about relationships and commitment and all the things Harry cares about. He couldn’t really expect him to fully understand, he had hoped that Nick would at least offer some advice. Any advice.



Harry shrugs, that wasn’t really it.



Nick raises an eyebrow, “In your hypothetical situation you said that the boyfriend offered a threesome, maybe, possibly? Louis, I’m assuming, can be the face for this boyfriend in this hypothetical situation. And Zayn can be the first friend, just at face value, yeah? And it’s only fair we give a face to this second friend, perhaps you can pretend to be the second friend, yes Harry?” They’re not really questions and Nick goes on. “So, Louis the boyfriend, is with Zayn the friend, and they want to… maybe possibly organize a threesome with you, the other friend.”



Harry shrugs, “Sorta. Maybe. It wasn’t clear.”



Nick smiles. “Jump on it. Zayn’s proper fit. Once in a lifetime opportunity, no?” 



“That is unhelpful, Nick. And I resent you for that.” Harry pouts. “Plus, I’d mentioned that the second friend, maybe possibly perhaps had a little teeny tiny crush on the boyfriend, didn’t I?”



“How tiny?” and Nick knows Harry. He knows that Harry falls and falls hard. Knows that Harry cant just imagine holding someone’s hand after a dinner date, that Harry goes the full nine yards. That Harry jumps straight into wanting to adopt pets and take out a mortgage and meeting parents. Harry shrugs, not willing to admit that he could definitely envision bright blue-eyed children running on a vast green lawn. 



“Oh, Harry.” Nick frowns in slight pity. “I’m sure Louis is lovely, but you know you can’t.” Nick doesn’t have to add the ‘not again’, it’s implied. It hadn’t gone over well last time, it never did. Both Nick and Harry and even Aimee were familiar with that.



“I know, I just.” Harry wishes Aimee was there. Aimee would suggest a threesome and not worry about morning-afters or feelings. “Maybe… I mean… I really like him, Nick.”



Nick frowns. “It’s not worth it, Harry, you know that.”



And the thing is Harry does know that. He knows that no matter how good the nights are it always hurts in the morning when he wakes up alone. He can never do the casual thing. It’s never casual for him.



But maybe, just maybe for Louis it could be worth it. 


 


+++


 


Harry knows he’s got a problem when he’s been walking up and down across the street in front of the entrance of the club three days later. He knows he either has to gather the courage to go inside or walk away. 



He goes inside. 



The show has long been over, the time Harry had spent outside debating his