much.”



“Daddy? Are you gonna take care of me?” the voice is even sweeter now, and Louis’ cock twitches in his pants.



“Yes baby, of course. Gonna be my naughty good girl?” Harry nods again, the pushed back strands of her hair falling forward and trying to break from the hair product holding them stiff. “There’s a good girl, go stand with your hands on the door for me, legs spread.” Harry eagerly springs into action, going the extra mile and curving her back so that perky bum is out and inviting.



Louis pauses a moment to take in the sight, smirking when he catches his girl’s eye over her shoulder again, before stepping up behind her and grinding his hips against that perfect arse.



Even the way Harry moans is different like this, higher and sweeter, and the sound goes straight to Louis’ prick. He presses his chest to his baby’s back, making her arch even more while he nips at her neck.”Gonna eat my baby’s pussy out, make her moan loud enough James doesn’t invite us back for a while. Then I’m gonna fuck her into that ridiculous bed ‘til she’s begging me for release. Gonna fill that tight little cunt up and get my baby girl up the spout, 

having my baby

, right love?”



Before Louis’ finished Harry’s already a writhing mess, chanting “yes”s under her breath and canting her hips back to rub against the bulge in his pants. Smoothing a hand down Harry’s exposed back, Louis keeps her in the position he wants as he straightens up, hips grinding forward one last time before he kneels behind her.



He takes his time, caressing his hands over smooth legs (Harry must have shaven at some point in the day; needed this more than Louis thought) and placing kisses to the back of Harry’s calves, her knees, her thighs. The skirt of the dress falls a couple inches below Harry’s bum like this, and Louis can’t help teasing his teeth along where the hem rests on the back of Harry’s thighs.



“Daddy, Daddy 

please!

” Harry wiggles her hips and arches her arse back even more, keening when Louis brings his palm down on a round cheek with a smack. “Oh! Daddy please, please please please!”



“Please what, baby? What did Daddy say he was going to do? Repeat it for me.” Louis rubs his hands over the silky bum presented to him, loving how the lace feels underneath. He knows Harry likes a bit of embarrassment, knows she’s blushing at the thought of having to say dirty things out loud when she’s like this. An incoherent mumble, and Louis gives her arse another smack. “Louder, tell Daddy what you want. If you’re going to be greedy, you have to say what you want.”



“Daddyyy, please eat my pussy, like you promised, want you to make me messy!” Harry’s voice is breathy in the best way, body swaying backwards towards Louis like she can’t even help it.



“Sshhh, s’alright sweetie, Daddy’s got you. Gonna eat your pretty pussy out.” True to his word, Louis reaches up under the dress and slowly pulls the back of the knickers down over the curve of her arse, flipping the skirt up and groping the perky cheeks. He can see Harry’s lazy tuck has already fallen apart, prick tenting out the front of the knickers and dampening them with pre-come. She’s smooth, front to back to match her legs, and Louis can’t wait to see her skin pink from where his beard will rub. Spreading her open with his hands and thumbs, he blows cool air on that pretty pink pucker and watches it flutter, Harry whimpering where her face is pressed against the door.



Leaning in to flick his tongue over the hole, he takes note that Harry must have wiped herself clean of sweat when she slid the knickers on. All that Louis tastes is 

Harry

, bitter and musky and his, and he dives right in with vigor. He alternates between short teasing licks and long, laving drags of his tongue, letting the tip press just so against Harry’s hole and making her moan.



By the time Harry’s squirming and kicking a foot out, Louis’ cheeks and chin are wet with his own spit and the entire area he’s had his face buried between is flushed with beard burn. It’s when he teases a finger next to where his tongue is fucking her that Harry cries out. “Daddy! Daddy, gonna come, feels so good, can I come please?”



Earning himself an anguished whine when he pulls back, Louis stops touching her all together. “No, don’t come yet. Understand, baby?” when she nods her head with a miserable whimper, he smiles. “Good girl, that’s my good baby. Need help getting on the bed? Can feel how shaky my