stopped thinking altogether and moaned in obvious pleasure. Please God, please just let them leave so Castiel could get off. He was getting beyond the point of even caring about being robbed blind.

The rope was digging in at all the right places and the man was smelling too good, looking so strikingly handsome and unwittingly pressing all of Castiel’s buttons.

Castiel had barely been aware that he had moaned loud enough for the man to hear but the second time there was no doubting it. The man yanked harshly at the ropes and they had been loose enough to begin with that they had crept up his thighs with all this yanking, almost framing his crotch now.

So yeah, Castiel totally flung his head back and moaned deeply.

"Holy shit."

Castiel blinked rapidly and tried to calm his breathing. When he glanced up at the man he could see him staring at Castiel, completely awestruck.

"You like this." It sounded more like a question than the statement Castiel assumed it had been supposed to be. He blushed so hard it hurt his cheeks and immediately looked away.

The man instantly went right up in Castiel’s face again and he jerked back as best he could in his restraints. Oh, the delicious pleasure just zinged up his spine and the burglar could obviously gauge his reaction no matter how hard Castiel tried to conceal it because the man’s face lit up like a Christmas tree.

"Yeah you fucking do. You perv." He straightened with a delighted smirk that somehow took the edge of the insult. Castiel blinked warily up at him. "Hang on."

Hang on what?

The burglar was suddenly on his knees in front of Castiel and oh boy, that really put some images in Castiel’s confused mind. The man looked good down there, like, for real.

And then Castiel felt the rope loosen around his legs. He considered kicking the man but his mind was sluggish from arousal and part of him was too sad to be out of the bindings for him to react normally, or fast enough.

Moments later he found that the man hadn’t really untied him either, but was rather just loosening the rope to retie it and oh. Oh, that was…that…

The man smirked wider when he rose to his feet, apparently satisfied with his work. Castiel was a mess.

The man had rearranged the bindings best he could without untying Castiel’s hands and now the rope really framed Castiel’s crotch. Like really, really. Like the man had actually rearranged Castiel’s dick inside his jeans so that it would lie just right.

"There we go, how’s that?" the man grinned and Castiel looked at him as if he was insane.

Because this was insane. And delicious. And lewd. And Castiel needed to come.

His balls were bunched up and his dick pressed up against his hip, the rope pressing in at just the right angle to make the pressure just shy of enough. He wanted to glare at the man but found himself rolling his hips as much as he could instead. God, the man was good with a rope.

"Mm, you like that, don’tcha?" the man’s voice was rougher around the edges now, his eyes dark as they roved over Castiel’s trembling body and was this really fucking happening?!

Was he seriously tied up and enjoying it while being robbed? He was a freak was what he was.

A freak that needed to come. Christ almighty…

His dick was leaking by now, the wetness almost enough to seep through both his boxers and jeans. He was thrusting abortively as much as the restraints could afford and he was livid at himself but still wanted the burglar to order him around.

The man was just looking at him, though. Just standing there with his head cocked to the side, his eyes dark with what Castiel was hoping (and starting to believe) was lust.

"There we go." The man said in a husky voice that made Castiel moan again. And then the game just up and changed because the man pulled just fucking right at the rope and one of the knots came up and under Castiel’s balls and fuck.

He whined, threw his head back, and bore down on the knot, pressing it as hard against his perineum as he could. God, it felt so good. His whole body jolted with the pleasure and it burned so good in his lower back. Simmered there and flared up occasionally in spikes that made him moan like a bitch in heat.

And for all his bucking and tugging the ropes felt unyielding. The bindings were just loose enough that he was able to move that fraction that gave him some friction but he very soon started to get desperate.

The restricting part was fueling his arousal somewhat fierce but it was also hindering his release and God how he needed.

"Fucking hell, dude." The burglar mumbled and Castiel cracked his eyes open to look at him. He felt sweaty and gross but the man was looking at him as he was a piece of artwork.

He made an embarrassingly pathetic sound at the back of his