here?”

"You’re really smart, comfortably fuzzy and you have amazing hair," Steve offered, as Bucky sat back and pushed the hair out of his own face. "Besides, as slow as you have to go, you make every second of it an experience."

Bruce blushed, pleased, looking away and tightening his arms across his chest as he leaned back in the chair.

"We should do this more," Clint said decisively. "Just get together every couple of weeks, without Stark, and you guys can pass Steve around like a bong."

Everyone laughed, and Steve let it simmer down into a smirk before he relaxed back into Bucky’s lap.

"I’ll wear looser pants," he said.


The next time they met, it was in Natasha’s Manhattan apartment, the poshness of which surprised no one, especially not Clint, who’d crashed on her lovely leather sofa at least a dozen times. By the time the pizza was gone and those who could get drunk were starting to feel the buzz, Steve was straddling Thor’s lap, one hand on his chest, the other in his hair. Thor’s hands on Steve’s thigh and back, and every pause for breath started with him sucking Steve’s bottom lip while Steve ground into his stomach.


"Aww, shit," Clint muttered. "That is ridiculously hot.”

"Are the shirts coming off, or are you two feelin’ shy?" Bucky asked, rotating his long necked beer bottle lazily with his right hand.

Thor immediately started tugging on Steve’s shirt, which made him laugh.

"We’re takin’ audience requests now?" Steve asked Thor, cocking his head to one side.

"It’s no different than usual," Thor pointed out. "Merely James rather than Lady Jane."

Clint groaned. “Less talking, more kissing. And grab his ass again.”


"Hey, I’m having steaks sent up to the penthouse, if anybody wants to join us," Tony announced.


"I have a thing," Clint said.

"Me, too," Natasha said, jerking a thumb at Clint. "Same thing."

"Bruce?" Tony said, beaming at him.

"Uh," Bruce furrowed his brows and looked toward his feet. "I- I have plans."

"Raincheck, Stark," Steve said smoothly. "Guys?"

Bucky and Sam gave Tony a shrug before following Steve toward the elevators.

"Next time, friend Anthony," Thor assured him, following the trail. "Hold! I will accompany you."

Tony looked at Pepper and Rhodey when everyone else had left, frowning, his brow wrinkling in distress. “Did I do something?”


"I’m starting to feel guilty about this," Bruce murmured, running his fingers through Steve’s hair.


"I knew Banner would be the weak link," Clint complained. "He’s practically Stark’s second boyfriend."

"I’m not!" Bruce retorted. "Look, I just- it’s mean, okay? It’s kind of mean, that’s all. He’s starting to think he did something."

"He didn’t do anything in particular," Steve said, frowning and shifting so it looked a little bit less like he was going to start blowing Bruce any minute- although he had been really tempted about five minutes earlier. "He’s just so- Stark.”

"He looks like his dad," Bucky noted. Thor, Sam and Natasha were on the couch this time. Bucky was on the floor, between Sam’s knees, as Sam was putting braids in his hair at random. Clint was perched in the easy chair, Steve and Bruce on the loveseat. "Only Howard was about ten times cuter."

"Howard could be a jerk, too, though," Steve said, rolling his eyes. "Useful, generous, good in a tight situation, but after hours you wanted to deck him at least once a week."

"I can think a fella’s cute and still want to punch him in the face," Bucky retorted. "Also, and no offense, Bruce, Clint- Tony’s like, what, fifty?"

Steve snorted.

"He’s forty-five," Bruce said, frowning. "And you’re almost a hundred."

"I’m hot," Bucky said, shrugging, unrepentant. "Also, Steve was mine first. You’re all borrowing him from me. Except Sam. Sam has infinite access."

"I’m touched," Sam said with an incredulous smile, tying off another braid with a tiny black elastic.

"Okay," Steve said, "We’re going to have to at least give him some hints before we tell him the truth."

"We’re gonna have to tell him sooner than later," Sam said, gesturing with his box of Red Hots. "Rhodey is definitely interested.”

Steve perked up immediately. “He said so?”

"Please," Sam rolled his eyes. "I have the best damn radar for who I