I was just playing a game and you cuss at me!" when the hell are they all talking about!?!?

"No I didn’t!" I’m starting to get even more worked up. 

"yeah yams and I were sitting on the couch here like this," Connie grabs yams and then run over to the couch and sit down, I can just see the top of his head over the cushions.  "See. And then I told you not to make love to your coffee." I freeze.

"No...” I breathe out. "Yams..." she stands up and rests her elbows on the back of the couch.”Oh my gosh..."she stares at me and I run a hand through my hair sighing, I called her a bitch and hurt her feelings... she looks down and then glances back at me.

"Nanass?" I glance up and I want to just scream. "Did you see me?" I shake my head. "Then its cool." she give me a grin and I give her a small smile in return. 

"See he's a total softie, I kne-" Eren was hit upside the head again by Eld.

~~~

I exhale the last bit of smoke, then toss the cig and step on the butt. I walk back into the dorm from dropping Cit off at her place. I swear trying to get her to leave was a huge pain, I saw the tears in Sasha’s eyes. Everyone was putty in her little chubby hands, and I know they understand my love for the girl. Hanji gave me a small wave and I notice they replaced the candy dish with a dish of muffins....I guess this Marco ‘nice guy’ is one hell of a stress baker. I walk up the stairs and open the door and see everyone all piled up on the couch and people even sitting lap-sies. I notice yams has the camera and she turns around as I walk in grinning, hmm she got that shit off her face. She smiles at me and I roll my eyes. I start to walk past all of them and go back to my room.

“Are you gonna say it now?” I pause and look at her, what is she talking about? “It’s later....” she looks back at the camera and then at me, everyone glances up and I just roll my eyes and keep walking. I get to Connie’s and I hear her sigh and it sounds upset. I sigh and deadpan. I walk backwards and she looks up with a stupid hopeful smile. I roll my eyes and take a deep breath. 

“I’m Batman.” I grumble out in my best Christopher Nolan impression. She smiles and I see her start to turn red and just for good measure I add, “SWEAR ON ME!” and the I quickly walk to my room as I hear her erupt into giggles and a few others start to join in. I quickly lock my door and pop some head phones in, as I smile to myself. Judging by the laughter I totally nailed it. 

~~~
Notes from Meat!!!
~~~
Tada!! heres a nice holder for the next week! we will start posting Every Friday, we were supposed to the previous Friday but we got distracted with work and other fun stuffs -_-
But enjoy kids!

Chapter 5, Carmel Flan Latte, whole milk 

October 18th Sunday, 3:50pm.

I popped my head phones on as I select classic rock on Pandora, I had turned my music up so no one would come knocking on my door for more batman jokes and quotes. I knew I shouldn’t have said anything but Yams sounded so sad that I was going to ignore her...i may or may not like to spoil kids. I walked to my cracked balcony door opening it up and pull in the torn painting of Cit. I sighed and set in my art corner. The paint was smudged and since it sat outside over night it got dew on it and the canvas is slightly stretched, it’s just all over ruined. I sigh even though I can’t hear it. ‘Sugar, Sugar’ starts to play and I take a deep breath. Ok time to look at the cursed item, I have to face my fear of it. I turn slowly and open my closet and look at said item. The hanging garment bag, I put it in there in case someone sees it. I look down and see the box with the finishing item in it shoved in the corner below the ends of the garment bag. I unzip the bag and peak in, the dreadful silky gold material stares back at me. 

I zipped the bag up and closed the door. I don’t really wanna think about it till I HAVE to wear it. But I don’t wanna let Christa down so I pause my music and pull up you tube. I quickly type what I need to look up in the search bar and hit enter. 

 

~~~

 

None of these look like her! I roll my eyes and I hold back a groan. I’ve watched a good 20+ videos and only