things got more physical between them.  They found that they both wanted to take the same role in the bedroom.  Tony Stark had been with men, women and everything in-between, but no one had ever topped him.  He was Tony Stark after all.  He wasn't about to give up control.  Bruce, on the other hand had only been with one man before Tony, and he had spent years trying to forget that experience.  He knew letting Tony top would inextricably link that memory to sex with Tony, and he couldn't bear the thought.  Futhermore, he didn't want to risk an onslaught of bad memories triggering the Hulk while he and Tony were being intimate.

In the end, Bruce had given an ultimatum.  Either Tony put aside his pride and bottomed, or sex was out of the question.  The billionaire had reluctantly complied.  He let Bruce take charge, and then had even given in to the silent request to cuddle that had been written all over Bruce's face afterward.  

Tony will never admit it, but actually loves it when Bruce tops, because it he reminds him of just how much he can trust Bruce.  Just like he actually loves cuddling afterward because it's a clear expression of the love, safety and support he has in his relationship with Bruce.  It's all an expression of what makes Bruce so much more special than any of his previous bed partners, and he treasures the reminder.

Despite Tony's stubborn, prideful silence on the subject, Bruce knows how he feels.  He won't tell Tony he knows, but he's quite relieved in his silent knowledge, because topping and cuddling clearly differentiate Tony from . . .him . . .and allow him to enjoy making love to Tony.

All in all, he and Tony had a good thing going.  He loved Tony in a way he had never loved anyone before.  But all good things must come to an end.  Well, at least for Bruce, they did.  And usually sooner rather than later.

Bruce sat staring into his tea and thought about scars, and anchors, and wings.  He mulled over the similarities and difference between Betty and Tony.  Anything to keep his thoughts from straying to the figure sitting three tables over from him and Tony.

He had noticed the man immediately when he and Tony had entered the coffee shop, but he didn't appear to notice them.  He may not even remember Bruce at all.  So Bruce had kept silent, even as he wanted to ask Tony to leave.

"You look pretty lost in thought over there, Big Guy," Tony commented over his espresso.

"Yeah, sorry.  Miles away," Bruce returned with a weak grin.

"No problem.  Are you alright?" he asked.

Bruce considered a moment.  Tony would know he was lying if he said he was fine, but he didn't know how much he wanted to tell him.  He had thought he was past what had happened that night in college, but apparently he was wrong.  Still, telling Tony would mean letting him in on a part of his life he wished had never happened.

"Bruce?  It is you!" the man he had been hoping wouldn't noticed him said as he walked over and interrupted Bruce's thoughts.

Bruce froze as he approached, and Tony puzzled why Bruce seemed so upset by the presence of the seemingly friendly stranger.

"Jake, from college, remember?  Remember that really wild night during that kegger in your dorm room?" Jake pressed.

Bruce still stayed rooted to his spot as images from that night flashed in front of his eyes.  "Wild night."  The look in Jake's eyes had been wild as he held Bruce down.  As he forced him into submission.

"Really?  Bruce doesn't strike me as the wild type.  I can't really imagine that," Tony said, his tone cautious as he noticed Bruce's reaction, but still had no explanation for it.

"He just needs a lot of help loosing up.  Don't you, Bruce?  Although I suppose you'd know that, huh, being the new 'boyfriend' and all?" The man commented, his voice heavy with innuendo.

"Excuse me?" Tony shot back sharply, starting to piece together that there was something very wrong going on here, but still not quite sure what it was.

Across the table, Bruce had gone pale.  Completely against his will, his mind had gone back to that night.  To sloppy, fumbling hands all over him as he was told to 'loosen up'. To taunts of how he was so tight, ('must be from that stick you constantly have up your ass'), as he was invaded.  He tried to stop the flow of memory, but he couldn't.

Jake ignored Tony's statement and turned his full focus on Bruce as he continued his taunting, "Is that why you went for him?  Someone with a reputation for not taking no for an answer?  A wild, party boy?  Someone who's had hundreds of partners?