. His hands found their place on Samandriel's hips, but he only kissed back for a half second before he was pulling away, faking a smile for his character but feeling only nerves rustle in his chest. His heart was racing and it had no right to. 

Samandriel's face was too close, and as Adam stared into those blue eyes, the smile faded from his face slowly, replaced by a much more open expression. Samandriel was still smiling, faintly, and Adam could feel the gentle hands touching the back of his neck, the base of his hairline. 

"Very nice!" Lucifer cried in his very fake Italian accent. He made wild motions and kissed his hand, whipping his arm out to the side. "Magnifico!!" It was really obvious that he was trying not to laugh, when he had Adam and Samandriel's attention again. 

The bell rang through the studio, and the hands dropped from Adam's neck, space wedged between them as Samandriel stepped away. 

They didn't speak. Adam gathered his binder and ducked out of the theater as fast as possible. 

 

It was two days later that Adam was cornered in the hallway when he came late to class. Lucifer and Michael had been standing outside the theater entrance, and when Adam walked toward them, they closed the wooden doors and crossed their arms. Lucifer was smirking, while Michael looking darkly disapproving. 

Adam wasn't intimidated. He shifted his binder in his hands and looked at the both of them, having a feeling what they were going to pull but at the same time assuming they wouldn't dare on school property. "What's up, guys?" 

"You're a fag," Michael spat, tactlessly. 

"Last time I checked, this was drama class. Do you think every actor who's played a gay character is homosexual? Lots of them are married to women, you know." Adam's tone was bland, unconcerned. Cheeky in its own right. 

"That wasn't acting, bro," Lucifer said, joining in as he pulled the familiar camera out of his jacket pocket. He pressed a few buttons and then turned it around, showing the moment after the kiss, when the two of them had been staring at each other. A moment that Adam hadn't expected him to catch on film. 

"You guys aren't that good at acting. The only reason he picked a girl character is probably because he was fucking queer for you anyway." Michael was saying. He uncrossed his arms and stepped forward. "But that's wrong," he said, "It's against the bible. Queers aren't allowed to be together, it's not how love works." 

"I'm an atheist," Adam told him. He looked at Lucifer boredly. "Can you just let me go in now? Honestly, this is stupid. Stop being childish." 

"You'd like that wouldn't you?" Michael taunted, "You just want to get in there and go see your little boyfriend." 

Adam rolled his eyes and decided that enough was enough. He didn't have to stand there and listen to them going on about homosexuals, and he certainly wasn't going to attempt getting past them. There were other doors to the theater from the basement. 

Adam shrugged and turned around, heading down the hallway toward the stairwell. 

"That's it?" Michael called after him, "You're not going to argue? Tell us we're wrong?" 

"What's the point?" Adam called back, not turning around as his voice echoed too loud down the hallway. There weren't classrooms on this side of the building, only the swimming pool, gym, and theater, so noise wasn't going to interrupt any class discussions. The sports rooms were pretty well soundproof. 

He didn't have to turn around to know Lucifer and Michael were following him, and he didn't have to stop to hear the footsteps coming his way. He was nearing the end of the hall, but even going into the staircase wasn't going to make this any better. He slowed to a stop and turned around, dropping his binder on the floor and raising his hands as he kicked it aside. His hands balled into fists. 

"If you're worried about being a good Christian, I'm pretty sure it doesn't say anywhere that 'thou shall beat up the gays'." 

"God is forgiving," Michael answered as he rolled up the sleeves of his red hoodie. "He'll forgive me." He turned a hard glare on Adam. "But there are some things so disgusting even he won't forgive them." 

"Pretty sure I won't lose my ticket to 'redemption' or whatever with one kiss, but alright. Bring it, you homophobic loser." 

Michael moved forward and Adam was the one who threw the first punch when he got into range. It became immediately obvious, however, when Michael caught his fist, that he stood no chance here.