that? ' Lisa stated trying to sound sad, placing her hand over her heart, pouting. What even was this bitch? 

' Lisa, you should've known there was going to be an ' incident ' sooner or later, sweetheart. Summer, by the way who the fuck names their child after a fucking season of the year? Summer, should have known too. What kind of child are you raising that literally asks for a peanut-butter fucking sandwich when she's ' deathly allergic ' to that shit. I mean, what the fuck else does it look like, other then shit? Either way she was asking for either a peanut butter sandwich or she thought that shit was a literal shit sandwich, in which both she can not eat. My kid was just kind enough to not be a bitch and share, because he's a sweet little angel. Now if you don't mind me hoe, I think your daughter needs to step up to the plate, and explain why she accepted that meal in the first place. ' 


' Are you inferring my child is ' d u m b '? ' 



' Well, I wasn't fucking saying she was smar- '


Before Louis could finish his rant, a knock was heard at the door. The principal jumped out of her seat, racing to open the door getting a fresh air of what feud-free oxygen feels like. Instead when she opened it, her senses filled with a mint smell, as she looked out to see Harry smiling gently at her, waiting to be welcomed in. She felt so bad that the man had to be pulled from such a drama free environment into a cat fight so quickly. Now or Never, right? 

' Aahh, Harry! C'mon in! ' 

Karen had been going off on Louis for saying ' the only way you'll get laid again is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait ' . He'd been saving that one for quite a while, but was glad he had, or else he would've been using an already used insult, and Louis was not an unoriginal hoe, that's for sure. When they heard the door click open once again, all eyes turned back to the door watching a tall curly haired man walk into the small room with a Packers t-shirt on, and some grey sweatpants. Louis, could feel the extra two sets of eyes still lingering over Harry in disbelief.

Louis smiled to himself, watching Karen and Lisa go quiet for a second. They'd never seen who his alleged ' husband ' was, and always assumed he lied about being married to a ' YSL Model Worthy ' man. These hoes really didn't know who they were fucking with. 

' Hey baby. ' Harry said kissing Louis' cheek as he sat down in a seat identical to his, smile still showing his dimples, drawing his attention back to the principal. 

The principal always favored Harry over Louis ( just a bit ), and always assumed he'd be the one to sign up for PTO, but he'd presumably been too busy with with his boxing career. No one would ever assume a man like Harry, so chill and calm, would be into fighting others for a living, but that's what made him feel like he could protect his family. He only did the best for them, and Louis fell head over heels for him for the very same reason. 

The tattoo littered arms were soon reaching out in front of him, signaling as a gesture to shake hands with the women ahead of them, but Louis was having none of that nice harry shit right now. They needed to be a powerful couple, at the moment. So, before Lisa could get her filthy boney hands wrapped around Louis' husband's own fingers, he pulled away Harry's hand and put on his serious face, rather then the just recent fond face. 

' Don't try to act innocent now, Lisa. You wanted to start a fight, let's go. ' 

Lisa rolled her eyes at Louis, and Harry could visibly feel his husband go tense. If he didn't try to calm the smaller man, he would be dealing with two screaming ladies with bloody noses, and a heated Louis; neither did he want. 

' Louis, your husband is obviously nothing like you. He seems to know how to handle a situation clearly, so why don't you let him do the talking now, hmm? ' 


' Lisa, your husband is obviously going bald from that annoying mouth you run every minute, so why don't you shove a stapler up you- '


Louis was hushed by a hand flying up to cover his mouth, knowing Harry was the one stopping him from talking any further. The principal took control of the conversation immediately after realizing where it was about to go. 

' Alright, why don't we think of a solution for this little problem we have? ' 

' Well, yeah but we might need options. Not everyone can seem to agree on everything we