t know if it will ever be possibile, but he can't just give up on the farm that meant so much to both his parents. The barn is not exactly warm and cozy, but it's better than sleeping outside.  Pulling the threadbare blanket up to his chin, he wills himself to fall asleep. He dreams of fists and laughter and the spinning blue sky overhead, watches his blood drip slowly onto the sand and run away in rivulets. The sun overhead is white and cold, and he lies in the dirt while the desert watches unaffected.  ''Merlin.''  A voice is calling for him, worried and gentle, and Merlin tries to turn towards it, struggling against his binds. Then a hand touches his shoulder, and Merlin wakes with a start. For a moment he doesn't know what's real and what's not, afraid he's back in the desert and about to have a rope put around his neck. His heart is beating like crazy, but when he blinks his eyes open they stare right into the deep blue of Arthur's, who is crouched next to him with a frown on his face.  ''Merlin? What are you doing here?''  Fear turns to mortification, when Merlin realizes he has been found out.  He swallows. ''Is Gwen alright?'' he asks, as much to avoid Arthur's question as out of  honest concern.  ''She will be. She's with Lance.''  ''Oh. That's good. We locked up Valiant, like you said.''  Arthur's expression darkens. ''Good.''  ''You did a right number on him. Even Gwaine was impressed and--''  ''Merlin.''  ''Yeah?''  ''What are you doing here?''  Merlin ducks his head. ''What does it look like?'' he mumbles defensively.  ''It looks like you were trying to sleep here, but I have no idea why you would do that. Especially when there's a hotel right down the street.''  ''Please, Miss Kathrina's rooms are infested with rats and cockroaches. No, thank you.''  ''Of course,'' Arthur remarks dryly. ''And you're much too sophisticated to put up with that.''  ''You know me. I'm fastidious.''  Arthur laughs and shakes his head a little.  ''Come on,'' he says, touching Merlin's shoulder again before he gets up himself, looking down at Merlin expectantly.  ''Where are we going?''  ''The saloon. You'll freeze out here, and I have more than enough room and blankets for the both of us.''  Merlin wants to object, but it is cold and so he follows Arthur back to the saloon and up the stairs to the gallery.  Arthur's room is deliciously warm due to a woodstove sitting in one corner and spacious enough to fit a dresser, a washstand and a rather large, carved bed that Merlin studiously tries not to look at too closely. Now that he's in such close and private quarters with the man he's been fantasizing about, he feels awkward and nervous all of a sudden.  Arthur's mood is sombre though, his thoughts obviously still on the events of the night.  ''From the way Mordred told the story, you were amazing,'' Merlin tries to lighten him up. ''There was some severe hero worship going on, that I can tell you.''  ''I'm no hero,'' Arthur says dismissively, his lips pressing into a hard line.  ''But you did a good thing tonight.''  ''Morgana Le Fay sees that differently. She thinks what happened to Gwen is my fault.''  Merlin doesn't immediately know how to counter that, and he must have remained silent for too long, because Arthur rounds on him with an accusing look in his eyes.  ''You think the same!''  ''No! I don't. It's just...''  Merlin bites his lip, shifting on his feet nervously. He doesn't quite know how to raise that issue with Arthur.  ''Just what, Merlin? Spit it out!''  ''Well... I think by now you realize the girls will do their business anyway, whether you allow it in the saloon or not?''  ''I'm not an idiot Merlin. But what do you want me to do? You think I should listen to Morgana? To take advantage of these girls under the cloak of making it easier for them? ''  He sounds angry now, agitated even.  ''Do you honestly think any one of them would do what they're doing, if they had a better option in life? Isn't it mightily arrogant of you to judge them for that when you inherited this saloon without any effort on your part?''  ''I'm not judging them,'' Arthur objects. He's started pacing the length of the room. ''I just don't want any part in it. And I don't want to make it easier for the men who abuse them!''  ''Valiant had it pretty easy tonight. And you became part of it the moment you helped Gwen. Do you regret that