’s an omega. It’s just in case Ma, I swear, just in case I can’t protect them,” Michael explains, happy when his mother relaxes and kisses his head before leaving. 

 Michael turns his attention back to Luke and smiles gently at him. “I’ll go get that pill while you finish washing up,” he says and goes to his room. He comes back and has Luke take the pill before handing him a towel. “You can stay in the guest room tonight, there’s some fresh clothes there and there’s a lock to keep me out when your next wave of heat hits,” he explains. “I’m the only alpha in this house.” 

 Luke nods. “Thank you so much,” he whispers. “You’re the nicest alpha I’ve ever met.” 

 Michael smiles and leads the boy to the room. “If you need anything then let us know,” he says softly before letting Luke have some privacy. 

-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-

 It isn’t until almost midnight when Michael hears the soft whimpers and can smell Luke’s heat. His eyes darken and he grips the sheets on his bed before growling and going to the guest room where he scratches at the door. “Fuck, you smell so good,” he groans through the locked door. He hears Luke moan out and bites his lip because he knows the boy just came. 

 It goes on like that all night, on and off. Michael desperately jerks his cock for release because he knows if he gets in that room that he won’t be able to control himself with Luke. 

-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-

 The next day, when Luke is feeling better, Michael helps him walk home and also helps him explain what happened. He walks Luke to his room where the omega hugs him tightly. “Thank you so much for helping me, I’m so thankful!” Luke whispers. 

 Michael is surprised at the contact but holds Luke gently, kissing his cheek. “I’m glad I could help. I wish I would’ve gotten there before you were even hurt,” he says honestly as they pull back from the hug. He talks with Luke for a while, leaving the adorable and shy omega with his number. “Call me when your heat is over. We can hang out and I’ll be sure you can get suppressants,” he assures before leaving. He doesn’t see the adoring look in the omegas eyes. 

Michael doesn't see Luke for another three weeks but he doesn't forget the boy with milky skin and blue eyes that he wants to brighten.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 Luke’s heat doesn’t end until a week later then he’s back on his suppressants. It isn’t until another two weeks after when Michael sees Luke again. 

 “Why the fuck aren’t pregnant with my kid?” Michael hears an alpha voice roar from around the corner where he’s walking around aimlessly. He hears a whimper then a slap of a hand to a face. “Why the fuck do you think I knotted you, huh?” 

 “I—I took the m-morning after p-pill,” he hears a scared voice whisper, barely audible. He recognizes the voice instantly and speeds up to the commotion. 

 “Why?!” the bigger alpha shouts. The omega, who Michael can now clearly see is Luke, cowers back against the wall. 

 “Well clearly because he doesn’t want to have a kid with some scumbag who preys on innocent, vulnerable omegas,” Michael growls, making the other alpha drop Luke and turn to him. 

 Michael stands tall, not afraid when a punch is thrown at him. He easily ducks from it then tackles the opponent into the wall harshly. He watches him fall before continuously punching him until he’s unresponsive. He backs up, breathless with bloody knuckles and pants as he stares angrily at the form of the knocked out alpha on the ground. 

 Michael snaps back into reality when he feels a body slam against him and arms enveloping him tightly. “Michael!” Luke breathes when he feels Michael’s arms wrap around his waist gently. “Oh thank you, I’m so weak. Thank you,” he whispers. 

 Michael shushes Luke softly and nuzzles into his neck. He bares his teeth protectively against Luke’s skin and lets himself get lost in his scent. He grazes his teeth against Luke’s neck as if he is going to bond him then pulls back when his mind is foggy. “God Luke, gave me another scare,” he says. 

 Luke blushes as he slowly pulls back from the hug, body tingling from Michael’s actions. “I…I’m sorry Mikey,” he says and blinks at Michael. “I should’ve called you, or sent you a text. I’m just…nervous,” he shrugs and looks down now. 

 Michael cups Luke’s jaw softly. “He slapped you pretty hard Luke, come back to mine and I’ll get you some ice. My friends and I are having movie