," Cas replied sarcastically, peering up at Dean unabashedly while licking a vertical stripe up his lover's rigid cock. He grinned at the tip, keeping the spongy head against his tongue and savoring the weight of it. 

"Such a punk," Dean grit through his teeth, giving Castiel's hair a little tug before soothing the spot and urging him forward. 

Cas responded with a proud 'mmhm,' and another appreciative lick, this time parting his lips around his shaft as he tongued the velvety skin there. His eyes traveled up to meet Dean's every so often, silently gauging his reaction while unraveling the threads of his composure one suck at a time.

By the time Castiel had ducked down between his legs and taken to sucking his balls, Dean was a panting and sweating "Fuck yeah, suck those balls, baby," Dean let out jaggedly, gulping down a moan and spreading his legs more when Cas continued to slide his bottoms down the rest of the way. He dragged his incisors over his lower lip when Castiel began to rut into the sheets, watching the desperate swivel of his hips as he ground his neglected cock into the bed. Despite how much of a little asshole Castiel was being that evening, Dean took pity on him. 

Sitting up, he tugged his shirt off the rest of the way and cast it onto the floor carelessly. His hands hovered at Castiel's shoulders, waiting until that glorious mouth of his slid off of his cock with a lewd pop before he reached down and scooped him up beneath his arm pits to prop him up on his knees. They kissed again; however, this time Dean dominated the kiss early on, cradling the back of Cas' head while sliding a hand down the center of his chest. 

He licked every inch of his mouth, tasting his tongue and teeth with earnest and pulling away with a low groan and a smirk. "You taste like come and strawberries. You look like you'd taste like that, wearing those little panties with those lips all pink from sucking cock," Dean commented in a gravely voice.

Castiel inwardly thanked whatever higher power had compelled him to eat those strawberries before crawling into bed that night and laughed giddily, licking his lips when Dean's grin widened. "Other parts of me taste even better," Cas replied coyly, gasping when Dean finally cupped his groin through his underwear. "Dean," he whimpered, expression bordering on a pout as he gazed up at his partner with needy eyes. 

"Still mad, sweetheart?" Dean teased, rubbing up and down slowly with one hand while the other toyed and circled one of his nipples. 

"Yeah." Now he was full on pouting and goddammit, could that kid pout. Sometimes Dean could resist the puppy dog eyes but tonight was certainly not one of those times. 

"That's a shame," Dean sighed, still squeezing and palming at his straining cock, "I was going to open up that little ass just the way you like." 

That certainly got Castiel's attention. His eyes widened in a subtle panic; Dean could practically see the gears in his head turning as he tried to think of what he could do to get his way without caving in entirely. Once it clicked, that smart ass smile graced Castiel's lips once again, making Dean's eyebrow pique in curiosity. 

"Well, I guess you don't have to," Cas breathed deep to regain his composure and leaned forward on his knees while trailing a single finger between Dean's pectorals, "but I was really looking forward to showing off that nice, big plug you got for me last week." 

Dean's mouth went dry, his lips parting in paralyzing lust when Castiel punctuated his statement with a harsh poke to his chest. How Cas managed to stay one step ahead of him was dumbfounding but Dean simply didn't have it in him to complain--not tonight, anyways. 

"You're wearing it?" Dean's composure faltered momentarily, his Adam's apple bobbing heavily as his emerald eyes darted from Castiel's backside to his bright blue irises. 

"I put it in after you fucked me out this morning and went to work," Cas replied bluntly, batting those dense lashes and scrunching his nose once. 

"Fucking...Christ, Cas," Dean practically growled, pushing the younger man down and flipping him onto his stomach before eagerly yanking his panties down to expose the rounded, square base of the plug hiding between his cheeks. "That is so...ridiculously hot," Dean concluded, shaking his head and tracing his mouth with his index finger and thumb. 

Castiel grunted and smiled at the rough manhandling, humming when Dean hoisted his hips up and nudged his knees apart to put him on display. "Like that, baby?" Cas teased, sapphire eyes peaking over his shoulder. 

"No, I hate it," Dean teased back, harshly gripping a generous handful of one of his glutes while taking in the downright pornagraphic scene unfolding before him. "You went to the market like this, baby?" The very idea made his cock twitch. 

"Yeah."