no time to get Liam’s boxer briefs off before Liam is spreading the precum that as accumulated on Niall’s cock on and around his head.

He’s pushing up against Liam now, whimpering into the brunette’s hair as Liam has now taken the liking of making small love bites on Niall’s shoulder. He can feel the rake of his teeth against his skin, the soft sucking of his skin, and he swears Liam has gotten better at this teasing in the last five minutes then he ever has before. Something he credits the camera on them for.

“Li- Mmm, Li I want to suck your cock please.” He whimpers, and Liam stopped in the middle of his next love bite to look up at the Irishman, his chocolate orbs growing darker by the second. He nods, moving so his body is now hovering over the smaller males and smirks as he straddles Niall’s torso.

Niall is having a hard time registering what Liam is doing until he feels the nudge of a blunt head poking at his lips and he’s smirking as he allows Liam to slide his cock in his mouth. Liam’s eyes automatically close as he inches deeper into that warm mouth, and Niall’s hands grasp Liam’s ass to pull him up further to get better access.

Moments pass, and neither boy have really no idea how it ended up Liam face fucking him, but they aren’t complaining as Liam moans louder, and Niall happily take every inch he can get of his lovers dick. Niall is so lost in hearing those wicked groans coming out of Liam’s mouth, that a gasp escapes him when he feels a firm grip on his own cock. His eyes open to see Liam smirking down at him as he tugs him.

“God Ni, you look so pretty sucking my cock. I wanna feel you moan around it.” He says, and before Niall can suck a groan from him in response, Liam is flipping himself over and god, Niall hasn’t witnessed this side of Liam before.

Liam’s mouth is now around his dick as Niall continues to suck on his. They pull and suck and lick and fondle, pulling moans from one another until both are a heaving mess. Before Niall can stop to tell Liam that if he doesn’t stop he’s going to come, he feels fingers against his entrance. Liam is playing against it as he’s sucking Niall off, and it takes all he has not to shoot his load in Liam’s mouth.

“Li, I can’t, I’m going…” he trails off as he tries sticking Liam’s cock back in his mouth to get his mind off the building eruption in his lower abdomen. Liam either doesn’t hear him or doesn’t care because he just continues, swirling his tounge around Niall’s length and bobbing his head up and down while his fingers play with his hole.

Within minutes, Niall feels himself release inside Liam’s warm mouth as he makes little grunting noises, his eyes snapping closed, as Liam doesn’t let up, getting as much liquid as possible out of him before swallowing it. Niall is feeling boneless as Liam swings his leg around and is now sitting on his haunches between the boy’s legs peering down at his boyfriend.

“Li, god damn.” Niall manages to say, but his eyes stay shut as feels Liam shift off the bed, knowing what he’s gone to get. The bed dips again once Liam is back, and Niall doesn’t have to look to know that Liam is lubing himself up and rolling a condom on. The snap of the bottles lid being shut causes Niall’s eyes to finally open, finding his Liam licking his lips as his fingers circle the puckered hole and slides one finger in with minimal restraint.

Liam is looking at him surprised, knowing it’s never been this easy to slide the first one in and Niall is blushing, he can feel the heat reaching all the way down his chest. Liam is shaking his head at this and leaning down and kissing his lips, and then everywhere the blush has hit his body as he slides another finger in with much more resistance.

Now Liam is working him open, scissoring him as his lips find Niall’s once again to kiss it softly. As Liam’s tongue slips into Niall’s mouth, Liam hits the bundle of nerves inside Niall and he’s again hard against Liam’s lower stomach. It doesn’t go unnoticed, but Liam doesn’t do anything about it for the time being, as he’s too busy finger fucking him and probing his mouth is his tongue.

Once Liam is satisfied that Niall is prepared, his mouth leaves Niall’s and Niall is whimpering at the loss of not only Liam’s lips, but his fingers as well. “Shh, baby..” Liam coos, pumping his cock a few times before lining himself up and sliding himself in slowly.

He takes his time as he presses into the mess that is his boyfriend as