It’ll be fine! Now…”Chloé wandered further down the sidewalk. There weren't a lot of good hiding places around here, but there has to be something…Back alley of the hotel? Gross, no way. That's where the trash was.Wandering a couple more buildings down, Chloé found a narrow side street through another alleyway. It was mostly solid brick walls of the surrounding buildings and boards for advertisements, but in the middle of the street there was an empty shop. Judging by the empty displays and cases inside, it was a flower shop. She felt some kind of vague familiarity in her chest as she squinted at the sign - the lettering had been painted over in white and couldn't be read.Chloé pushed a rusted gate open beside the shop, one that lead to the back. She pulled on the back door and found it unlocked.“Yeah, this should do just fine! Heroes need a secret base too.” Taking in the interior, it seemed like the shop had closed not too long ago. Only a light coat of dust covered the counters and the furniture was actually kind of cute."I can probably get this place cleaned up even, no questions asked," Chloé decided to herself before opening her bag. “Okay Pollen, Stripes On!”Transformation complete, the hero left through the back door and stood in the shadows, still out of plain sight. Chloé jumped up and breathed in, feeling her body become light and lifting off the ground. Cautiously, she floated up to the roof of the next building and landed.There was a lot she could see from here. Adrien’s mansion wasn't that far, and the park was even visible by its trees. Those places felt further away than they seemed from here.Paris was bigger than the map in her head, but the district she lived in was so much smaller from her perspective up here. The car drive to school always seemed so long but it was just over there on the horizon.Instead of flying, she made long bounds over the rooftops to stay hidden. Even the limo was visible from her altitude and she moved ahead even faster to beat it to the school. To her delight, she didn't even break a sweat. Reaching the rooftop of the school was just as easy as she thought it’d be.Chloé relaxed and let her senses widen. The fluttering feelings - some still and some moving around, interacting with one another - were now surrounding her, but she could also feel where the fluttering wasn't located. There was a bathroom on the first floor that was completely empty, and the stairwell down to it was clear. Perfect!Chloé peeked down the hall just in case and bolted over to the stairwell. The restroom was empty, so she took a moment to look in the mirror at herself in this form.Pollen was right. Those feelings were people. She could sense every person in this whole building.But normal people didn't feel this, right? This had to be a superhero power thing. There's no way everyone could feel every single person around them like this, they'd go crazy.Or at least, it was way too much pressure for Chloé to never have noticed before. That was saying something - she’d been part of public events and press interviews for as long as she could remember. They didn't feel anything like this.Pollen must be out of touch. She said she'd been asleep for like, what, a decade? More than one? That had to be it.Chloé cleared thoughts out of her head and locked herself in a stall.“Pollen, Stripes Off.” The yellow light flooded the room as she detransformed. “See? I did just fine.”“We’ll see.”With that vague response, Pollen returned to her hiding spot in Chloé’s purse.Chloé opened the stall door and looked in the mirror again.Everything was in place, she looked great, and no one saw her. This was going to be easier than she thought. All that was left was to find Sabrina and go about her day.Pushing the restroom door open, Chloé ignored the flutters still fading around her and made her way through the main hallway of the school to the front door where Sabrina was waiting.There was a number of sharp pains like little bug bites across her arm as soon as she stepped out into the busy courtyard.Chloé shrieked and pulled up her sleeve, only to find smooth skin.The other students around her who hadn't seen her yet all turned their heads, making the dots of pain multiply. It was more than that - there was an ugly and heavy feeling that weighed down on her now even though her powers should have already cut out.A single warm flutter approached her, and Chloé snapped out of her daze upon hearing her name.“Chloé? Chloé answer me!” Sabrina was shaking her arm, even more worried than this morning when they split up.‘Even if you gave up the miraculous now, you can't go back