not even bothering to look up at him. "Because I'm late." A white, short sleeved button-up was singled out from the rest and was hastily pulled on.

It reminded Yami of their old school uniform, and he chuckled. "Gramps isn't going to yell at you for being late." And to be honest, he didn't understand the sense of urgency. To him it seemed silly to freak out about such a thing. Judging by the light outside, they were nearly an hour off schedule, but the store was right downstairs.

"But he should." Now Yuugi was shuffling through another drawer for pants. "Look, I don't want him to think I'm slacking off, or that I don't take this seriously. When I get a job somewhere else, am I going to expect them to understand me being late too?"

Yami sighed, finally rolling out of bed himself. Some things just couldn't be helped. "You might as well slow down, anyway. You haven't even taken a shower yet. That's probably a better idea."

Fingers stopped, halfway through the task of buttoning, and clutched tightly at the fabric. No matter what Yuugi wanted the situation to be, Sugoroku Mutou, who was up every morning at the crack of dawn, was not going to fuss about either of them being late. Least of all Yuugi, who had loyally helped him run the shop for years at this point. So far as Yami was concerned, they could worry about it when they no longer worked at the shop. For now, they had leeway and there was no sense in not taking advantage of it.

Yuugi growled, tearing the shirt off just as quickly as it was donned and stalked towards the bathroom. The door shut loudly seconds later and Yami winced for a second time that morning. He didn't think it was likely that Yuugi would let him climb into the shower too, so he kept busy by changing the sheets on the bed. A glance at the bedside clock confirmed that it was probably all for the best; Yami was a cheeky bastard, after all, and it was more likely that he would spend more time coaxing Yuugi to waste a little more time than actually encourage him to get ready.

It wasn't just the night with Yuugi that had calmed him. Spending so long in the shadow of the danger and intrigue of the Millennium Items made it a little difficult to worry over details as he had once done. Not that a lack of life endangerment was a reason not to take other things in life seriously, but it was a little hard for him to feel the urgency for being late for work when no one would be challenged to a Shadow Game, no one had lost anything or anyone dear to them and - if nothing else - more likely than not that Sugoroku would make a joke about it and move on.

So when Yuugi dashed out back out, water still in beads over skin, pulling the shirt on again - didn't even bother to unbutton it again, just threw it on - Yami let him, and didn't fuss. Maybe it wasn't a bad thing that Yuugi worried and he didn't. It wouldn't be the first time that being opposites served them well. But it was still clear that frustration lingered because at some point between tripping while putting on pants and tripping while putting on shoes, Yuugi said irritably,

"You're really just going to stand there? Really?"

Yami bit back a retort, not at all fond of the implication that: for one, this was really all his fault - which it wasn't - and that he was being lazy somehow. Fact was, this wasn't his day opening the shop and Yuugi hadn't asked to swap shifts at all. But as Yuugi stood there, exasperated, shirt only half tucked and hair disheveled, it was hard to feel justified in being even the least bit mean. After all, their little 'date' hadn't had to happen at all. Yuugi could have picked to sleep, or get ahead with his homework or any number of things. Surely he could put up with a bit lip service.

He settled for a small sigh to vent his frustrations. Circling the room as Yuugi reached for a jacket hung near the door that would lead him away, to jobs and work and responsibility, Yami kept silent on his thoughts. Instead, he said,

"Thanks for last night," as quietly - calmingly - as he could muster. Eyes held contact for an extra second or two before he looked down, hands reaching out to make a few adjustments.

"...!" Yuugi gasped at first and tried to back away.

But Yami was insistent, keeping his lover in place as he straightened and tugged and gathered. That shirt was all wrong, crunched up in some places and slack in others; the second button from the top had been skipped and ...well, maybe nothing could really be done about their hair, but he would try.

Yuugi groaned. "I