is the one making it so damn frustrating.

 “I think it’s a little more than that.”

“You can think whatever you want Sammy boy, don’t make it true.”

 With that, Dean kicks back from the table and snatches up his book before stalking out of the room. Sam just barely managed to catch a glimpse at the cover before Dean shoved it under his arm.

Once the perpetual grump was safely out of the room, Sam chuckled under his breath. It was a study on angels. Captain Denial was studying up on the crush that he so totally didn’t fucking have. He didn’t laugh long, because he suddenly realized that with his failure this time, that meant he was going to have to do this again. And now Dean would see it coming.

 

 


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

 

It was a few weeks later when Sam finally managed to corner Dean again. The man was pretty damn good at avoiding shit he didn’t want to deal with. Sam’s pretty sure at this point that Dean has memorized his ‘we need to talk’ face, because every time he’d been about to say something, Dean had found a way to disappear. There was no escape this time! They’d just finished up a hunt and Dean hadn’t been able to wait to wash away the blood and grime. He couldn’t use the shower excuse when he’d just taken one 10 minutes ago. He couldn’t run out the door and drive off into the night this time either, because Sly Sam had snatched the keys out of Dean’s jacket while he was in the shower, and now had himself conveniently positioned between his brother and the only exit.

“Hey, Dean?”

“Yeah Sammy?”

“I’ve been wanting to talk to you.”

“I’ve noticed. Not interested.”

“Weren’t you the one who said we need to be more honest with each other? You sit down, talk with me for 5 minutes, and be completely honest. You do that, and I promise not to bug you about it any more.”


Dean had that deer in the headlights look. That’s never good. His eyes darted to the bathroom door, then to the door behind Sam. He stuck a hand in his pocket and frowned.


“Did you take my keys?”

“Maybe.”


Dean scowled at him with murder in his eyes. He glanced at the outer door again, and then back to the bathroom door.

“I uh, I gotta pee. Hold that thought, K? Be right back.”


Dean slipped in to the bathroom and shut the door behind him. It was quiet for several minutes, and then Sam could hear thumping and muffled cursing. Sam felt guilty about trapping his brother, but the guy left him no choice. It was just a little funny, however, picturing him pacing in the tiny bathroom - trying to figure out an escape plan. There would be no escape! Sam had made sure of that.

After another ten minutes passed, Sam was starting to worry a little. It was entirely plausible that Dean would shrink himself with a spell and flush himself down the toilet just to avoid a conversation about his feelings. Just as the image of tiny Dean spinning into the sewers flashed through his mind, he heard movement in the bathroom again.

“Sam?”

“Yes Dean?”

“I uh… I need some help.”

“Forget how to zip your pants?”

“Ha ha ha! So funny. Just get in here and help me.”


Sam was not prepared for the sight that awaited him when he entered the bathroom. There was one of those itty bitty windows above the toilet, and Dean’s ass was hanging out of it. He hadn’t even thought about that window when he planned his trap. It was beyond comprehension how Dean had managed to get his torso through that tiny square, but now his lower half was dangling in the bathroom and he was yelling to Sam from the alley behind their room. Sam immediately burst into a fit of hysterical laughter.


“It’s not funny Sam! Get me out of here!”


The laughter stopped, but there was no response. An eerie silence settled behind him.


“Sam…”

“Sam?”

“SAM.”

“Yes Dean?”


That little shit was in the alley now. He walked over beside Dean and leaned against the wall.

“Well, Dean. You appear to have trapped yourself better than I ever could.”

“Come on Sam, I’m in pain here. I can’t feel my legs. Help me out of here!”

“I will. After we talk. Now, I’m going to ask you some questions. You will answer me truthfully. If you start getting sassy I will walk away and leave you here. BUT, if you’re honest, I'll help you.”

“Fuck off Sam. I can just call for Cas, he’ll help me.”

“Dean, if you bring Cas into this you