My kart was the coolest, being styled in a way that reminded me of the beach and ocean with small bubbles here and there and seashells on the front.

"Should we take one round just as practice?" Pidge asked.

"Nah", I said. "Let's race."

And with that, we were off. I took the lead fairly quickly, feeling the muffled vibration of the engine as we, me and my kart, rushed forwards. Sitting in the kart I forgot everything else, the school, the letter. All my responsibilities were lost, shattered with the wind and everything that existed was me and the racing beat of my heart in pure adrenaline. I couldn't hold back a laugh as I sped up.

And then fucking Keith took the lead from me.

Oh, it's on.

I accelerated, going in right behind him, trying to find an opening beside him but he kept his kart steadily in the middle, going between one end and the other as if trying to keep me in check.

As we got closer to a curve I decided this was my chance, so I moved out from behind him and tried driving beside him only to block me again. I hissed. Fucking Keith.

Closer to the goal line I decided to try something else, so I steered my kart close to the edge on the left only to have Keith follow that motion but what he didn't expect was that as fast as he started moving to the left, I sped up and moved to the right and drove by him and shot him a grin.

Only to have him do the same thing to me just seconds later. Damn I hated him.

We stopped our karts and climbed out of them only to be met with Pidge.

"Wait, what… Pidge?!"

"Yeah?" Pidge smirked at us, helmet under their arm. "You two seemed distracted."

I hissed. "Yeah well…" I took off my helmet and dragged a hand through my hair, noticing in my peripheral vision that Keith had done the same.

As I turned to look at him with his rosy cheeks, messy hair and childish grin, I decided I hated him even more.

 

As the winner of the race, Pidge decided we were going to eat pizza for lunch. Who had decided the winner would pick where to eat, I didn't know, but I suspected Pidge.

"Out of every place you could pick, you chose pizza?" We were already at Ruzzo's and I glared at their logotype. "I mean you could've picked Hunk's lunch. Or burgers, or anything."

Pidge raised an eyebrow at me. "What, don't feel like pizza?" Pidge gave me an all too knowing look.

I crossed my arms. "Whatever, Karting Master." Pidge beamed.

"Let's order", said Hunk.

Keith was quiet, standing behind the rest of us and I pretended I didn't notice.

"You want to pay now or after?" the woman by the register asked.

Hunk, Pidge and I looked at each other for a moment before Pidge said, "Now." After that she made her order for a kebabpizza and paid. Hunk ordered a calzone and paid. And when it was my turn I ordered a tunafish-pizza and before I could pay a voice came from beside me.

"And a Margherita for me", said Keith.

I turned to glare at him. "What are you doing?" I hissed.

Keith turned the glare back at me before shrugging. "You said I owed you a meal, so this is me owing you a meal."

"That's not what I…" I raised my arms over my head and said, "You know what? Fine." Then I walked off to the table where Pidge and Hunk already sat, leaving Keith to pay.

Some minutes later and Keith strode over to the table, hands in pockets and a tight smile on his face.

This day, that was supposed to be peaceful and fun, turned out to be frustrating and tense.

But from the looks of it, I was the only one thinking that. Now the only distraction that I wanted was sleep. And a shower.

 

One week later, Pidge used her "Karting Master"-title to call shotgun so I was made sit at the back with Keith.

We had a five hour drive in front of us, and we stopped every other hour for food or snacks. Or both. And when we did, we had to spend between half an hour to an hour at the parking lot since Hunk couldn't drive and eat at the same time. Understandably.

The first hour was spent in silence listening to the radio.

The second contained road games like "Spot the Car" or "One Word Each". At one point we even went as far as to play "20 Questions" and a clean version of "Would You Rather."

"Would you rather be an amazing cook but a horrible baker or an amazing baker but a horrible cook?", I asked Hunk before I saw him narrow his eyes at