too was sobbing.

 

“Harry this.. We… there has to be something they can do. Isn’t there?” Harry just shook his head. And the two of them sat tangled up in each other, not knowing whose tears belonged to who.

 

*** Hours later, when all the tears were dried up and the sobbing stopped, they both got up with shaky breaths and red eyes. “God what am i supposed to do?” Harry asked. Louis drew him into a tight hug. “Whatever it is, whatever you go through, I’ll be here… always.” Harry had believed telling Louis would be the hardest, but he didn’t realise how hard it would be to tell the other boys as well.

****

“Harry! Louis! How have you two been?” Niall greeted them when they arrived at the restaurant. “Good lad! Niall, have you gotten tanner?” Louis joked, because Niall’s skin was bright red. He just laughed it off, and said, “Liam and Zayn went to get drinks.” And soon enough they returned, Zayn holding three bottles, Liam two.

 

“Hey boys,” Liam said smiling, “long time no see.” The boys made polite chatter throughout dinner, each of them filling the others in with what they’ve been doing since the break. But towards the end Harry cleared his throat, and said “There’s been something I’ve needed to tell you all.”

 

None of them missed the way Louis instinctively reached for Harry’s hand.

 

“What is it H?” Zayn asked, worried. “God i don’t know how to do this,” Harry said, looking up to the ceiling.

 

But for the third time that day Harry had to tell the people he loved he had cancer.

 

The boys fell silent, the smiles falling off their faces. It seemed as if the world had stopped moving around him, the light talking in the restaurant ceased to exist. But then a choruses of “Harry we love you,” surrounded him and he was soon enveloped in a tangle of arms. When they chose to disperse, each said their, “call me if you need anything,” and parted ways.

 

In the car Harry let Louis’ hum calm him as his eyes slowly drifted shut. He’d had an exhausting day. But little did he know how much worse it was going to get.

*****

 

“Harry!!” Louis screeched shaking him. “Harry come on wake up!” he sobbed, and the boys were there to pull Louis off of Harry, while the paramedics came. Harry had suffered a small stroke, but he would be alright.

 

“Fuck Harry, I was so scared. One minute you were fine and talking, but the next.. You.. you just stopped talking and fell to the ground.”

 

Harry tried for a smile, “But m’alright Lou…” Yes, he was alright from the stroke but Harry would never be perfectly “alright” again. “I can’t lose you,” Louis said softly into the nape of Harry’s neck.

 

“Louis, you could never lose me. You’ll always be in my heart, and I know I’ll always be in yours… You couldn’t lose me even if you tried,” Harry responded, tugging on Louis’ fringe.

 

They just sat there for what seemed like hours, breathing in each other's’ presence.

“Marry me..” Louis said abruptly. “Wha… what?” Harry asked a bit taken aback.

 

“You heard me.. What better time than now to do it….” Louis drifted off. “Before I die?” Harry asked, faintly.

 

“Whether you were dying or not, Harry Edward Styles I want to spend the rest of my life with you and only you. So would you please do me the honour of marrying me?” Louis said, getting down on one knee.

 

Harry giggled, something he hadn’t done it what seemed like ages.

 

“Louis, of course, I would be honoured,” and with that Louis planted a kiss on his mouth.

 

Minutes later Anne arrived with Gemma, to hear Louis and Harry talking excitedly.

 

“So, Anne, before I make it official, can I ask you something?” “Of course Louis, anything,” “Do you give me your blessing to marry your beautiful son?”

 

Gemma squealed in delight as Anne just shook her head happily. “Yes Louis, I give you my blessing,” And Louis’s smile shone brighter than the sun.

 

“Since you two are getting married, we have a lot to work to do,” Anne said, getting out a pen and paper.

 

“We’ll need your guest list, venue, food, and of course music…” she blabbered on. Harry was glad for the distraction and he couldn’t wait to marry the love of his life.

***

 

After weeks of planning the two boys had decided on everything to make the wedding perfect. The Script agreed to play, as they were huge fans, just as Harry and Louis were of them.

 

The wedding