you doing? Are you a madman?” He yelled.

“Yeah, probably,” The Doctor said with a smile as the pirates rounded the corner. He lifted a small device and pointed it at the pirates, somehow disabling their guns. The Doctor grabbed Liam’s hand and ran past the pirates as they tried to fix their weapons. He led them back to his blue box and tried to quickly unlock the door for them.

“This is the TARDIS,” he says as he gets the door open. “Yes, she’s bigger on the inside but right now your ship is about to crash and we need to get out of here.”

Before The Doctor gets the chance to usher Liam inside, the pirates reappear and grabbed hold of him. The one holding Liam pressed a knife against his neck. “Our transports have failed. You’re going to take us out of this crashing ship.”

The Doctor sighed and stepped aside so that the pirates, and Liam, can enter the ship. The pirates stand inside with their mouths open for a minute before one of them lets out a low whistle, “We picked the wrong ship. Look at this beauty.”

“You stop that train of thought right there. This ship is a living, breathing creature and if you attack her she will attack you back,” The Doctor told them.

“Whatever, we got what we needed. Didn’t we, lad?” the one with the knife to Liam’s neck said. Liam closed his eyes and tried not to choke on the anger inside of him.

“Maybe, but not all of you made it out either,” he said referring to the guy that had been killed when he was struggling to get the gun away from him.

“You son of a – ” the other man said throwing a fist into Liam’s side. He doubled over trying to catch his breath from the punch. The Doctor looked back at the two pirates and the boy trying to hold himself together. He was over by the console and he turned back to work on getting them off the crashing ship, his grip tightening around one of the controllers in anger.

“This is my ship and there is absolutely no violence allowed,” he said quietly. Liam shivered finding something quite terrifying behind The Doctor’s eyes.

“I think you’ll find that we’re in charge, boy.”

The Doctor laughed, “I may look young, but I’ve lived ten of your lifetimes. If you want me to break my no violence rule then you may want to know who you’re dealing with, mate. Many people have gone up against me, entire armies even, and I’m still here graciously allowing you to live a little longer.”

He turned a few knobs and pulled a few switches before turning back to the pirates. “Now, let go of the young lad and get off my TARDIS,” he yelled.

Liam looked up at the pirate holding him and could see them thinking over his options. They looked like they wanted to kill him, but he could see them taking The Doctor’s words into account. They shoved Liam aside and left the ship. The Doctor shut the door behind them and ran back to the console to get them as far away from the criminals as possible.

When they were safely floating in the vacuum of space, The Doctor walked over to Liam who was now sitting down on the floor. He was tearing up and The Doctor could tell the boy was close to breaking.

“You okay?” he asked putting an arm around him comfortingly.

“I wish they had been left on my ship to die.”

“No you don’t,” The Doctor said.

“No, I don’t,” he said through a sob. “But they would have deserved that.”

“If it makes you feel any better, I just left them at a prison along with a list of the crimes they’ve committed. They told me to get them out, but they never said where they wanted me to take them,” he said and Liam smiled a little.

“So I never did catch your name.”

“Liam”

“Well, Liam, where would you like to go? I can take you home.”

“I don’t know. My family was on that ship before they came on board and killed them." Liam's throat hurt with the words, like his body didn't want them to come out. "I don’t have anywhere to call home now.”

“I’m so sorry, Liam,” The Doctor breathed out. He held Liam close while he sobbed even more and eventually cried himself to sleep. The Doctor picked him up and considered taking him to one of the bedrooms to rest, but he didn't want the boy to wake up alone so he brought him over to a chair close to the console. 

The Doctor woke Liam up a little while later when they had arrived at their destination. Liam opened the door to the TARDIS to see his house in front of him. He started shaking, “