"Wakey," The warmth said, his mother smiling down at him with a sense of grief in the room. Everyone was looking to their hands in their pyjama covered laps. He felt a fresh sight of the world, as though a weight had been lifted.

"What is going on?" He asked, the white noise was killing him, almost as much as his fall.

His fall. 

He looked down to his right arm, a cast holding it into place and his leg lift by something above the bed. 

"Don't worry, they are minor injuries, you'll be playing footie in the next three months," Dan, his step dad, nodded with a quick smile, "You gave us a fright, lucky to not be in a coma apparently."

Would a coma be better, though, nothing really to worry about, he probably wouldn't even realise a difference.

"Not as lucky as Dais, though," A young voice weeped in the corner.

"Where is Daisy?" He looked around, even the babies were there, silent and sleeping, however still radiating sorrow.

Most shed a tear, and if they didn't they were comforting someone who was.

Louis gulped, breathes heavily but didn't cry. "She wanted me to hold her hand."

The family cried together.

The next day Louis was realised from the white walls of the hospital and was being pushed by Dan in his new wheelchair. He had an appointment due that week with a professional physiologist to talk about his intentions but of course he'd pass with flying colours. Of course.

He wasn't having a good day. The family were planning a funeral for Daisy while trying to help Louis with everything from getting dressed to showering. It was manic and people cried and Louis felt shameful. He had to be dressed well for the woman he was meeting- a Mrs Smith- but all he could fit in was his old tracksuit bottoms and short sleeve shirts that were a size too big with a stain where his left hip sat.

As he was being wheeled into the familiar hospital he saw children as young as 10 sitting around, waiting for a deduction of there sanity. He was defiantly the oldest.

"Mr Tomlinson."

Louis looked round to Dan, waited until he was stood and took a deep breath. He was wheeled in and left alone with a smartly dressed woman. He slouched in his wheelchair at her desk in the centre of the office.

"So, I expect you know why you're here?" She was looking down at her papers before finishing her sentence and looked over her thin glasses.

"You want to put me in a mental hospital."

Louis took the woman's deduction as an insult. He didn't try to kill himself, sure he had issues as a teenager but never suicidal thoughts.

She - Mrs Smith - took one good look at his wrist with white lines on and wrote on her paper 'history with suicide'. After that it was as if she gave up asking him questions.

She followed behind him out of the bare room, pushing him along and shook his parents hands, leading them to a corner to speak over the decision as if it was going to secret between them only. The convocation lasted two minutes before they were signing documents and working out a schedule between their work life. Suddenly, Louis felt like a burden.

After a week, a room was ready, beds made and all, for Louis to move into his new home. His suitcase was packed with clothes a size too big for him and he was whisked away to a hospital half an hour from his house. Everything seemed rushed but the drive seemed torturously slow and dull. As they parked up, young people walked in and out, some out in a colourless garden beside the main building which was guarded by a blue fence topped with barbed wire. Charming, Louis thought.

The building itself was tall and thin, like a large chimney. The name was branded about six feet up from the floor on the front wall in blue writing painted on the dark red bricks, cemented together with a pale white paste. 

"We'll get you settled in then we'll be off," His mother smiled as she guided him up the long pathway, a hand on his back as if she was stopping him from running back to the car. Her personality had changed drastically after the accident. She'd become more alert, watching Louis as if she was studying him for a project. 

The woman at the counter was old, possibly older than the building. She handed him a key and a younger man came out from the white door beside the desk and took Louis' suitcase no started rummaging through the pockets for his jacket for objects.

"If I were to keep something do you really think I'd put it in my suitcase?" Louis smirked when the man looked up at him from the floor with a curious look on his face before diving up to Louis' chest, searching his body then through his hair and socks, "That didn't mean I had anything."