't you ask me to come with you?" Jensen says as soon as he hears the door close behind him.

"So suddenly this is my fault?" Misha snarks right back, defences falling into place. 

Jensen shakes his head. "I'm not saying that." 

"Yes, you are. You don't think I'm capable of-" 

"I think you're more than capable-" 

"Then, what're we arguing over?" 

"The fact that you're in hospital!" Jensen's voice fills with frustration. 

"That's where you go when you get hurt!" Misha remarks, just as loudly. 

 That’s  when the reality of the situation hits them.

 Hard .

Silence slices sharply through the room, and the air is knocked out of Jensen’s lungs. He swallows an apology and sits down on the bed beside Misha’s legs. The other man’s hand is lying limp next to his thigh, the knuckles are scraped, and there are little flecks of blood patterning the tan skin in shapes of constellations that Jensen’s pretty sure Misha’s told him about hundreds of times, but been too preoccupied by the man speaking to even pay attention.

Carefully, he places his palm over Misha’s, eyes trained on where their skin meets. It’s an apology of sorts, one he hopes Misha can understand. He can feel the other man’s gaze on him, intense and unwavering, like it always is. It’s a wonder Jensen even survives being in his presence sometimes.

Misha’s skin is calloused – they’re working hands after all – but there’s evidence of care in the way the nails are clipped short and the skin is moisturised. It’s then that Misha turns his own palm up to slot his hand into Jensen’s so fucking easily, making the injuries disappear from sight like a magician, like Jensen wishes he could.

"I know you don’t always enjoy going to the clubs." Misha says inclining his head, voice low and accommodating in comparison to the size of the room and the space between them. "So, I don’t ask."

Jensen squeezes his hand, runs a thumb over Misha’s knuckle reassuringly before he voices his thoughts. He can’t help the small grimace when he looks up at Misha, the injuries take him by surprise.

"I would-" his voice cracks unexpectedly. He clears his throat and prepares to start again as a slight blush runs through his cheeks.

"I’d go anywhere with you, Mish." He declares and he’s pretty sure he’s only talking about having a social life but it seems to tighten the atmosphere in the room a whole lot like he can’t breathe until… Misha cracks a smile. It’s small and teasing but before he can respond with something sarcastic, Jensen speaks again.

"You have to know that. Please tell me you know that."

Misha just nods, he smile widening until his stitches pull and he retracts his hand from Jensen’s to press against his lips to soothe the pain.

"Serves you right." Jensen jokes, quickly lightening the mood again. He places his hand on Misha’s thigh instead and pulls a leg up onto the bed to bend it at the knee so he can get more comfortable.

"For what? I am in pain right now." Misha’s reply is slightly muffled behind his hand.

"For the smart ass comment that was gonna come outta your mouth when I was trying to be serious and shit." He replies, teasing smirk playing at his lips as Misha drops his hand to narrow his eyes at Jensen – there’s a challenge in the blue twinkle of his eyes.

"I’m pretty sure you’d be okay with my mouth-"

Jensen surges forward to place his index finger on Misha’s lips, effectively silencing him, though mindful of the injury. His gaze drops from Misha’s eyes to his lips in a second, hand curling around his cheek, a gesture which the other man leans in to. Jensen’s thumb brushes ever so softly over the corner of Misha’s top lip. The skin’s been split and there’s three stitches in it, destroying the beauty of the cotton-candy coloured lips with harsh, taunting white lines.

The anger builds in him again. Starts in his stomach, works its way up his chest, into his arms, around his shoulders, down his spine, and sits there, heavy and taut. Misha must notice something change because he places his palm over Jensen’s on his cheek.

"Don’t do anything stupid." He says.

"’m not." Jensen replies, sliding his hand out gently, half of a plan already formulated in his mind.

"No. No, okay? I hate it when you get that look in your eyes. You’re planning something." Misha accuses to Jensen’s back as the man stands and goes to wander over to the window, fingers rubbing over