re kidding me. You're not dying on me. You're not going to die." He was worried, nearly panicking.

Tetsuya stared dumbly on him. His gaze was boring holes on the redhead's skull, however, even if he had sweaty body for being wrapped for who-knows-how-many-minutes-passed. 

"Your fault I'm dying." 

The words were familiar to him, but maybe he was wrong, but didn’t he just say those exact words on him before? 

"Love overdose." Tetsuya enunciated clearly and that made Seijuurou’s ears perked up, mind reeling and backtracking if what he had heard was right.

"Can you repeat what did you say?" His voice was earnest and his eyes were fixated to his boyfriend who precariously sat up on bed, hair tousled and shirt slightly soaked from sweat.

"W-Wait! Before you answer my question," He stood up quickly and walked to the cabinet to get a shirt for the bluenette. Throwing a simple white tee towards his boyfriend, he commanded. "Change your shirt. I don't want you to get sick for real."

Once done, Seijuurou sat on the edge of the bed gazing on his boyfriend with a raised brow. "So are you still dying?"

He nodded, "Because of you." Tetsuya locked their gazes.

Seijuurou rolled his eyes, something in his brain clicked. A realization came and he hid a smile. His lips formed into a pout, brows creasing on its ends. "Why because of me?"

"Sei-chan I'm dying. I want you to call the doctor. My chest burns, my mind even goes fuzzy. I feel so dizzy and my pulse is throbbing." Tetsuya said in an exhausted tone of voice he could muster while rubbing his temple in the process.

The redhead scooted closer to his boyfriend, draped an arm around his shoulders and letting his boyfriend's head rest on his shoulder. "Why are you dying again?" His smirk won’t rub off from his face.

Tetsuya lifted his head slightly, still on his pouty lips, but Seijuurou didn't let him as he pulled back the blue haired head back on his shoulder, slender fingers soon playing the light blue locks. 

"I asked you a question." Seijuurou’s tone was firm and serious.

There was a whiny sound coming from the bluenette’s lips which was very rare because the usual Tetsuya was always impassive, emotionless and very reserved.

"You're killing me Sei-chan." His soft lulling voice was enough to make Seijuurou hard. But no he shouldn’t this is serious shit he can’t get hard in this type of situation.

Maybe?

"Huh?" He feigned indifference, but Seijuurou wasn’t that stupid not to distinguish the reason behind Tetsuya’s abrupt weirdness.

"You’re killing me right now."

Damn, Tetsuya was so fucking cute with those long lashes curling and caressing his pale smooth skin.

Seijuurou was in control and had just decided to go with the flow with his Tetsuya’s playful self that day.

"Then call the police." Seijuurou suggested, but a small smile was drawing up on his lips, amused because his boyfriend wasn't always like this--cheesy.

Tetsuya furtively hugged his boyfriend's arm, like a phantom stealthily attacking someone. He shook his head. "No. I don't want you to get arrested. I just need a doctor to check up on me, from this love overdose."

Seijuurou wasn't able to control his laughter anymore and Tetsuya pushed him off before crossing his arms, scowling.

"What's so funny?" he had his arms crossed, blowing his fringe at the same time.

Seijuurou’s laughter ceased, but he was gracing an amused smile. "Love overdose huh? But even if a doctor would check up on you, he wouldn’t be able to cure you. And you know why?”

Tetsuya remained silent, lips puckering-a silent gesture to let Seijuurou continue.

“Because you'll have it forever." Seijuurou grinned, a smile that was so precious for Tetsuya that got him blushing madly. It was the smile he had loved ever since they met years ago in middle school, the rare smile that Seijuurou hides, but fails to hide from Tetsuya.

The redhead jabbed his forefinger on his lover’s chest. "You're so cute~"

The bluenette was too shy, but he kept on staring, his light blue doe eyes not blinking, making Seijuurou’s heart swell more in joy. The affection and fondness on his eyes, however, remained. "You should do this often. You're so cute when you're cheesy."

The bluenette’s cheeks were burning a violent shade of red as Seijuurou's words were full of sincerity and his handsome face so close to him didn't help at all; it only worsens the beating of his heart.

However, as Seijuurou was about to lean his head closer to capture the luscious pink lips of his lover