open, the sound echoing through the hall as he stumbled out of his room and towards the main chamber. Jesse watched the ground spin a bit beneath him--it wasn’t s’posed to do that, was it?--but tried to steady his steps by bracing his right arm on the wall.

 

He tripped on his own feet a couple of times on the way there--thankfully, he didn’t fall like he did on the mission, but he can’t really remember much about that mission other than he fell during it--and almost fell many, many times, but eventually, he actually found his way into the main chamber’s doorway and struggled with the handle for a while, before drunkenly remembering to push, not pull on the doors to the large room and he stumbled his way in, head held high and his hat threatening to fall off as he staggered steps toward one confused archer, who was going to get another box of ammo.

 

Eventually, he came face to face with the man and smiled widely, pulling the man in for a hug.

 

“Hiiyya, Haanzoo,” he slurred quickly, though it sounded more like  handsoap , a very obvious, popped P somehow finding its way onto the end of Hanzo’s name. Jesse snorted briefly before being hastily shoved off, tumbling his way onto a couch in the chamber. He snorted again before breaking into laughs, holding onto his stomach.

 

Hanzo was glaring at him harshly, his eyes narrowed into sharp, deadly slits and his eyebrows raised angrily. He was obviously pissed, and that just made Jesse laugh harder in his drunken haze, clutching onto his stomach harder and taking small gasps for air between his large laughs.

 

“You,” Hanzo growled, and Jesse sobered up slightly, looking up at the man dazedly. “First you jeopardize my mission, then you do not speak the truth in our meeting with Commander Morrison, and now you come to interrupt the duty I was assigned because of your antics reeking of smoke, whiskey and… cherries.”

 

Hanzo sighed as Jesse snorted once more, the message he was trying to get across obviously not reaching the drunk man. Hanzo ran his hand down his face, then dropped it to his side and approached the couch Jesse had fell on. Jesse quieted slightly, watching intently as Hanzo came closer to him. Thickly, he swallowed as Hanzo came right up to the side of the couch, then squatted and leaned toward him, and vaguely Jesse registered in his drunken mind that Hanzo’s hands started moving his arms and legs around and then they were a solid pressure under his knees and back and then--!

 

Hanzo just fucking  lifted  him.

 

Jesse had to be dreaming. He must’ve passed out. There was no way in hell that Hanzo just picked him up but oh god, then he started walking, holding Jesse like a fucking  bride  in his arms and Jesse almost groaned, his crotch stirring in his pants.

 

Jesse bit his lip and flushed further, and he  really  hoped Hanzo just pinned it on him being drunk, oh please.

 

“I am still very mad at you, cowboy,” Hanzo muttered, and if he noticed Jesse’s flush growing, he didn’t say anything about it. “But I have experience dealing with drunk morons in need of sobering up so they don’t get a terrible hangover the following morning. Genji came to me often very similarly to how you did, and I will not let you complain all day tomorrow about a hangover whether or not we have a mission.”

 

If he was being honest, Jesse wasn’t really listening to Hanzo, too busy think about how  fucking strong  of a presence Hanzo’s arms were beneath him, how was he so strong? He was shorter than Jesse, right? His shoulders had to be--Jesse glanced at Hanzo’s shoulders, and then at his own, and Jesse was pretty sure he actually let out a  whine  . Hanzo’s shoulders were wider than his--god, he wasn’t even mad, he was really,  really  turned on by that and he couldn’t even begin to explain why.

 

Hanzo glanced down at him momentarily, then looked back up at where he was going and Jesse was pretty sure he smirked.

 

Could Hanzo stop being so  hot  for a bit, long enough to actually enjoy being drunk instead of everything being hazy and his mind constantly thinking about him? Wasn’t he supposed to be forgetting about Hanzo or something? Why did he even visit him in the first place?

 

Apparently, Jesse had been letting out a whine the entire time he was asking himself questions, because Hanzo’s smirk grew and he let out an amused huff.

 

“I know it must be embarrassing to you,” Hanzo said, glancing down at him again, “But do not assume this changes my opinion of you. I already knew you were a careless idiot, this only proves it.”

 

Jesse swallowed again, his throat feeling dry. Why was it that he was getting even  more  turned on by seeing Hanzo smirk and hearing the other’s voice mock him in a pleasant tone