themselves were enormous beings, but he had never seen anything as big as the trees surrounding him, they looked like they were touching the clouds. Not only that but all he could see was trees and rocks and green, so much green.

 His parents had told him before that some Doxys did live outside but as it was a harder life most tended to drift towards human homes, where they could be warm and safe. Dodging humans was better than dodging countless predators, even if his bite could kill some of the smaller ones and make some of the bigger ones very sick there was still a chance they could kill or maim him even if he got off a bite or two. 

Shivering slightly he moved his eyes more to the ground, he wouldn't take flight again for now, not with his wings feeling like they might fall off if he unfurled them. What he needed was somewhere to curl up safe and sound for some much-needed rest. 

Moving a little closer to one of the big trees his ears twitched, he could make out running water from here, it sounded close. He closed his eyes and sighed, it felt like years since he had had a nice drink of water.... Shaking his head of the thoughts of drinking he tuned out the water and gritted his teeth in determination as he took more painful steps towards the tree. It was an old tree, some of its huge roots had come out of the dirt surrounding its base, it was Harry's hope that he could wriggle underneath one such root for the rest of the day to gather his strength.

As he finally reached the tree his eyes widened as he saw under one of the big branches was a hole, something had dug a small burrow here already. Harry gulped he was in no condition to fight off something that might mistake him as tasty. Backing up a few steps he paused. He couldn't actually hear anything from in the burrow's direction and the ground around it looked undisturbed for some time. Was it worth risking a peak Harry wondered? 

Taking a deep breath he squared his shoulders and balled all four hands into fists. He would check. If it was abandoned that meant he would have a nice place to rest. Taking slow steady steps, well as steady as he could, Harry slowly crept towards the burrows opening, carefully avoiding standing on dried leaves and twigs. 

He came at it from the side just in case anyone was home, and every few steps he paused straining his ears for sound and sniffing the air . Nothing.When he was right at the entrance he took a few more quite deep breathes. Nothing had popped out to eat him and he still couldn't hear anything close by. There were animal smells but nothing too new or too strong to show something lived here. 

With his heart trying to beat out of his little chest Harry darted a look in, it didn't take too long for his eyes to adjust to the dark as the burrow wasn't very long, maybe only three times his length and only two of him wide. (I'm making it Doxy's are normally around 10cm but he's around 7cm) Since it was so short Harry relaxed almost instantly seeing the whole burrow clearly and realising nothing was in there. Taking one last look around outside for threats and finding none Harry grinned. He had found somewhere to sleep, and maybe even stay for a while. 

Before he went into the burrow Harry gathered a few twigs and leaves from the ground and partly blocked the entrance leaving a tiny gap . He didn't want to be found and the entrance was a little too big for his liking. Once that was done he wiggled into the hole he had left himself and reached out to use a leaf to finish covering the entrance. Blinking in the dark he made his way to the end of the burrow, the dirt was dry and already he felt a little warmer. Hopefully, he would remain safe while he rested. He slid a bit towards the end as his tired legs not really willing to keep him up much longer gave out and he fell in a heap at the base of the tunnel. Wasting no time Harry twisted and turned and wriggled and sweep his arms about until the area was comfortable to sleep on. As soon as he rested his head in his arms he was dead to the world. 

 

                                                                                                                                    ##=##

 

Harry wasn't sure how long he had slept, or indeed what had woken him at first. It took his tired mind a few minutes to realise that the sound that had pulled him from his dreams was coming from behind him. Turning his head slowly he narrowed his eyes at the burrow wall. Something was getting close to his resting spot.

He got up on his knees and pressed an ear against the dirt to listen closer. Whatever it was was close, but it didn't sound big and it sounded slow. Harry pondered to himself for a bit before shrugging, whatever it was sounded smaller than him and he was hungry. Wasting no time he started digging into the dirt, he worked fast and kept himself on alert in case