even for me to see.”

A thoughtful silence falls over them until Sam speaks up: “Just how bad could it be, after all we’ve seen? The cure is meant to cleanse. Whatever Meg turns up to be, it’ll be pure.”

Dean doesn’t look too convinced with his crossed arms and trademark guarded expression, but Castiel stares at Sam with such hopeful eyes despite his sad stature, it’s heartbreaking. 

The younger Winchester smiles to encourage him. “You heard me, right Cas? She’s already not what a demon should be anymore.”

I’m kinda good which sucks. The angel crooks a smile.

“Come on,” Sam turns his gaze to his brother, “let’s throw the dice, see what happens. She’s worth the effort, at least.”

*

They summon Meg in an abandoned evangelist church a few days later.

She arrives, blond mane and leather jacket and sass. She looks healthy. Castiel’s heart would jump if he needed it.

She isn’t fazed by the devil trap below, not even surprised. Saved their lives or not, hunters aren’t supposed to trust demons, duh. She’s ready to handle anything they plan to do; be it  chatting, torture, exorcism or death. 

But Castiel steps in the circle and stands close, stupid sky blues looking so deep and maybe she’s not ready for anything.

Purification. Huh, so that old rumor was true. She didn’t expect to ever face the chance herself.

Why would she need such a thing, though? Even the little conscience she recently grew sucks more than Hell.  Besides, what she used to be...

But the stupid angel looks so hopeful, so concerned, almost begging her with unblinking eyes. She thought puppy eyes were Sam Winchester’s specialty. 

She also thought an angel wouldn’t care this much for a demon.

She accepts the offer. Also suggests being tied up for the ride.

*

She barely reacts to the first dose of purified blood.

Chained to a chair in the middle of the devil trap, Meg watches Castiel’s face as he goes to inject her arm, face creased in concentration. His eyes meet hers warily as he pushes the syringe.

She just smirks.

*

“Why are you guys doing this, really?” She asks at the second dose. “Why bother when you can just kill me? I’m just a demon, aren’t I?”

Castiel looks almost offended. “No. You’re not just a demon.”

“You risked your life for us when it gained you nothing,” Sam cuts in. “That makes you worthy of salvation. A second chance.”

“Funny, I used the guy saying this as a meatsuit once,” Meg provokes, a half curl to her lips. “And what makes you think I gained nothing? Who says I don’t have my own evil agenda?”

“Then we’re getting rid of that possibility right now.” It’s the first time Dean speaks since they started this.

Meg glances at him. Her smirk stays, but something shifts in her eyes.

*

The third dose makes her shiver a little. “You sure about this, Clarence?” She breathes out, still smirking as she looks up at the angel. “Sure you’ll like what you’ll see? Maybe I won’t be as fun to be around.”

“You will be pure.” Castiel avoids her gaze as he withdraws the syringe. “And I will stay by your side.”

“What if the pure product is still an abomination?”

Sky blues flick back to her. She’s not smirking anymore.

*

The fourth dose causes her to grunt and clench her fists. Castiel doesn’t waver for this is a righteous task now, if a bit unbearable. It’ll be worth it. She’s worth it. Sam cringes as he watches from a distance. Dean looks away.

“You shouldn’t,” Meg grits out. “You really shouldn’t. You think it’s the right thing but it’s not. You won’t like it, Clarence. It’ll be bad… ’ll be so bad…”

The angel glances at the Winchesters, helpless. They can’t keep his gaze for long.

*

They all cringe as she screams her insides out at the fifth dose. Under her vessel’s voice echoes an inhuman sound, the agony of the demon inside. Her chair drags on the floor much like when they first exorcised her out of Meg Masters.

Her head falls forward when it’s over, but she keeps shivering. For the next hour, she doesn’t speak.

*

The sixth dose. The tiniest whimper. She slowly raises her head, hair all over her face. 

“Why do you hate me?” She asks, and it’s not her voice anymore; not the familiar, sassy slur of Meg the demon. It’s too small, too cracking. “I did nothing wrong