with the small movements of the BMW up ahead. "Stop bitchin' and put ya mouth to good use," he frowned, leaning his head back. He used his now free hand to pull his shorts away from his straining hard on; the heat and humidity doing little to help the situation. 

Hazel eyes burned into the side of his boyfriend's head, glaring at him as if he'd insulted him. "Excuse me?" He questioned, allowing his arm to dangle from the car. He cursed under his breath, the harsh sun heating the metal of the door, burning the inked skin.

The blonde licked his lips, the smirk playing at the corners. "I said, be a good little boy, and suck me off," he ordered, not caring that both windows, and sun roof were open. "I want ya pretty little mouth aroun' my dick," he almost moaned, clenching his jaw.

Zayn shook his head, an angered laugh slipping from his lips. "You really are out of your God damn mind, if you think that I'm going to give you head? Right now?" He asked, turning it into a question, annoyance laced on his lips.

Niall shrugged, frustration taking over. He let his arm fall back down on the wheel, looking between the windscreen, before altering his attention back on the dark skinned male. "Why not?"

The other man scoffed, raising his feet onto the dash, once again. "Because, we're in public, Niall. I am not going to suck your fucking dick in the middle of the day, in a car!" He said, resting his elbow on his bent knee as he rubbed at his temple.

Niall sighed, tonguing his back teeth. "Zayn," he spoke, sternly. He waited until his boyfriend's eyes fell on him, before proceeding. He opened his mouth to say something, his gaze falling to the older of the two's lips, watching the natural pout. Zayn obviously caught on because he grunted, and punched Niall's arm, a sharp frown on his face. The hit pulled him out of his daze, looking to the red mark already forming on his bicep. "What the fuck was that for?!" He asked, glaring back at Zayn.

"For being a filthy minded prick!" He spat back, dropping his legs and facing forwards. He shook his head, "Unbelievable."

The Irish male growled, his legs spreading further. He reached out, wrapping his fingers tightly around Zayn's wrist, and tugging his hand down to his crotch. He forced the boy to touch his clad covered cock, pressing his palm down. He moaned at the feeling, his tongue swiping over his bottom lip as he watched Zayn slowly turn towards him. "Feel that?" That's how fuckin' bad I want ya," he spoke, his voice deep.

Zayn couldn't help but stare down as Niall used his hand for his own source of pleasure, feeling the hard length beneath his palm. He lightly stroked his tongue over the inside of his bottom lip, swallowing.

Niall smirked, raising his hips, slightly. He groaned, frowning from the shots of pleasure shooting up his spine. He rolled his hips desperately into Zayn's hand, using his hold on him to guide him into what he wanted. He moaned, loudly as he felt his boyfriend's fingers moving to their own accord, touching him through his shorts. "Baby," he panted, the muscle in his jaw fluttering. 

It didn't take long for Zayn to cave, feeling his dick twitch at the sight of Niall desperate beneath his hand. He shifted in his seat, slowly leaning over to press his mouth over the front of Niall's shorts, breathing heavily against his throbbing member. He felt the hand on his back, running down his damp tee, obviously trying to encourage him, further. He fisted one hand in the bottom of Niall's shorts, pulling down the loose material to mid-thigh. He smirked as he saw his boyfriend's cock pressed tightly to the fabric of his white boxers, right before his eyes; desperate to be freed of the tight confinements. He pressed parted lips against the obvious head, sucking the already damp fabric into his mouth. He received a throaty groan in turn, Niall's rough fingers skimming his neck.

"Don't tease me, Zayn," Niall warned, his hips rolling up against Zayn's mouth. Zayn flicked his tongue out, dragging his tongue over the cloth covered skin. He gazed up at Niall, wetting his lips as he pulled the boxers down, which hugged his boyfriend's hips, so well, he was almost sad for the lost.

The blonde gazed down, running his own tongue over his bottom lip, as if mimicking Zayn's move. He moaned, his dick free from his tight boxers, the sun baring down on the already heated skin. He tilted his head, watching as the older male slowly wrapped his mouth over the head of