Reid as he left.

"OK," Reid said, passing out a list the next morning at the the police station. "These are houses you need to especially look after. The work habits and other things make them most vulnerable. Although they are, don't just watch them. Make sure you keep a tight watch on all. This might be our only real chance to get this guy."

"And if you see something suspicious, let me or Dr. Reid know. Don't take action unless you have to." Detective Gibson added.

At that they all went over to Gideon's neighborhood. Reid got a ride with Gibson.

Two hours later everyone was getting impatient. Suddenly, there was a call on the radio.

"Detective Gibson! Someone dressed in all black with a ski mask just ran from 1185 Star Street to the woods!"

"That's just down the street!" Reid said.

When they got there, the other police officers were pulling up.

"What do we do?" one of the officers asked Gibson.

"Pair up! We need to get this guy!" he replied, running towards the woods, signaling Reid.

Although he couldn't see Gibson, Reid knew he was just ahead of him, getting a little head start.

Reid was running when he thought he saw someone to his left. He stopped, but Gibson was still running ahead. He went over to investigate what he saw.

"Gibson! I think I got something!" Reid yelled.

But he didn't time to see if Gibson had come. The "someone he saw" was the UnSub, without his mask, who did what he had to when someone saw without his mask. Get rid of him.

Reid barely got a glimpse at the man before he heard a LOUD boom, and an extreme pain in his shoulder that sent him flying backwards on the ground, knocking him unconscious.

"Reid! Where are you?" Gibson, going to where he had heard him call, and the sound of a gun going off, said. He couldn't fin him anywhere. That's when he noticed the blood. It wasn't a lot, but did make a little trail along with drag marks.

Please tell me I'm going to find Reid at the end here with this guy shot to a million pieces, he thought.

What he found at the end surprised him. Because what he found was nothing. All of a sudden it had stopped, like whoever was being dragged had been lifted onto something. Gibson looked up, further after the blood, and saw two fresh tire marks, leading to the road.

Oh boy, he thought.

"Bass! Cuellar!" Gibson called to two officers, at the house. "Set up road blocks for 20 miles!"

"Did he get away?" Bass asked, while Cuellar made the phone call.

"Yeah," the detective replied. "And he has Dr. Reid."



A/N: BuM BUM BUM. Apparently I used to be big on cliff hangers. I promise I won't make it a two year long cliff hanger this time. Like I said, it really sucks but I don't wanna change it. Something about nostalgia. I made this in like my seventh grade year (I'm in 10th now) and only been watching the show for a couple months so it's probably pretty OOC. Anyway, enough of this. PLEASE REVIEW it helps me so much





A/N: Told you I would update! So here I am again, with the same story I wrote forever ago. As short as it is, this took forever to type. You try to type up a story up ON YOU PHONE. It sucked. But that's only because I did it during school. I'm here now at school still but I got a computer so yay! It sped it up. I really want to go ahead and get this up, so there may be pretty frequent updates. It all depends on how fast I can type and interpret my 12 or 13 year old self's handwriting and terrible grammar.



When Reid woke up he didn't know where he was. All he knew was that his shoulder was in a lot of pain. And then he remembered everything.

He tried looking around but couldn't. It was so pitch black that even after his eyes adjusted he could barely see his hand in front of his face. Even though it was dark, he decided to feel around the room he was in.

He got up off the cold cement floor he had awakened on. Feeling for the wall, he walked around the room, and saw it was completely empty, besides what he thought was a door on one concrete wall, but there was no handle.

Reid sat in the middle of the room, which wasn't far from the wall. The whole room was probably 8 by 8 feet. Pretty small.

Reid felt his shoulder. It was covered in blood, some had ran down his shirt and arm. He noticed that the