hope your hybrid is alright. By courtesy of the train conductor he would like you to be escorted to first class."

"Thank you." I buried my face deeper into his neck just seeking warmth as a shiver ran through my body, he allowed the stewards to grab his bags as we were lead to first class. I brought my head away from his neck with my hands on his shoulders and looked around the first class car, he places a sweet kiss to my cheek causing my cheeks to turn scarlet.

"You good angel?" I nodded in response, too shy to say anything as I pressed myself close against him again. 

He was seated in the first class booth, there was actually a bed instead of seats in this booth. He sat down on the bed before laying down with me on top of him, the curtains being whisked shut by the stewards as I breathed in his intoxicating smell.

"You don't have to act anymore, I don't think anyone will realize you don't really have an owner."

"I...I wasn't acting." 

He lays his forehead against my own and he lets out a deep sigh, his arms squeezing me tighter as he pulls a blanket over us.

"Good, I wasn't acting either." 

I felt so safe in his arms I swore that his embrace was warmer than the blanket wrapped around us, my face buried in his chest as I clench his shirt in my fists never wanting to let go. He was the first human I felt safe around, he was the only human I felt safe around.

*****

I awoke to Harry lightly shaking me, I bolted upright and looked around the booth. Instinctively scooting away from the warmth next to me and pressing my back against the nearest wall, I looked back to the warmth I had been enveloped in as my chest rose and sank furiously. I looked to see Harry looking to me with a sad and knowing look, his hair tousled as well as the look of sleep written across his features.

"Hey it's alright, it's just me Harry remember?" 

I nod my head and bring my hand up to my head, my ears perked up in alarm but slowly sinking down as everything from the previous night comes flooding back. The man sneaking into our shared booth, Harry saving me and comforting me. My heart slows down as I watch him outstretch his hand, willing for me to take it.

"The train stopped, are you ready to go?"

I nod my head quickly and take his hand, tightly grasping it in mine as I grab my bag. I notice that Harry is already bundled up and ready to go, his bag standing right next to the bed. I smile a little at his consideration for allowing me to sleep longer, before I can comprehend what's happening Harry is leading me out of the train and into the bright light of the day. I squinted hard as I tried to get used to the brightness of the sun, we came to stop at a bench right outside the station and saw a black Cadillac pull up in front of us.

The driver opened the door for us, Harry allowing me to climb inside first. I looked around in great awe, not even really believing that I had gotten here just out of luck. That moment it hit me, that I most likely wouldn't have met this man and gotten into this situation if I hadn't of gotten that specific seat number. I guess fate was just really funny when it came to working that way. My eyes looked out the window as I watched the world swirl past in a blur of colors and faces, I had never seen this town before and I was honestly awe struck.

"Have you never seen the city?"

"No, I've been locked away most of my life."

Silence as he looked down to his lap, messing around with his fingers as he thought over what I had just said.

"I hope you know that I won't keep you locked up, that you're free to do whatever you please."

"You don't know how happy I am to hear that."

He gave a smile as he placed his hand over mine, giving it a soft reassuring squeeze that set my heart aflame. I found myself looking away from the window and scooting closer to him to lay my head down on his shoulder, this feeling coursing through me was so strange but I didn't want to think anything of a feeling that made me feel so....wanted.

"This may be a bit awkward, but you haven't told me your name." I immediately began to turn I fiery red as I looked down at my lap.

"My name is Nova, Nova Bane."

"That's a beautiful name."

"T-thank you."

Before I was able to realize it the car came to a stop, I looked out of the window to see we were parked in front of a large house on the very top of a high hill. The door was opened and out we stepped, the door was shut