the blanket closer to him. His health seems to have taken a turn for the worse, even quicker than what the doctors had informed him of. Perhaps he wasn’t following their precautions, or perhaps he was just one of the unlucky ones. It was always possible, but in his heart he was almost certain he knew why. And that was something he couldn’t correct, no matter how much he had been trying to.   

The memories served their purpose, nourishing him with pieces of Seijuro in his prolonged absence. But now that was no longer enough. Try as he might, each passing day he grew weaker. If the sickness plaguing him truly was inescapable, then the least he wanted was for Seijuro to be there. To be there beside him when it all began to unwind.

Was he being selfish? He knew his lover was busy, but wasn’t he a large part of his life as well? Akashi had demonstrated that – even declared it – throughout the years, so why would that change now? He wasn’t being greedy, he was informing him that even if their lives were on different paths now, that he was still here. That he still loved him, and that right now he needed him more than ever.

Shakily collecting his phone from the end table, Kouki ignores the many text messages and voicemails from missed calls from others, and scrolls to find Akashi’s name. His fingers tremble as they press in the keys, constantly having to retrace his steps with the many typos he was making.

But at last he finally succeeds.

Please. I need you. 

He should have been there – his mother had begged him countless times now, but he couldn’t force himself to go. Hospitals were frightening to him. Kouki knew they were there to care for the afflicted, but he would never benefit from them. He would never heal.

So when his parents, his friends, everyone who knew of his condition, told him it would be for the better to stay there- ever since he was diagnosed- he declined. If these truly were the last of his days, why did he want to be surrounded by fading people who only reminded him of what his fate was?

He was there practically every other morning, anyway, escorted there by his mother, but in the end, he always returned home. She would stay for all the time she could before she had to leave for work, insisting that if he wasn’t going to stay in the hospital to come back with her.

But he declined. After her visit, another person would arrive to take her place. He was never alone, and as much as he wanted to be months back, he wasn’t allowed to. Not when it was difficult just for him to reach across and grab something on the table, or walk into the kitchen to try to stomach something, which he usually ended up miserably failing at, anyway.

Reality frustrated him, and he yearned to be able to do the things he was once able to. But time was of the essence, and it was slowly taking him down with it. No longer could he sit in the park, or on a field to relax beneath the caress of a warm breeze, or be caught in a storm, an abrupt snowfall. All of those were off limits.

And soon, time would be his enemy as well.

Despite all that was transpiring, this afternoon had been a rather pleasant one. The last one to care for him had left moments ago, and the next wasn’t due for a few hours from now.

Kouki relished in the spare periods he had to himself, as he rarely had them anymore. No one was forcing him to eat, or prodding him to do something he wasn’t capable of. Though he knew they meant well, their generosity didn’t stop him from becoming more frustrated.

So when a series of taps against his front door lures him from his slumber, Kouki is bewildered.

Glancing at the clock, his lips purse, wondering who it could be at this hour. Aside from no one being due for a visit at this point of the day, they all had a key for their own access. Perhaps it was a passing salesman. They did have a tendency to come through the apartment building during this time – as annoying and disruptive as it was.

When it ceases, he curls back up in the many blankets he was huddled in, using their false warmth to lure himself back to slumber. But no sooner does he, the knocking recommences.

He groans, raising his head from the pillows. Was he going to have to travel all the way out of his bedroom to stop them? With how persistent the knocking was, Kouki knew that was going to be the only resolution. No matter how much pain he was in.

Gathering what little strength he has for the day, Kouki shuffles toward the disturbance, pausing a moment to undo the lock. Why bother looking to see who it was? That took time, time he could be spending back in bed when he