rise and fall in his chest, and for some reason that puts Harry at ease, knowing that they're both in the same boat.

The red light catches his eye and he realises he's going to have to make this interesting if they want people to buy it. So he traces his fingers up Niall's thigh, slowly and delicately, making Niall's hips jerk up the closer Harry gets to the line of his boxers.

He slips his hand underneath the silky material, but not far enough to touch Niall's cock, which is now so vividly noticeable through his underwear it makes Harry want to rip them off and deep throat him until Niall starts to sob.

But he takes his time. Because they're on camera.

He shuffles Niall's boxers down his hips until he's visible, and Harry doesn't hesitate at all before his hand wraps around the base of it, making Niall breathe in sharply. It’s a good thing they’re not afraid to show themselves on camera like this.

"You like that?" Harry says, his hand stroking Niall's length.

"Y-yeah,"

"You wanna come in my mouth?"

Harry watches as Niall clutches onto the bed sheets, sucking in a deep breath. "Jesus Christ."

He takes that as a yes and lowers his mouth onto Niall's cock, moving his tongue as his head moves up and down. Niall starts to move his hips upwards, and Harry loosens his hand so Niall can fuck into Harry's mouth how he pleases.

Niall's hand fists itself into Harry's curls, pulling whenever Niall pulls out of Harry's mouth. And when Niall starts to moan, loud, Harry's still not sure whether that's for the camera or not.

Harry’s hands grip onto Niall’s inner thighs as he hallows out his cheeks, making it easier for Niall to slip in and out. He can feel his erection hardening with every breath Niall makes, every sound. And when he reaches climax, Harry thinks it may be the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.

He comes in his mouth and Harry wipes it with the back of his hand. He crawls over Niall again, kissing his cheek. Niall moves his hand over Harry's body, still panting from his orgasm. His hand runs over Harry's side, then down to his hips, and his hand finds Harry's penis and Niall squeezes it once before he starts pulling.

Harry knows that once he comes that's the end of the recording. That's what they had agreed to before they started getting ready for this - they get each other off and that's it - but they never said anything about how.

And although having Niall's hand rubbing up and down him is great, so great, Harry still has another idea.

He kisses Niall on the mouth, then says, "Finger me."

Niall locks eyes with him for the first time since they started, and his hand pauses on his erection.

"Finger you?"

"Yeah,"

Harry takes Niall's working hand and places it in the middle of his butt. Niall swallows hard.

"Alright," He says, voice cracking in the middle of it.

So Harry moves to the middle of the bed, placing his knees and hands to the mattress, making sure his bottom is sticking out enough for Niall - and the camera.

He hears Niall licking his fingers so it’s easier to slide in and Harry takes in a slow, deep breath. He wants to last long, doesn’t want to finish straight away.

Then Niall's finger begins to touch his rim and circle around, and the initial shock of it is enough for Harry to tense up. But he relaxes as soon as Niall inserts one finger, easing it in slowly, probably afraid that if he were any faster, it'd hurt Harry.

Second knuckle in and Harry's eyes start to roll into the back of his head. It's such a different feeling than when he does it himself, Niall's fingers are stronger, a lot rougher than Harry's bony, dainty ones.

And when Niall inserts a second finger, Harry lets out a moan that was half real, and half meant for the camera.

"Fuck, yes," Harry cries out as Niall curls his fingers inside him.

"You like that?" Niall asks, trying to sound in control, but the slight quiver in his voice turns that away.

Harry nods, wrapping his hand on his cock. He's not going to last, he can feel it. But he holds on just a little bit longer, he wants to try one more thing.

"Fuck me, Niall." Harry manages to say, head facing away from the camera.

"Say it to the camera," Niall tells him, and hovers his fingers over that spot.

"Oh, God." Harry groans, dipping his head. He regains himself, hardly, and says, "Fuck me, Rex."