.”

“Then we have to go to someone who does. My father will know what all this means.”

“Uh, one problem.” Stiles perks up. “How are you supposed to ask without giving away that it’s me who’s been claimed?”

Allison shrugs.

“Great answer.”

“Oh come on, what better option do we have?”

“Hello?” Stiles waves his hands in the air as if the answer were obvious. “Derek.”

“I don’t trust him.” Allison’s eyes darken with her words.

“Well, you’re gonna have to, because he’s not the only one who’s done the claiming.”

Both Scott and Allison stare at Stiles as if he’s grown a second head. This is not an uncommon look coming from his friends, so Stiles decides this is as good a time as any to try falling face first on his bed and getting some shut eye. When he’s dragged back up to standing, again, within two seconds of him flopping onto the mattress, he loses it.

“People! Quit with the pulling and the shoving! I’m tired. I’m entirely too fucked in the head to concentrate right now. AND! You two will both have your asses handed to you if either of your parents find you’re not in your rooms. Now, stop making me sound like the adult here and get out.”

When neither of them move, Stiles sighs and sits down, resigned.

“Fine. Stay. But I’m sleeping.”

 

The next morning, there are two extra people in Stiles’ bed. He’s never experienced a ménage à trois, but he’s feeling pretty damn smug as he sits up to take in his lady companions. When he sees that one lady has huge ass feet with hair on the toes, he freaks.

“What the. . . ?”

“Stiles, is there something you need to explain to me?”

The Sheriff is standing in the doorway to his son’s room, amusement etched on his weather worn face.

“Uhhh . . . “

Stiles’ dad holds up his hands. “Relax, kid. I know you weren’t in here getting French with the decor.”

“What?”

“Just don’t be late for school.” The sheriff turns, closes the door, and shuffles down the hall. It’s only then that Stiles notices a fourth person in the room.

“Holy shit!”

Stiles is grabbing for his trusty pillow again when he sees Derek standing at the foot of the bed, his eyes red.

“Does anyone knock anymore?”

His only answer is a growl.

Stiles arches an eyebrow. “You don’t seriously think that we--” An even louder growl cuts him off mid sentence and Stiles jumps from the middle of the bed, limbs flailing. He’s caged by two
strong arms the next second and feels so constricted, he coughs out a breath, shocked by how tight he’s being held.

“Are you doing this on purpose?” Derek’s nose is buried in Stiles’ neck, and Stiles is pretty sure he feels a warm tongue sucking at his pulse point. It does the work of distracting him before he registers what Derek has asked.

“What? No!”

“Stiles . . . “ Scott is rubbing the sleep out of his eyes when Stiles turns at the mention of his name. He sees the realization hit Scott as soon as the boy is lucid, and suddenly there are two sets of wolf eyes blazing about the room.

“Good grief.”

“What are you doing?”

Scott’s voice is surprisingly gruff and Stiles takes a moment to be impressed, before he’s shaken by the wolfy arm cage he’s being held in.

“We won’t take him from you, just . . . why did you do it, Derek?”

Derek’s grip loosens, and Stiles looks up to see the same crestfallen expression on his face that he’d seen the day before. It makes something spark inside Stiles and he wraps his arms around Derek’s torso, unconsciously rubbing his hands up and down his spine. When he feels a rumble come from Derek’s chest, he knows he’s done something right and smiles.

“Uhh, Stiles?”

Stiles picks his head up from where he’s been nuzzling into Derek’s shoulder and looks over at Scott, all goofball grin and droopy eyes. “Yeah?”

“You’re purring.”

Allison is sitting next to Scott on the bed, her arms folded and her eyes narrowed at Derek. She looks about as menacing as an angry kitten.

“No, I’m not.”

“Yes, you were,” Derek says, whispering into Stiles’ ear.

“Okay!” Allison calls, holding up her hands. “Enough snuggle times.” She checks her phone. “I have twenty minutes before my parents wake up, so you two need to start talking.”

Stiles scowls, clearly disappointed that he has to stop the snuggle times. He likes snuggle