was reminding himself that Tony would be safer and happier without him.



Tony disagreed.  Within a week he had caught up to Bruce in his little shack of a hideout, and he had plenty to say.  



'Banner, for a genius you can be a real moron sometimes.  How could you ever think that my life would be happier without you?  You're the only person I've met who actually speaks English.  Without you the most intelligent conversations I have are with JARVIS, and no offense to J, but you have a lot of things that he doesn't have.  A body, for one.'



'Tony, trouble follows me.  I don't want you to . . . '



'And I never get into trouble?!?  Or create it?!? . . . Bruce, I can handle it.  Whatever challenges come, we can take them on together.  The only thing I can't face is life without you.  Not after I've fallen hopelessly in love with you.'



'I didn't think you did sappy.'



'What can I say?  You've ruined me. . . Speaking of . . .now that you've done that, you could at least make an honest man of me.  Bruce Banner, will you marry me?'



Bruce smiled to himself as the memory surfaced.  He hadn't been expecting Tony to follow him, much less propose, but looking back, he probably should have known.  Either way, he was incredibly grateful.



Tony had wandered upstairs from his workshop one evening and found a note sitting on the nightstand.



"Tony,


I'm very grateful for all that you've done for me, and I'll always remember our time together fondly.  You're the best friend I've ever had, but I've realized how unfair I've been to you by staying here.  I've put you in danger, and I could never live with myself if I repaid all of the kindness you've shown me with trouble.



I wish you all the best,
Bruce"



The message was like a punch to the gut, and Tony was momentarily left stunned, standing statue-still in the middle of his bedroom.  Then, once his brain re-engaged, he realized that he needed to find Bruce.  He didn't see an alternative.  Dangerous or not, life without Bruce would be empty.  He would be left alone and hopeless, like he had been before he met the shy physicist.  Sure, he had put on a good show.  Making it seem like he was always having the time of his life with fast cars and a girl on each arm, but truth be told, he'd been lonely and miserable.







He began his search as soon as he was able to ready a suit, and when he found Bruce a week later, a proposal tumbled out of his mouth.  That hadn't been his plan, but he would be lying if he said he didn't want to marry the best friend, (and lab partner), he'd ever had.  



Thankfully, Bruce had agreed, Tony reflected, as he held the other man a little closer as they continued their first dance.






Sometimes I just hold you 
Too caught up in me to see
 I'm holding a fortune 
That Heaven has given to me
    
  


Then he met the rumpled scientist/rage monster.  The man that was standing on the bridge of SHIELD's Helicarrier looking like he just wanted to disappear, and practically vibrating with nervous energy.  In that moment, everything had changed.  Suddenly, he'd met his match.  Someone who could keep up with him.  Someone who he actually ENJOYED working with that he hadn't built.  Someone who saw him for who he really was, and wanted to be with him anyway.  The one person he would gladly lose his 'everything' for, because it seemed like 'nothing' in comparison.  Bruce was worth far more than any of it.



Bruce was sure if his life were a story, it would be some sort of Greek tragedy where 'the gods were against him.'  At least it had always seemed that way.  He'd repeatedly seen and experienced the worst in people, and the worst in himself could take physical form.  He certainly wasn't the favorite son of any cosmic force or god that might be out there.  



If you had asked him a few years ago if he believed in a higher power, he would have said that if there was one, they must have an incredibly cruel sense of humor.  Now, as he looked loving at the best thing to ever happen to him, he wondered if there might not be some sort of plan.  Tony was certainly heaven-sent, and if all of the things that had happened before in his life had led him to this moment, maybe they hadn't been so pointless after all.






I'll try to show you
 Each and every way I can 
Now & Forever, 
I will be your man 
    
  


I, Anthony Edward Stark . . . 



take you, Anthony