, it’s for later,” Jace promises. He locks eyes with Alec for a moment, something intense and heavy passing between them, before Alec puts the toddler tee aside and continues going through the bags.

Alec finds two matching black and orange jack-o-lantern tees, and tosses one to Jace. He makes quick work of slipping off his shirt and replacing it with the ridiculous Halloween one, watching happily as Jace does the same.

“You bought so much food,” Alec says, dumping Jace’s treat haul on the floor, “Two Rice Krispy treat...bouquets? Shaped like Mickey? Really?”

“Shut up. You love it,” Jace replies. He grabs one of the bouquets and tears off the plastic wrapping. He bites into a Rice Krispy treat, sighing in content as the crispy texture and marshmallow glaze over his tongue.

“Okay, gummy candy corn though?”

“Yeah, now you can enjoy a time honored Halloween tradition without the taste of dish soap assaulting your buds.”

“And all the home decor?” Alec asks. He tilts his head up to look at Jace.

“Yeah, look at all this stuff for our apartment!”

“Our...apartment?”

“Oh, yeah. I forgot to ask,” Jace responds. He crawls over to his luggage, returning with a small ring box. Jace kneels in front of Alec and opens it. Alec relaxes when he sees the contents: a key dangling from a silver chain, “Will you move in with me?”

“Is this because you can’t afford rent now that we’ve gone to Disneyland?”

“Haha, very funny,” Jace says, balancing the box in one hand so he can run the other through Alec’s hair, “It’s because we’ve been together for almost a year...and it’s weird  not  living with you now that we’re not in college anymore. I dunno, I just like having you around all the time.”

“I  am  around all the time. I practically live there now.”

“Well then you should have your own key.”

“I’ll move in with you,” Alec laughs. He takes the necklace from the box and clasps it around his neck. Jace tosses the box to the side and tackles Alec to the floor, pressing chaste kisses all over his face, “Get off of me, you filthy animal.”

“The amount of Haunted Mansion shit I got you is unreal,” Jace says, leaning back to rest on his knees. He hands a heavy messenger bag toward Alec, “You have no idea.”

Alec unzips the wallpaper printed bag, face lighting up as he discovers each item.

“Bride headband? Seriously?”

“Yeah, and you better wear it. I didn’t buy it for my health,” Jace responds, watching as Alec puts aside the item in question.

Alec retrieves a replica of the Haunted Mansion skeleton key, “How funny would it have been if you asked me to move in with you with this instead of your actual apartment key?”

“You would’ve loved that,” Jace says. Alec hums, nods a little, and continues going through his accidental haul.

“With all the Halloween decor you bought, our apartment is going to look festive all year ‘round.”

“Oh no. You’ll be happy all the time,” Jace says, smirking, “What a shame.”

“Why a picture frame?” Alec asks, grabbing the Haunted Mansion style picture frame and waving it in front of Jace’s face.

“Oh yeah, we can put our wedding photo in there.”

“Wedding...photo?”

“Oh, yeah. That’s right. I forgot to ask,” Jace says. He turns to move away. Alec hyperventilates for a few seconds before Jace turns around, face split in a gigantic grin, “I’m just fucking with you!”

Alec punches him in the shoulder, harder than ever before, “You’re a fucking asshole!”

Alec finds a pair of lounge pants in the bag and takes off the jeans he's wearing, shimmying out of them to slide on the pajama bottoms.

“You look ridiculous in that outfit!”

“Who cares? I’m very comfy right now,” Alec replies, picking a mug up out of the bag. He inspects it then gingerly places it on the floor beside his leg, “Half of this shit is gonna get destroyed on the way home.”

Alec brings an iPhone case out of the bag and pops his old case off. A thrill spikes through his stomach at the creepy wallpaper now adorning the back of his phone.

The last thing he finds is a copy of ‘Songs from the Haunted Mansion’ on vinyl. He beams and tugs Jace into a hug, chests colliding with the force of his excitement and gratitude.

“Now we don’t have to listen to ‘The Monster Mash’ all the time when you’re feeling retro,” Jace mumbles into his neck.

Alec is sore, tired, and a little miserable by the time they finish hitting up the Treat Trail.