. Again. Again. AGAIN. Her rage, her loneliness, and her disappointment were being released in this act of mercy- this act of protectiveness. 

If she couldn’t save Alya, maybe she could at least prevent whoever had shown up the joy of having to rid themselves of two Zombies.

	Her guests must have heard her because the door to the room she was in had been kicked open and two people she recognized stood at the door, weapons in the air. Do it. Please. The voice in her head taunted, and she took another swing at the body on the floor, ignoring them.

	The visitors, Nino and Adrien, were covered in blood and dirt, much like herself, and had shocked looks on their faces. Adrien saw what Marinette had been swinging at, and quickly moved to cover Nino’s eyes. 

	He was too late. Nino had seen, and swallowed before dropping his weapon and carefully moving towards the girl with the axe.

	“Hey Nette,” He cooed, carefully tiptoeing with his hands held up in a I’m-not-here-to-hurt-you way, “Come here.” 

	Marinette looked up, looked through him, her eyes haunted. She dropped the axe, and it fell with a thud. There was silence for a heartbeat before she broke down, almost falling backwards in an attempt to put space between her and the corpse before Nino made the leap to catch her.

	“Shh- shh, I’m here. We’re here. Adrien’s here, we’re alright, it’s okay,” He said softly, pushing her face into his neck as he rubbed her back and cradled her. “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry Nette. We’re here. She forgives you. I’ve got you.”

	That made Marinette sob harder, pulling the boy she clung to closer.

	Adrien watched the scene, unsure of what to do. He walked closer, and initiated a group hug after setting his weapon down. He could do this. He could be there for them, even if he hadn’t been there for Paris.

	They sat there like that, all bloodied and bruised and uncertain, for what seemed like hours. Realistically it had been minutes. Nobody said anything as they separated. They all understood, with a look and a nod, that things were going to be okay- well, maybe not okay, but that they could do this. Together.-------------------------------------------

	The reports had started weeks prior, in places all over the world. Freak attacks, people trying to eat other people. People played it off as jokes (someone has gotten into the bath salts again) before anyone realized the gravity of the situation.

	While this had been going on, the kids had still been going to classes. After all, no one in France had been caught trying to eat anyone. There were still classes, and TV, and homework, and Akuma. Life went on like usual.

	Then, the reports started saying things like quarantining cities and shutting borders were a good idea. This worried everyone a little, the situation becoming more serious. Adrien worried that his dad might not be able to come home for awhile. Life continued on. Afterall, France was still unaffected.

	The first attack was right at home, in Paris. Alya had managed to catch it on tape, thinking the phenomenon had to do with a world wide Akuma. 

	Ladybug and Chat noir showed up, only to find that they couldn’t do a thing. Lucky charm didn’t work, they couldn’t fix this. People began panicking. The heroes began panicking. The Kwami had no idea what was going on. They said that Master Fu might know what to do.

	Ladybug went first, asking why she couldn’t do anything. Why she couldn’t stop this, why she couldn’t save them, why she was now suddenly useless. Fu smiled sadly and said that she wasn’t useless. He gave no more answers, but a suggestion.

	“Maybe the Kwami should go back to rest. For protection. Just for now.”

	Marinette was in shock. She’d have to tell Chat. This was no suggestion, it was an order.

	Her last time as Ladybug, she broke the news to Chat Noir. She tried not to cry, acting brave as all of Paris held it’s breath to see how their heroes would save them once again. Chat Noir got angry, refused to lose his Kwami and his best friend. He fled, hurt, when he suggested sharing their civilian identities as a compromise and she had denied it.

	She returned to Fu, as he sealed Tikki. The goodbye was short. He took her earrings, wishing her luck and to stay safe.

	She cried the entire night.

	Three days after that, the city was going crazy. Their heroes were nowhere to be seen and things were getting worse. Someone from class started a group chat when classes got cancelled two days after the first attack, asking what safety plans were. Max suggested a