of the blade on your skin, its coolness and polished glide. Know the blunt edge as well as the sharp one. Have your blood drawn by it before you seek to draw the blood of an opponent, be it symbolically or not. Learn to love it as an extension of the body, and your teacher as an extension of the soul. In any prospective lessons, we will move and act as one.”

And then, just after she had blinded him with the dark cloth, meticulously ensuring that he could not even look down the sides of his nose and thereby cheat, she had whispered near his ear, “If, at any point in time, you wish to stop this, say ‘onegai.’”

Simon was slightly perplexed when he could feel something tugging at the front of his shirt, undoing the ties. A few seconds thereafter, he heard quiet footsteps moving towards his back, and then, the plain black garment was pulled off his shoulders by the collar, Dr. Cykes’ fingers never making direct contact with him. The fabric settled over his bound hands.


What…?


The touch came. Slim fingers, warm and deceptively soft, brushing over his bared chest.

“Do not flinch away. Learn to anticipate. Learn to savor.”

At this point, he was wondering whether Metis Cykes had somehow sensed that, although he was genuinely interested in benefiting from her expertise with blades, part of his request had been born out of the fact that he had found himself increasingly attracted to his mentor recently, as this test seemed to have very little to do with swordplay. She had even given him a safeword…

He exhaled slowly when the hand was removed from his body.

If this was not meant to be sexual, though, he was very likely to humiliate himself in front of her sooner rather than later, should things progress like this for any amount of time. The fleeting touch she had just bestowed upon him had already served to make his cock stir slightly.

Simon’s thoughts were interrupted by sudden sleek coolness coming in contact with his pectorals. Bared steel.

Dr. Cykes laughed quietly at his sharp intake of breath. “Calm your mind. Feel how cold the blade is, how it gradually warms as it rests against you… but the warmth is a lie, a false sense of security. Recognize its untruth.”

The flat side of the sword was now slowly drawn across his skin, warmness at its departing end replaced with renewed coolness of untouched steel until it was gone.

Nothing happened for a long moment.

Then, something hard, yet rounded and warm settled against his forehead, and when sweet breath washed over his cheek, he knew her face to be close to his own.

At the same time, her fingernails gently drew a path upward on his abdomen from the waistband of his pants to just below his nipples.

“On the other hand,” Dr. Cykes whispered, “even the sharp edge of the sword, though always dangerous, must not be feared. Check your breathing for me now.”

Her hand was replaced by long, cool sharpness, scraping along the trail of her nails like a straight razor.

Keeping his breath as shallow as possible became a battle as Simon felt himself growing hard.

After what seemed like an eternity, the blade was lifted away again – only for the flat side to settle coldly against the right side of his neck.

He gasped slightly at the sudden sensation before he could stop himself.

“The sword can end life and spare life, can maim or protect,” she murmured near his left ear, the contrast between her warm breath on one side and the cool blade on the other perilously enticing.

“Are you willing to feel its sting?”

All movement ceased, and Simon knew she was awaiting his answer.

“Y…yes,” he managed to get out hoarsely, bracing himself for the cut to which he had just agreed.

Instead, the blade ceased contact with his skin again, replaced by her soft, warm fingertips.

“Although you can endeavor to anticipate it, it will never come while you are fully prepared…”

The fingers drew across his throat and then downward, slowly trailing along his breast bone, his stomach, his navel, and then gradually opened his pants.

Simon could not suppress a tremble when Dr. Cykes carefully released his by now almost painfully hard cock from his underwear.

“Be very, very still now…”

He had barely time to prepare himself before the flat side of the cold length of steel was gently placed against the underside of his erection.


“Ah!”


Trust warred with emerging fear upon feeling the sword there, her words about unanticipated cuts only spurring on the sudden release of adrenaline, particularly when the sleek metal began to glide…

“You are safe with me,” his mentor soothed, once again close to his ear, as she heard his breathing quickening rapidly. “You always will be. Do you believe me?”

Simon was tempted to nod, as he did not trust himself entirely to speak anymore at this point, but was aware that any movement on his part could invite a cut now.

“Yes, sensei…”

“