spilling over.  She wonders if Faith's heart is pounding as fast as hers.

There's magic in Sunnydale.  Not Willow's magic, dark and powerful, nor Tara's forces of connection and love.  It's the Hellmouth and it's people and it's somehow just the way the world works, but while the whole town empties the Bronze stays full.  People run from murder and pollution but they'll stay for demons.  They're dancing the world away and maybe they believe they're dying.

Dawn knows she isn't.  She's living.  It's hard to be any other way when there's a Slayer at her side, growling at guys who show too much interest, wrapping an arm around Dawn's waist and resting her hand just where the oh-so-short skirt ends.  Dawn leans into her.  Faith's skin is warm and there is a lot of skin right now.  The leather pants ride low on her hips, and the shirt shows off a gorgeous strip of stomach, tanned and toned and Dawn tickles her fingers over it, just to feel Faith's muscles jump and twitch under her touch.

The bouncer waves them in--Faith has saved his life too many times for him to ask for cover--and then they're in, and this is Faith's world where Dawn often feels like a visitor.

Not tonight.

She dances.

Faith lets the rhythm slam through her and moves with the music so easily it's like the bass line takes life from her heartbeat.  Dawn dances more slowly, she swims through this alien sea, and it's not with the beat but in syncopation.  She follows after wherever Faith leads and they dance so closely, so close.

"You're like lightning," Faith says again, between songs, leaning in to breathe hot breath on Dawn's neck.  "You're like one of those balls...with the electricity inside...all the squiggly lines reaching out from the center to the glass.  And I know..."  She chuckles, and her hands tighten on Dawn's hips.  "If I touch you...all that energy will come straight to me..."  And she pushes her hips forward, and Dawn gasps.

"Oh..."

The next song blares its opening chords then, and Dawn knows her moan is lost in the speakers' roar, but Faith captures her mouth and tastes the sound of her surrender.

They kiss, long and deep, and they dance, and there is no difference.

Faith kisses like she's screaming into thunder, defying danger, wild and wet and calling down the storm from the skies.

Dawn dances like lightning.

When Dawn was real, she studied Chernobyl in school. Her teacher showed pictures of people after Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  Dawn learned that weird radiation gives people cancer.

(When Dawn was real, Mom didn't die.)

Faith's kisses are like power, surging through Dawn's body and setting her alight.  She outshines the strobe lights and the lasers flashing around the dancefloor.  She can't feel the anonymous touch of other bodies brushing hers, because she is in Faith's arms and there is nothing else in the world.

Dawn wants to shout I love you above the ocean surge of dancers, but she has promised herself that she will escape Sunnydale before she offers Faith something she might not accept.  It seems impossible that the First can be winning, not when Dawn is surrounded by people and falling frantically into Faith's kisses.  But they could, they could all die before this is over.

So Dawn cups Faith's face between her hands and learns all over again every inch of her; the eyes full of lust and arrogance and power; her lips, swollen and moist with kisses and Dawn thinks I did that, I kissed her that hard; the line of her nose, the fall of her hair, the sweat and smoke scented darkness that surrounds her.

"Hey," Faith says, "hey," because she seems to know when Dawn is turning serious.

Dawn leans her forehead against Faith's and closes her eyes, and she tries to feel every part of her where it is pressed against Faith's.  They're both hot and sweaty and Dawn loves the effort of dancing, because there are so many ways she can know Faith's body here, not like at home.

"Faith," she says, opens her eyes, and Faith is staring back at her.  Her pulse leaps in the hollow of her throat.  They are dancing slowly now, apart from the crowd, alone here on the edge of the world.

Faith smiles slow and sweet, showing dimples, and she kisses Dawn butterfly-soft, on her lips, the tip of her nose, each eyelid.  "I love you," she says, not like she's surprised, not like she's never said those words before (Dawn knows she hasn't), but like it's true, like it's real.

Dawn feels that love like a