something dreadful. It’s not about being effortlessly rapt—hell, it took Niall to like Zayn in two months as friends, even with his horrid jokes. But Niall will constantly be smiling, and Zayn will always too. It will always be that funny to him that Niall forgets he’s self-conscious about his braces, and let a big smile out, not caring that at 19 in university, he’s wearing braces. And it wasn’t ugly. In fact, they’re one of the hottest thing Zayn notices about Niall, second to his eyes. But that’s just looks, and he’s got tons that have nothing to do with looks. He’ll admit Niall wasn’t up to his standards until he got to know him.
All aside, it’s not easy to keep a straight face around Niall as much as he wants. He’ll break it for him without doing anything. He doesn’t have to be there for Zayn to smile. Any kind of moment in class, such as when the professor is giving one of the most brain-dead lectures, Zayn would smile remembering he has Niall on his contact list. It’s things like those that spark this kind of unexplainable introversion that Zayn hates having that kind of feeling flow within him. He wants to hide, he doesn’t like that his cheeks flush red through his tan skin, and he really doesn’t like anyone asking him anything about it.Why are you smiling like that? They would ask him anyway.Nothing! It’s just you see—I’m dating an idiot who—I don’t know why—is dating me. He should say, but instead would answer, nothing.
Niall was his own kind of happiness, but not the one he wants to tell people that he feels butterflies in his stomach for. It’s not like he needs to tell anyone, they see it already. He doesn’t know it though.
Yet, that’s just it—that’s how he knows Niall’s good for him.
It’s just as worse for Niall too. He’ll start to fake his laugh for Zayn so he doesn’t end up with a joke no one laughed at. Somewhere along that line, he’ll crack up genuinely, without a clue. It doesn’t take long for him to realize that he’s laughing at Zayn’s happiness. His eyes would gleam and form wrinkles in the corner. He’ll laugh at Zayn, and avoid the teasing until later because there’s no other way to thank Zayn for wanting to make him happy and he is. He really is.
Zayn pecks the side of his head, feeling his soft hair against his face as he cossets Niall away from the crowd’s attention that were still being thrown towards their way. He wants to take him away so badly and just be alone with him. No people and certainly none of Zayn's friends; just them two and chicken wings or pizza, and he’ll watch Niall devour the 4th piece of pizza and realize Zayn hasn’t gotten his fair share. He’ll let him have it anyways. He doesn’t mind; he just hopes he leaves him the crust.
“Why are ya friends so—gngh!” Niall asks, turning his head to the right, proving his point, and buries his face immediately down. “—Keep lookin’ at me.”
“Acquaintances.” Zayn corrects him. He barely knows anyone’s name. He just says “hey!” or “yo!” when he sees them. They respond pretty well to it. “Just don’t mind them.”
“I can feel them staring into my soul. I don’t even have to look.” With a derisive huff, Niall leans off of Zayn.
“They want to steal you away from me, and I won’t let’em!”
He becomes pressed by Zayn; yelping over the music without everyone turning to look at what Zayn’s craziness has him doing. Zayn bobs his chin on the curve of his neck; feeling the grazes of his stubble and the jabs he’s pushing down with his chin on that one spot that could’ve killed Zayn if he pushed down any harder. The neck is the worst spot on him. It beats being poked on both sides. It was 10 times that pain on his neck than his sides.
“Hah! Zayn! Stop!” Niall hiccups between his laugh before prodding his finger in Zayn’s armpit, causing him to flinch back and tighten his arm down. He frowns at Niall—almost resembling a toddler who couldn’t get his way. He suddenly laughs with a great amount of pity for himself before turning Niall around to hug his arms around his waist.
“Zayn!” If Niall can remember, his name is Ant or Anthony; maybe both. “Gettin' some drinks?”
“Maybe later, alright?” Zayn laughs quietly at Niall trying to free himself. He doesn’