, Keith did know Lance, and they hadn't told anyone they were dating because they wanted to see if there was even anything to tell. So he should probably talk to Lance about this first, but honestly, he already couldn't imagine his life without Lance in it and it had only been 2 months, and he didn't want to lie to his brother. He cleared his throat and sent a silent prayer to whoever was listening that he wasn't making a mistake. "Yeah, actually."

He was proud that his voice was remaining steady, but he still hestitated and tried to shoo down a flutter of nerves, because this wasn't how he'd pictured this morning going when he'd answered his phone.

"So are you going to tell me or make me guess?"

Shiro took a deep breath. "No, it's just... Do you remember Lance McClain?"

"Yes?" There was another short pause during which Shiro held his breath that was broken by a sudden burst of laughter. "Wait, seriously?"

He glanced back at the couch to find Lance watching him, arms crossed over the back and blue eyes concerned. Shiro realized he was twirling a fork nervously through his fingers and forced himself to stop and put it down. He shot Lance what he hoped was a reassuring smile. Maybe he even pulled it off, because Lance dropped his cheek down onto his folded arms and shot him a soft smile in return. "Yes, seriously."

"Mr. flirt with every female within a 20-mile radius?"

"That was in high school, Keith. He's grown up since then."

"He's watching SpongeBob in your living room."

Shiro snorted out a laugh. "Fair point."

Keith made a speculative noise. "He always had the biggest crush on you in school. He tried to hide it by flirting with everyone in sight, but it was kind of obvious."

Shiro blinked and turned his attention back to Lance, who was still watching him over the couch with an expression that was midway between questioning and concerned. "Really? I didn't know that."

"You always were kind of oblivious."

Shiro sighed and started to toy with the fork again. "Or I was trying to be an adult and freaking out about being deployed and you guys were 17 and not really on my radar. You know. Whichever."

"I'm going with oblivious."

"You would."

"So what changed?"

Shiro felt his cheeks flush with the memory of the night when everything had changed and turned to finish putting the breakfast dishes in the sink even though Keith couldn't see him over the phone. "Like I said, he grew up."

"Yeah, I don't think I want to know." Shiro choked out a tight laugh, because no, he probably didn't. "So if you think it's serious, why are you questioning your life choices?"

That one he could answer. "Because I'm trying really hard not to think my boyfriend is hot while laughing at a talking starfish? I mean, that's weird, isn't it?"

Keith sighed. "All of this is weird. Boyfriend, huh?"

"Yeah." Shiro stopped and stared at the wall. "I don't think I've ever said that out loud before."

"Not even to him?"

"No." Shiro pushed away from the sink. "I should probably go."

"Please tell me it's to talk and not to have kinky SpongeBob-related sex, because I don't think I can deal with that."

"I make no promises."

"Shiro!"

"I'll call you later, okay?"

"Okay. Be safe!"

Shiro rolled his eyes as Keith parroted his own often-used words back at him and hung up. Dropping his phone onto the counter, he walked the short distance to the living room and dropped down into the corner of the couch Lance had vacated in favor of watching him. He reached out and pulled the younger man close enough that he was practically on his lap and buried his face in his neck. Lance let out a startled laugh but went with the movement. 

"Hey, babe." One hand patted the arms locked tightly around his stomach. Lance turned his head slightly back, but Shiro kept his face buried.

"I may have just told Keith about us."

Lance hummed and tugged gently on the streak of white hair just above his forehead in an attempt to coax him into raising his head. "I kinda thought so. How did it go?"

Shiro shifted enough that he could glance up toward Lance's face. "Okay? Better than I thought it would."

Lance huffed out a laugh and tugged slightly harder. "Meaning that he didn't threaten to smite me to defend your honor?"

Shiro blinked and sat up just enough to really see Lance's expression. "Smite you? Really? Who says that?"

Lance just shrugged, eyes still a little too intent. "I may