try to find a new job after the first week when he had showed up every day.

Because you like to study dangerous things.A little voice piped up.

"Miss Wilkins, right?" He smiled politely, his hands folded under his chin as he studied her thoughtfully.

"Yes." She bit her bottom lip, trying to avoid his gaze, remembering that he was a master legilimens in the future and might still be one now.

"It's not polite to look away from the person you're talking to." He pointed out, voice teasing but dark eyes hard. Like a naughty child she felt reluctantly compelled to look at them and found her gaze meeting his and couldn't look away.

"Or should I say Granger." He appeared highly amused now as she tried desperately to look away, or close her eyes. Anything to break their connection as her fears were confirmed. What was wrong with her, why couldn't she move?

"Oh yes." His voice was far too seductive, it made her clench her thighs together and increased the beat of her heart, "You're going to sacrifice everything for me."

His deep chuckle filled the air and a sense of helplessness overtook her, she knew, without a doubt, that Tom would fulfill that promise.

Prompt: Bunny

Pairing: Tomione

"You're ridiculous, there is no way I am wearing that." Tom sneered, pointing at the hideous bunny suit Hermione was holding, "I'd rather fondle Merlin's saggy testicles before even putting that thing alone near my head." He motioned to the giant bunny mask with a shudder of distaste.

"That's crude." Hermione made a face of disgust and stepped closer to him, holding out the costume, "It;s just for a little while, Tom." She wasn't above pleading, "It would mean a lot to the kids."

"Why a bunny, why couldn't it be something fun like a snake." He pushed the outfit back at her, making her sigh in frustration.

"Because it's Easter, you know, the holiday where the giant rabbit delivers candy filled eggs to children, not giant snakes." She shoved the costume into his arms, "Now march right into that room, change, and get your cute arse back out here before I curse it off."

A smirk slowly made it's way on his face, "So you think my arse is cute?" He countered, looking quite smug.

"Yes, which is why it would be a shame if I had to curse it off, now go." She pointed at the room, looking up at him sternly until he admitted defeated and went to change. Now it was Hermione's turn to be smug, she loved it when she got her way.

It didn't take long for Tom to finish changing and she heard a muffled voice telling her not to laugh before he made his way out back into the hall where she was waiting.

She tried so hard to keep a straight face but the corners of her face kept twitching up and small giggles made their way out as she tried to talk, nearly making it impossible to get out what she was trying to say, "Y-You look soooo c-cute." She finally got out, laughing so hard that a snort came out, causing her to laugh even harder.

"Shut. It." The mask was still muting his words, causing Hermione to lose it all over again. The costume was ridiculous, no pants, giant fuzzy tail, a vest and fluffy ears to top it all of. It was perfect.

"Are you done yet?" Even though she couldn't see his face Hermione could tell he was unamused.

"Oh goodness, yes, sorry. You're just so precious." She wiped a tear, taking a deep breath before retrieving the basket full of treat-filled eggs and handing it to him.

"Shoo, shoo." She did a shooing motion with her hands, "Go pass them out to the cute little students before they wonder what happened to their Professors."

"You're evil." He muttered, barely audible as he hopped off, knowing Hermione would get onto him if he did anything less.

Satisfied that he would do as she said she made her way to the large table in the great hall where all the other Professors were already eating, "Hello Albus." She greeted her mentor, smiling.

"I see Tom is in the holiday spirit." His eyes were twinkling as he watched the white rabbit bounding up and down the aisles, passing out the plastic eggs.

"Oh yes, I couldn't impede his enthusiasm at all, he was so very eager to assist me this morning." Dumbledore began laughing, seeing through Hermione's innocent facade just as easily as he saw through Tom's when he was a student.

"So I take it he wasn't pleased at all?" He popped an after breakfast lemon drop in his mouth, sucking on it cheerfully.

"Not in the slightest, but he