him anyway.

The bomb was ready only days later, and of course Rodney had to watch as Minister Cowen deployed it.

They didn't use it against the Wraith. They sent it against Atlantis.

Kolya's hand-picked squad of commandos didn't try anything fancy this time. They dialled Atlantis with promises of his return and when the shield was down they sent the bomb through; and no one could stop a countdown that Rodney had engineered, and the whole city was burning before he could even bow his head or look away.

Kolya ordered his men through the gate, afterwards. They were going to take Atlantis, and its weapons, and not one of them cared if they had to walk through a thousand rads to get them.

"You're going to die of radiation poisoning, you're all going to die, don't you fucking get it, you'll die!" Rodney screamed, but they ripped him away and flung him into a cage, and Atlantis was gone, Elizabeth was gone, every scientist, every marine, every Athosian who'd trusted them, they were gone, he was alone, and he would never ever ever get home...

Rodney woke up panting. He was in his room, safe, and there was still a week before he'd have to invent another way to stall the work on the bomb.

But the nightmares had begun.

The next morning he refused to work until they brought him to Acastus Kolya.

Rodney folded his arms and lifted his chin. "No," he said.

"No?" Kolya enquired, in the sort of way Rodney knew sent minions scurrying.

"No," he repeated, and ignored the tiny break in his voice.

"Please, Dr. McKay, my time is limited. Explain yourself."

"No," Rodney said, "no, I'm not going to cooperate. Colonel Sheppard is alive, and he'll probably burst in here at any moment, with more guns than Teyla could shake a stick at. I made a mistake, and I know what you're thinking, this is the guy we've given all our nuclear test files to, but it's not that kind of mistake. It was Colonel Sheppard. He's not as moronic as any of us think, and he'll get here sooner or later. So no. I'm not going to finish your damn bomb. And you can kill me, or you can--"

"No, no," Kolya said, "you don't need to elaborate. Killing you is fine."

"Oh--well, I had some other suggestions--" Rodney cleared his throat, then straightened his back. "But, just killing, okay. I'm sure I'll still get rescued. John's timing is ridiculous like that."

Kolya shook his head sadly. "Are you? Certain?"

"Well..." Rodney glanced at the guards behind him, at the thick stone walls, and he knew his spine was crumbling, but he pressed on, "well, um--"

"After you betrayed him," Kolya said. "After you turned him over to your enemies to save your own small, petty life. Perhaps the colonel is not so forgiving as you seem to think."

Rodney slumped. It was probably true. Yes, maybe there'd been something between him and John on Atlantis, and maybe John had survived incredible odds just to come back and yell at him; but maybe that's all it was, and now he'd lost his chance forever. Who'd bother rescuing him a second time, when the first attempt had ended so disastrously? Only a moron. And John wasn't one, no matter how passable his imitation was at times.

Rodney tightened his lips, and when his guards dragged him back to the lab, he started working for real.

That night, they began to torture John. Little by little, Kolya wound a winch that moved the wall of bars between his cell and Steve's. "Believe me, Colonel Sheppard," he said, "by the time we're done here, you'll crawl when I say crawl."

Steve grinned like a shark, his feeding hand already extended between the bars, walking forward. John put his back to the wall and waited: there was nothing else he could do.

He closed his eyes and tried to take his brain away. He imagined that he was in a puddlejumper, on some planet where they'd never heard of the Wraith, and he was flying; flying, with Rodney bitching at him from the co-pilot's seat, flying--

--and then his world exploded, because the Wraith's fingers burrowed into him, and they were everywhere, the nails like razors digging into his sternum, past his ribs, so deep into his chest and he'd thought it would be like acid, like fire, but the pain was the cold pain of adrenaline that stopped his heart, stopped it in agony, ripped him to the bone and sucked the marrow