?” The worry in Kathryn’s voice was evident.

Before she could reply, Tom’s loud laughter reached them and B’Elanna winced at the sound. She cast a glance in his direction and whispered softly. “I’m just feeling a little invisible lately, that’s all.”

 

Kathryn saw her look at Tom again and felt a flash of anger towards the man for causing B’Elanna pain like that. “He’s an idiot for not giving you the attention you deserve...”

She hadn’t meant to say that out loud.

B’Elanna just cast her a sad smile. “Or maybe I am the idiot for wanting something that apparently only exists in fairy tales.”

Shaking her head, Kathryn spoke softly. “Just because he can’t give it to you, doesn’t mean it can’t be real B’Elanna.”

The younger woman looked so forlorn that Kathryn reached out and squeezed her hand comfortingly.

B’Elanna let out a shuddering breath and closed her eyes.

 

As Neelix arrived with the plates, Kathryn retracted her hand to make room and B’Elanna had to resist the urge to grab it again. She briefly wondered why, but before she could come up with an answer her own plate arrived, and her attention shifted to the food in front of her.

“Why Neelix! This looks simply delicious!” Kathryn complemented appreciatively. She sampled something from her plate. “Mmm, and it tastes even better!”

Filled with pride, Neelix blushed slightly. “Thank you Captain. It’s been my pleasure preparing everything.”

Smiling slightly at the obvious satisfaction on the Talaxian’s face, B’Elanna started eating, determined to enjoy her meal.

 

~

 

Kathryn eyed the table overflowing with desserts for a moment, before deciding on a bowl of coffee ice cream.

Chakotay suddenly appeared next to her. “Had a nice chat during dinner?”

She took a spoonful of ice cream before replying. “I’m a little worried about her. Apparently things between her and Tom are not going very well.”

Raising his eyebrows, Chakotay grabbed a piece of Pecan pie. “So, isn’t that a good thing for your ‘case’?”

Kathryn rolled her eyes. “Stop it. I hate to see her miserable like that. All I really want is for her to be happy.”

“How very noble of you.” Chakotay countered dryly.

 

~

 

Megan Delaney reached for a bowl of Terranut soufflé and accidentally brushed against a dessert with a lot of whipped cream on it.

“Ow damn! There’s friggin’ whipped cream on my finger. I hate that stuff!” she cursed and looked for a napkin. Not finding one, she pointed her finger to her sister. “Lick this off for me, Jenny, please.”

“No way, I’m having Tuwaly pie and that doesn’t go together with whipped cream.” Jenny replied.

“Great.” Megan muttered and looked around, seeing Tom Paris standing next to her. She extended her finger towards him. “Hey Tom! Lick this off for me will you? I hate whipped cream.”

“Sure.” Tom smiled and licked off the whipped cream causing Megan to giggle.

 

A few meters away, B’Elanna turned around and froze, not believing what she saw.

Tom had Megan Delaney’s finger in his mouth and seemed not about to let it go anytime soon.

Her first instinct was to go over there and tell him where he could shove that finger. But as she saw Tom winking seductively at the girl and asking for more, she turned and stalked out of the Mess Hall with tears welling up in her eyes.

She couldn’t decide who she hated the most: him for the fact that he was flirting with another woman or herself for putting up with him when he was so obviously unable or unwilling to give her some attention.

 

~

 

Shaking her head disapprovingly, Kathryn had witnessed the whole scene between Tom and Megan. She searched the room for B’Elanna and her eyes fell on the women just as she turned around and noticed her boyfriend’s actions.

“Oh no...” Kathryn whispered softly, her heart breaking at the look of agony on B’Elanna’s face.

As the half-Klingon spun around and hurried out of the room, Chakotay leaned over to Kathryn and whispered urgently in her ear. “Go after her.”

Without hesitation, Kathryn put down her ice cream and determinedly followed the path B’Elanna had taken seconds earlier.

 

Kathryn saw B’Elanna entering a turbolift and made a mad dash for it, slipping inside just before the doors swooshed shut.

“B’Elanna...” She said softly, a little out of breath.

The younger woman turned her head away, not wanting the Captain to see her like that.

Almost desperate to comfort her, Kathryn stepped closer and put her arms around B’Elanna, pulling her into a warm embrace.

That was all it took for B’Elanna to break into sobs and burry her head in Kathryn’s neck.

Slowly stroking her back and murmuring sweet nothings in her hair