together, trying not to smile.


Her eyes do look kind of violet.


Nothing in the job description of the internship that Makoto currently serves hinted at espionage yet he finds himself in a restricted area, in a room at the back of the café, slouching slightly on a hard chair with the chef to his left and one of the waitresses to his right. Their boss stands in front of the three of them, next to a whiteboard that has ‘IDEAS’ written in blue near the top.

“I want to thank you all for coming in early today,” says their boss, Kyouko Kirigiri, who, on this rare occasion, speaks louder than her black heels when they clack against the wooden flooring. Her voice dies away, leaving a buzz that could either be the ceiling fan in need of adjusting or a product of Makoto’s imagination.

The chef, Teruteru, stifles a yawn. His eyes water a bit as he waves a hand dismissively. “It’s not a problem at all, though I am drowsy... but if I were to be given a refreshing drink, then I would be more awake. Something warm and sweet, I reckon. A nectar of some kind would be best, perhaps served by our very own Kirigiri-san. Hm?”

Kyouko twacks the whiteboard with her pen. Makoto and Teruteru both flinch.

Teruteru soon relaxes with a growing smile. “Oh ho,” he says. “So feisty this morning...! Chili from the Kirigiri.”

“In her last investigation,” says Kyouko loudly, and Teruteru pouts, “Koizumi-san discovered that the Whispering Pen has added a new blend to their menu.”

Mahiru Koizumi, the only waitress attending the meeting, nods. Makoto has only worked here for two weeks but he knows enough by now to deduce that Ibuki and Yasuhiro are still at home, most likely asleep.

“It’s not just the refreshments either,” says Mahiru. “Togami has all of his staff dressed in suits. Even that Yamada guy looks like someone I wouldn’t mind bringing home, and Touko-chan and Sonia-chan pull off a style that’s both cute and cool!”

“Do my ears deceive me? Togami-kun, Fukawa-san and Sonia-san all wearing suits? I will need photographic evidence,” says Teruteru, hand over his heart. A few seconds later, he cups his chin, finally looking serious. “From what I could tell, their new blend uses Brazilian Santos as a base. With an almost perfect combination of sweetness and bitterness, the latter being the most dominant flavour and the former the most submissive, it leaves you with an aftertaste that intrigues and pulls you in for more. Also, it contains a hint of chocolate, unless that is just Koizumi-san’s backwash, in which case I would need to probe her mouth with my tongue or another long and sensitive instrument of mine to confirm whether it actually contains any chocolate...”

“Hey, knock it off!” says Mahiru. She twists her body around, angling herself toward Teruteru but remaining seated.

Unfortunately, Makoto sits between them, so he acts as a shield for Teruteru and cowers a bit, bending under Mahiru’s intensity like a burning piece of paper that curls in on itself. Teruteru receives the edge of her anger’s heat and basks in it.

“It’s talk like that which keeps customers away! No girl wants to have lunch in a smutty place, hearing things like that from you,” says Mahiru.

“Hanamura-kun,” says Kyouko with a glare, “I’ve warned you that any further incidents of harassment and I will be forced to relieve you of your services, regardless of the fact that you are this city’s finest chef.”

Teruteru’s chair creaks beneath him as his body gives a jerk. “My apologies! It won’t happen again, I swear.”

Mahiru folds her arms over her chest but seems pacified. Not exactly happy, with her head tilted to one side and her eyes narrowed, but pacified enough to keep quiet.

Makoto finds his voice. “We’re not really in competition with the Whispering Pen, are we? They’re a book shop.”

“At their core, yes,” says Kyouko. She turns her head toward him. “But ever since they incorporated a café into their business, they have been attracting some of our customer base.”

“It’s nothing more than a gimmick,” says Mahiru.

“Quite right!” goes Teruteru. He jabs the air with his index finger. “It makes a mockery of all fine cuisine everywhere! Here, I cook with passion and love, and I pour my fervour, my sweat into each meal, and I strain myself of all other fluids in order to strike that resonant key in a person’s soul like tapping a lover’s pleasure button. There is no intimacy in that shop’s café. No feeling. If we had our own gimmick, I’m certain that we would attract more customers.”

“Huh? Our own gimmick? Like what?” asks Mahiru,