against the bedroom wall, picture frames shaking slightly with the impact. For a second, Levi actually couldn't move, the strength you possessed when pissed off was impressive, but even when he was able to see how to shake the angered woman off, he didn't. 

Remaining seemingly at your mercy, he smiled down and you knew full well he could throw you away with ease now and it enraged you. "Why aren't you fighting back?" you spat at him, trying to figure out what his game plan was. He just stayed still, smiling as he whispered his response. 

"Because you're incredibly tempting when you're upset." The fire died down and with a huff, you let go of him and stormed off to fetch your laptop. It lay alone on the kitchen table, as unknown to you, Mikasa had slipped out to grab her note in the early hours of the morning, trying to eliminate any sign that she was here.

Levi leant against the wall and watched as you sat cross legged on your bed, cigarette in your mouth as you did things on the screen that meant nothing to him. Tossing another phone aside, you picked the next one up and continued your quick work. The movement of figures in different windows was carried out with expert precision and as your fingers danced across the keyboard, he wondered if you realised fully what you had been doing for four years. With a click, you'd probably just paid someone to commit murder and with another you'd bribed an official or policeman. You kept the seedy underworld alive. But he guessed you wouldn't care even if you did know, these people meant nothing to the unconcerned woman that sat like a child on top of comfortable sheets.

Transfers completed, you shut down the computer and picked up your personal phone, tapping out an apologetic message to Erwin, telling him that you had an urgent family matter to attend to, but would be in later if you could. It bothered you ever so slightly to lie to him, yet not enough that you wouldn't do it. With a sigh, you looked up at the pale man. "What's the plan?" He held out a hand with a slight bow, like he was offering you a dance. Rolling your eyes, you took it and were led through to your living room as he let you in on phase one. 

"Tea." Still vexed from his non confrontational behaviour earlier, you nevertheless complied, grumbling internally at the fact he hadn't risen to your violent move.

Once your hot drinks were made, you sat together on the sofa and listened to the real next steps. Obviously, Kenny would need to be contacted to see what the memory stick was all about, but given that he hadn't mentioned it yet, you imagined it wasn't pressing. Hange would be another person to visit, with the plan to obtain any more information on why someone on her staff would be important in all of this. Finally, and perhaps the most logical first port of call would be someone who seemed to know everything about the fire arms that infiltrated the city, an attempt at ascertaining who shot you.

Coats and shoes on, you left the apartment and made your way downstairs to meet yet another player in the world of crime. As if it was part of a natural conversation, the man who walked with you confused you completely. "That friend of yours is a bit fucked up, isn't she?" Coming to a halt, you stared at him, expecting an explanation. "Oh didn't you know, (F/N)? She's been in your spare bedroom since before we got back last night." It was delivered so casually and you shouted out, not caring if you disturbed any of your stupid neighbours. 

"What the fuck, Levi? You could have told me before you let me jump all over you!" He shrugged, eyes gleaming. 

"In my defence, I didn't know she was there until after you fucked me. She didn't seem to mind, though." Sighing heavily, you shook your head. Back in the house share from a few years back, she'd seen you in a similar position on a few occasions, but it was surely still an unnecessary sight to force upon her.

Wondering why she was even there, you continued on your way, only to be stopped by the main entrance to your building by an arm across your body and as you looked over to find out why, the dark expression on Levi's face made you scared. It wasn't the look of a man in control and shivers ran through you as he growled his words that were laced with uncertainty. "The fucking car's gone. Back inside."

Upstairs, Mikasa watched you leave with the man you seemed to hate, having only caught a few words of your conversation. She was, however, fully aware that you must have had a physical disagreement this morning and the thud that had sounded through the apartment told her one of you had