mention, her first day back to this one." My brother Chase said and ruffled my hair, "But, no worries, kiddo. You can sit with me and Stiles at lunch."

"Why would I do that?" I teased slightly and poked his shoulder.

"Because the last time you were at ths school was sixth grade. That's a long time in school years."

"I'll be fine. I'm good at making friends. I guess."

My brother Chase is two years older than me. He's on the lacrosse team, get's extremely good grades and is sort of a flirt. My mom Rose works with Stiles' father at the police department. Our dad Steven died six years ago in a car crash.

"Whatever you say dude. I'll be outside waiting for you."

I was about to pour my cereal into the bowl when I stopped, "Mom, I don't think I can eat. I feel like I'm going to get sick. Can I just hold off for one more day?"

"No. You have to go today. You'll be fine. Just grab an apple from the fridge before you leave."

"Alright," I said and got up, "I'll see you later."

"Love you, sweetie, have a good day."

"You too, mom!" I said and went out the door, putting the apple in my bag.

--

I walked up to the door of my first class, Geometry, and knocked on the door lightly.

I took a deep breath as the teacher opened the door. I handed her the slip.

"Class, this is our new student, Arianah. Arianah you can take a seat next to Liam." She said and pointed to a dark-haired boy in the back of the room, who of which I seen a few times a few years ago.

I made my way to the back and I felt eyes on me. No, don't look at me.

Soon enough I sat down next to this Liam kid.

"Alright, everyone, turn to page 73 in your book. Liam you can share with Arianah until I get her a different one."

Ms. Aarons continued talking but Liam whispered to me, "Hi, I'm Liam."

"Arianah. I seen you a few times at Devenford last year."

-;-;-;

So, I'm writing another Liam story. Yeah. I had a few different story lines in my head, so I just yeah.


outfit


I was sitting in my Earth Science class when someone sat at the lab table next to me. I looked over and saw That it was Liam.


"Hi Arianah. I was guessing that since you're new you wouldn't have many friends here and I was wondering if you would want to sit with my friends and I at lunch?"



 "Sure. That'd be cool. Thanks Liam." I said and he relaxed as he pulled out his textbook.



"By the way, you're now my lab partner." He whispered to me as I faced the board.


 


I was walking to the lunch room when my path was blocked by Chase. "So, little sis, need somewhere to sit?" He asked as Scott and Stiles walked by as they were waving at me. 



"I actually have some people to sit with." I said as Liam came up next to me. 



"Hey, you're Liam right? You were killing it on the field earlier." Chase said as Liam opened his mouth to talk. 



"Yeah. Arianah, you going to sit with us then?" Liam asked nervously. To be honest, I don't blame him. I mean, who wouldn't be scared of a guy that is almost a full head taller that you, am I right? 



"Yeah. Let's go. Chase, I'm fine." "Alright, Rinas. See you-" 



"Oh my God! Chase I'm gonna punch you in the face." 



I turned 
around to see Liam suppressing a laugh. 



"'Rinas'?" 



"Shut up. I couldn't say my name until I was about seven." 



We walked through the lunch line then Liam led me to a table with two boys and a girl. 



"Are you sure it's cool I sit with you and your friends?" I whispered to Liam as he pulled a chair out for me. 



"Of course." He replied and sat down next to me. 



"Liam, who's this?" The dark-skinned boy next to Liam asked.



 "This is.." Liam started. 



"Arianah Peters. I'm new, I guess."



 "Mason. Your brother is Chase right?" I nodded.



 "I'm Violet." Said the girl between Mason and the blonde guy. 



"Garrett, and what do you mean 'I guess'?" 



"I used to go here a few years ago then I went to Devenford Prep until the middle of eighth grade, then to a school in San Diego." 



"Cool."