into the day, helping him unpack, and conversing with his roommate Jeremy's mother when they showed up an hour after Harry. Harry liked his roommate alright, although, he wasn't the kind of friend Harry needed to make for his social life. Jeremy was a pale sort, with vibrant red hair, and thin rimmed glasses. He wore a Star Trek shirt, and his shoes were a little outdated. Also, covering his side of the room were posters of Star Trek, comics, anime, and other typical nerd stuff. Harry wasn't usually one to judge a book by its cover, but the moment he saw the space suit bedding - which clashed horribly with Harry's own green bedding - Harry knew the kind of person Jeremy was, and he was the kind of person Harry didn't want to be seen with out in public. And sure that's incredibly shallow of Harry, but freshmen year is not the time to be stuck in a crowd he'll regret, and spending his weekends in bed. Alone.

Around six that evening, both his mother and Jeremy's bid them adieu, and sure Harry got a little teary eyed, and held on longer than necessary, but no one was to judge, seeing as Jeremy full on balled in his mother's arms. At around seven, there was going to be an orientation event for first years, and Harry figured he and Jeremy could be heading that way now, seeing as neither him nor Jeremy knew their way around the campus. As they walked - Jeremy reading a map, and Harry observing the area around them - conversation flowed easily between the two.

Harry tried hard to focus on the words Jeremy was saying, but he couldn't help but be distracted by the group of students in the corner. There were about ten of them; four of them were girls, and the rest were boys. They were laughing quite loudly while a few of them sat on a blanket on the grass sipping beers, and the rest kicked around a soccer ball. One of them, a smaller boy with blonde hair and a dazzling smile, kicked the ball a little too hard, causing it to smack into the face of one of the girls sitting down, her beer slipping out of her hands and onto the blanket. The girl, a brunette with simple features, shrieked, jumped up, and as the blonde was apologizing, threw the ball in the direction of Harry and Jeremy.

"You're such a little shit, Horan!" she screamed, quickly followed by a "fuck off!", a slap to the blonde's shoulder and a quick exit, ignoring the puppy-like brunette boy following after her, apologizing for his friends. 

"Forget her, Liam! Danielle was better anyways!" another brunette shouted. This one had Harry stopping short. So short in fact, that not only did he trip over the ball, but he smacked his face right into the pavement. And good god did that really fucking hurt. He could feel stinging coming from his right knee, the palms of his hands, and his jaw, not to mention the stinging coming from his eyes at the sheer embarrassment of the situation. He heard multiple footsteps coming towards him and sound of Jeremy saying his name and asking if he was alright over the ringing in his ears. He pushed himself up, despite the pain in his palms, and shook off Jeremy's hands, opting to clean off the imaginary dirt from his clothing so he could avoid the concerned eyes of the group that had ran over.

"You okay, mate?" And there was that voice again. Harry could feel his heart pounding ten times harder than it was a second ago, and when a hand fell on his shoulder, all he could do was jump and stare. The boy slowly took his hand away, smiling slightly at Harry with a confused look in his beautiful blue eyes. The only way Harry could put this, was that this small brunette with the brilliant blue eyes, dazzling smile, tightly toned body, and windswept brown hair, was absolutely, breathtakingly gorgeous, and he almost found himself hitting the pavement again as his knees buckled slightly. 

"Yeah, yeah, I'm good, thanks," Harry said, snapping back to reality with the realization that he needed to talk to this boy - he needed to be with him.

"Good, good. Took a bit of a nasty fall there, mate," the boy continued, reaching down to pick up the ball, and Harry might have drooled at the sight of his ass.

"Yeah, um, Harry." And the look the boy gave him was quite comical, if it weren't for the fact that it was aimed at him as if he was mental, the rest of his group of friends snickering in the background.

"My name! It's, uh, it's Harry," he explained, hand coming up to scratch at the back of his neck awkwardly, forgetting about the scratches there and wincing inwardly at the small spike of pain.

"Louis, with an