hand before going to pick up his bag from the other side of the room and saving the charcoal again. Tajima picked his bag and was about to pick up Emi as well when the small fox scurried to Mihashi, pawing at his jacket.

“She’s asking if you could carry her.” Tajima translated and Mihashi blinked before nodding at neck breaking speed, finally closing his right hand to kill the flame before using both hands to pick up the fox and set her inside his jacket, zipping it back up and picking his bag again.

“Well, here we go.” Tajima said, looking at the ginger boy and spotting Emi’s head appearing from the top of his jacket zipper, before he turned and led the way out of the room and to the front door, going out into the rain with his two companions, in search for his new coven.

 

I'm so fucking sorry Tajima, i didn't meant to ●︿●A penny for your thoughts on this chapter? the big threat is finally revealed! what'd you think it's gonna happen now?I'll try not to be late with the next chapter, but if you can please come kick my ass into gear in tumblr or twitter, that way i'll definitely be on timesee you next time!!~

I am so very sorry oh my fucking god fucking slay me, i didn't mean for it to be this long of a wait but oh well, some stuff happened and then i went on vacation and yeah, i'm sorryI think i'm gonna have to slow updates from now on, since as if you might already know if you follow me on twitter, i'm starting classes tomorrow, and as soon as i finish these classes, school starts back again so i might not have time to keep writing. I'm not yet sure on a fixed schedule for updates but i'll let you know when i figure it outthank you so very much for your comments, they really do make my day and give me the push i need to keep writing, and thank you as well if you're still reading even after this long of a wait, i promise i'll do my best from now on as well (∪ ◡ ∪)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Sakaeguchi sat on a chair on a corner of his room, facing the wall as he stared into a stone basin, his hands pressed at the sides as he projected light into the translucent liquid inside.

“Momokan, Momokan...” He muttered absentmindedly, wondering if he should put more magic into the shields when he was snapped out of his thoughts by a sudden voice.

“Sakaeguchi? What happened?” the coven leader’s voice came from the stone bowl, the washed out colors of her face glittering in the magical water.

“Momokan! Thank god you answered, there’s something really wrong.” He rushed to explain, but paused so that she could inspect his face in silence before continuing.

“Go ahead, what happened?” she asked finally, and the fair haired boy finally released the breath he didn’t know he was holding.

“Izumi had a vision. Or more like, they’ve had several visions since you left.”

“Oh? Quite a busy two days you have had, huh? What was the first vision they had?”

“Yes, I’m sure you’ve noticed by now, but this storm is downright weird. Nishihiro would have warned us if there was something so big coming, he would’ve seen it, but he didn't have a clue as of what could be causing it. There’s something behind it, something dangerous and it’s growing.” He said hurriedly, his words slurring a little but the woman hummed in understanding.

“Yeah, I figured there was something weird about it, but I had no way of knowing what it was, they don’t really like our coven very much in here, they don’t tell me anything, since they don’t trust us.” the older witch pursed her lips, disgruntled.

“Momokan, there’s something really bad coming, it’s going to happen soon. Izumi had another vision a while ago, and they saw what it was.” Sakaeguchi said, his hands pressing harder against the cool stone, knuckles white.

“What is it?” this time, there was urgency in her words, a worried glint to her eyes.

“Dragons.” The boy wheezed out, watching as his leader’s face contorted in shock and horror. “Izumi saw them, they’re going to pass near us.”

“What else did Izumi saw? Who unleashed them?” she demanded, her voice serious.

“They don’t know.” The short boy shook his head and sighed. “They only saw the dragons in the Middle realm, and a portal open to this realm where the dragons are supposed to cross.”

“The Middle realm?! Is Izumi okay?! That could have killed them!” the woman exclaimed, hands flying forward as if to grab