’d said yes.  I don’t think there’s anyone on the Earth or the colonies that could possibly resist the full force of Duo’s pleading.  It amazes me how much happiness he finds in something as simple as being allowed to rent the video of his choice, and to see that light in his eyes, there’s nothing I wouldn’t do.

“Yay!”  He bounces into the room, carrying a bowl of popcorn, and starts singing along to the theme.  Which would be amusing enough, even if the movie in question weren’t ‘Ruthless People’.  I can’t help but laugh.  He gives me a wide grin and flops on the sofa.

About halfway through the movie I feel him snuggle against me, and I put an arm around him and draw him close.  He sighs happily and relaxes against me.  It’s no uncommon thing; in fact, I can’t recall the last time we watched a movie and didn’t end up curled together.  But his affection no longer has that slightly clingy edge that was present six months ago.  He’s comfortable with himself and with me.

I run a hand lightly down his back, feeling him purr in contentment.  It surprises me how well we fit together.  He’s just enough shorter than me to nuzzle into the hollow of my shoulder while I rest my cheek against his soft hair.  It’s not just a physical thing, though.  Being with him, whether it’s for cuddling, goofing off, even working together...it just feels right, somehow.  I sigh softly, the little logical part of my mind taunting me that I’ve got it bad.

Duo feels the sigh and looks up at me, violet eyes gently concerned.  He has such beautiful eyes, wonderfully expressive and deep enough to drown in.  I smile at him, just enough to let him know things are fine, and he returns the smile, giving me a slight hug before turning his attention back to the movie.  As he turns away, I allow my smile to become slightly rueful.  ‘Got it bad’ doesn’t begin to describe it.

No sooner has the movie ended than he’s poking me in the ribs.  “Ne, Hee-chan...”

I grunt.  “Quit poking me or I’ll tickle you.  And don’t call me Hee-chan.”

He laughs.  “You’ll have to catch me before you can tickle me!” 

I groan.  Chasing him around the apartment while I’m full of popcorn sounds extremely unappealing. 

More poking.

I flip over, pinning him beneath me.  He squeaks in surprise and tries to squirm out from under me, begging me not to tickle him.

“Oh, no you don’t.  You had fair warning.”  He shrieks and giggles, wriggling madly.  I continue the torture for a few moments more, then have mercy.  I switch positions with him, letting him drape over me, still laughing softly.  I pull him close, not wanting him to see how much it hurts me at times like this, to have him held close in my arms, but far from my heart.  I try to be grateful for what I have, but sometimes I wonder if it’d be less painful to not be near him at all.

He lets me hold him for a few moments, then he pushes himself up.  “Seriously, Heero, what’s bothering you?”

“What makes you think something bothering me?”  While I have no particular objection to lying in general, I don’t like lying to him unless there’s a really good reason for it.  Evasion has become a common tactic; not that it helps much in dealing with Duo.  He can be singularly relentless when he chooses.

Now is apparently one of those times; he’s giving me his ‘what kind of an idiot do you think I am?’ look.  I shrug and look away.  I don’t want to meet his eyes.  He’s far too perceptive, and I’m afraid of what he might see.

“Heero, please look at me?”  The request is as soft as the hand gently cupping my cheek, and I close my eyes against the force of his words.  “...please?”  I’m lost.  I’ve never been able to deny him anything he truly wants.  It’s almost painful meeting his gaze, feeling every facet of myself exposed.  I’ve never felt so horribly vulnerable, but Duo  deserves nothing less than my total honesty.  He’s never given me anything less himself.

Thoughtful violet studies me for a few minutes, and I could swear by the time he’s done he knows me better than I know myself.  But he doesn’t say anything, just gives a sweet and quietly bright smile and snuggles back against me.  I want to ask what he saw, but I’m afraid to break the peaceful silence.  Whatever it was, he’s not about to leave me over it, so I’ll be