:) xxanna


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Our lips were just about to touch, i was just about to allow myself to do something that was wrong, something that I could go to prison for, something that my parents would be so disappointed at. I was about to allow myself to do something that I thought I would never do, I was about to disappoint myself by doing this but I just couldn't stop, I just couldn't stop myself.

I leaned up and attached our lips but liam only pushed me down and kissed me harder, he held himself up with one hand and slid the other up my t-shirt, exploring my body and I was willing to let him have me in ways I never thought I would be allowing anyone at this point, but the way he touched me made me want to give him everything. It was shocking. I could feel his hand roam my body going lower and lower until it settled on my ass, I blushed at this and he just tightened his grip.

But then the door swung open.

"Liam I've being looking for you everyw.....oh" an Irish voice said and we both pulled back . Liam quickly stumbled up and turned to Niall. "It's not what it looks like" Liam says hurriedly. Niall shifts his graze from me and turns to Liam " and what does it look like Liam?" Niall gave Liam a sympathetic smile after he said this. Liam nodded more to himself then anyone else and spoke "I have to change" and he left with that. 

I was still seated on the floor messed in paint staring at the ground afraid to look up at Niall. What just happened? I just couldn't believe what could have happened and the worst part, someone caught us.

"I think you should change too" I heard Niall say. I looked up at him about to beg but I was met with the same sympathetic smile he gave Liam. I nodded and stood up just as I was about to leave the room Niall caught my arm " you guys should be more careful" he said in a serious tone but still a little sympathetic. I rush out and say "No.no.no it wasn't what it looked like...it..it isn't what it looked like I promise, it was noth...." 

"Okay" he cut me off and lets go of my arm but in the way that he said it I knew he didn't believe me. I nodded once again and left quickly. 

I just couldn't believe it, what if it wasn't Niall that entered, what if it was Mrs Payne. What am I going to do? what if Niall tells ? 

First I need to clean myself up. I walk up to Liam's room quietly and open the door. I find him banging his head on the wall and cursing to himself "Liam" I say softly, he shakes his head still not looking at me and pulls on his hair as he says "not now Zayn" "Leeyum" I repeat. "I FUCKING SAID NOT NOW!!" he turns around and yells at me. I flinch and move as far from him as I can, ready to run out the door. Still staring up at him, he just shakes his head and looks down at me before saying "I..i.I'm sorry...jus..." 

He was interrupted by Niall walking in "everything alright Liam?" he asks Liam before turning to me and giving me a heap of clothing "you can have a shower down stairs" he says with a smile to me and a wink, I smile back and get on my way.

I quickly have a shower and dress myself in what seems to be Liam's clothes which are by far much bigger than my size. I look at myself in the mirror, Liam's shirt is long and covers half of my thigh but I love it, it's a red and black flannel shirt. His jeans fall back down as soon as I pull them up so I leave them aside and put on my own, it isn't messed with paint that much my jumper had blocked it. I smile at myself in the mirror before taking all my clothes and Liam's jeans and walked out.

I was about to enter the room when I heard Niall shout at Liam "Liam you can't just go and make out with your workers, what's wrong with you?" "Niall I told you it wasn't like that" "then what was it like huh because it sure as hell seemed to me like you were about to do him on the floor" they stopped screaming after that, Liam didn't reply then I heard Niall speak again " look Liam I'm your best friend and obviously I don't mind but what if it wasn't me that entered huh? then what Liam, you are putting him in danger , you are putting yourself in danger, how old is he Liam ? " Liam didn't respond "Liam if you