bending his upright posture in a polite greeting. She seemed surprised by it, since the frequent guests hardly regarded her with such toughtful treatment, and she did not conceal her flustered state when the kids copied his father and payed her with reverence. Chanyeol clicked his tongue, trying to fight the wolfish grin down. His children were really precious.

“This is Sohee, Kim Clan’s first beta daughter, and she’ll be responsible for you and the kids. Everything you need to know about your tasks and the rules of the castle, you should ask her”, Chanyeol met the woman’s prying stare, deamenor turning softer, less stern and crude. “Sohee, this is Baekhyun, my concubine...”, the word was corrosive, and it stung when he said it. His wolf protested hotly, but Chanyeo unheeded it. “The kids are under my protection.”

Sohee nodded, clever enough to comprehend the underlying message and form an appropiate course of actions. She displayed a kind, diplomatic beam towards them, gesturing to the opposite direction of the main entrance.

“Baekhyun-sshi and company, I ask you to follow me. I’ll guide the way to your chambers. Abide there until our alpha is ready to receive you.”

“Please, refer to them by their names. They aren’t just company—they have identities”, Baekhyun besought, hugging Joohyun closer to his chest and mantaining a proud coutenance. Sohee and Junmyeon were rendered speechless by his unpredictable blurt of sass, and Chanyeol was positively dumbfounded. “That is Taeyeon, my eldest daughter. He’s Taehyung, the next in line; this is Joohyun, and then we have Jiwon, Jisoo and Jinsook.”

The beta girl smiled after seconds of informative digestion, genuinely, blindingly. “Ah, I understand. Baekhyun-sshi, young master Taehyung, young master Jiwon, young lady Taeyeon, young lady Joohyun, young lady Jisoo and young lady Jinsook,” she recited in one breathless sigh, “please, follow my lead.”

The kids were prompted to merge in a tight line, aligning themselves in the order Sohee had called them. Chanyeol remained stunned for an instant as he observed their feet walk, until Baekhyun sauntered in front of him, suffocating his nose with his intoxicating, mouth-watering scent. Years of being separated aggravated the intensity of his natural, idiosyncratic smell, empowering him with limitless dominion over the alpha part of his self. If only Baekhyun knew how one command could break Chanyeol’s entire pretense and have him at his mercy.

Against his will and rational capacity, his arm stretched forward and his greedy fingers grasped Baekhyun’s forearm. The omega frowned, and Chanyeol was inwardly frenzied. “Behave”, he curtly rasped out, letting him go with a dry cough.

Baekhyun seemed ready to grant him a rebuttal, but restrained himself and went on.

Junmyeon had been watching them all this time, and was definitely unhappy, though he hid it well under a standoffish semblance. “Jesper, why don’t you go with your, eh, carrier... and siblings? It’s your duty to help them, as one of the hosts of this castle”, he proposed.

His kid did not give them a verbal reply, yanking his hand out of his father’s weak grip and chasing them, crashing with Baekhyun’s inner knees and showing off a sheepish smile when the omega, perplexed, paused to look down at him. Chanyeol’s heart thundered when Baekhyun picked the baby alpha and smooched his cheek, thrilled by having him in his arms.

“I have no idea what is on your mind lately, Chanyeol”, Junmyeon complained with a grunt. Chanyeol shook his head to clear his hectic thoughts, not proper answer for the sharp accusation. The beta slouched his shoulders and gave him a pitiful onceover. “I treasure you as a comrade and close friend. As your hyung, I advice you to be careful with your actions—if you aren’t planning to contravene our alpha’s mandates and grapple with the consequences of treachery, then abstain yourself from involving innoncent children’s welfare. Baekhyun may be safe from any kind of execution because of your bond, as long as you act accordingly, but those kids surely aren’t. You know how Yifan tends to exceed punishments.”

Chanyeol covered his shameful face, nodding. “I know, Junmyeon.”

“Do you, really?” The beta crossed his arms and smiled with a hint of sadness, guessing what could be crossing the mute alpha’s head. “Come, Chanyeol—Yifan and Jihoon are probably expecting you.”

He was right. They were taken to the private audience hall, a room Yifan had decorated according his own desires—medallion carpets, cushy pillows, low tables and metal candelabrums. The impossing alpha was seated over a big cushion, orange and velvety, while other of his trusted soldiers, General Lu, sat in front of him, over a pelt. They were playing a friendly match of some drinking game, using a set of foreign cards they had recently gotten from a nomad pack.

The young, brunet Jihoon was