a first date."

'Oh, but you do. Of course you do." He hit the steering wheel in objection. "That's the least I can do - if any of those small things gave you any kind of happiness, I'd do them over and over and over again. It's really nothing, compared to your smile. Believe me."

"I'll try to."

 

The date was going great. They went to a few rides, had ice cream together, bought matching silly hats. It was on the line for the carousel that things started to turn strange.

"I'm sorry." A voice came from behind them, "I can't see through your blinding happiness. Can you please be disgustingly in love somewhere else?"

"What?" Jongdae couldn't believe what he'd just heard. Turning around to face the owner of the unhappy voice, he saw a tall blonde guy, probably still in his teens, looking awfully miserable for someone in an amusement park.

"You're annoying me."

"You little-" Jongdae was ready to start a discussion with the brat, even taking off his new moose hat, before Joonmyeon placed a hand on his chest and stepped forward.

"What's bothering you? We're not doing anything wrong, you know."

"Yeah, I do." The dude started to pout, acting more like a kicked puppy by the minute. "It's just that- you being so happy reminds me of how single and pathetically lonely I am. It doesn't help that my friend ditched me to go ride the love tunnel with his boyfriend. I'll kick his sorry ass when he comes back."

"Oh, you're lonely?" Joonmyeon had a understanding face, like he sympathized with the impolite stranger. "I know what you mean, I used get that feeling all the time in high school. And that no one understood me."

"You feel that too??" The boy's eyes widened, "God, it's so hard, because no matter what I do, people just don't get stuff. My math teacher always says I just have to study harder, but it's not like I don't try my best already. And my parents keep saying the same thing, with that judgmental look in their faces."

"Do you want to sit somewhere, talk about it?" The tall boy was on the verge of tears, and Joonmyeon, despite his fame, was actually a pretty good listener.

"Yeah. That'd be nice." He cleaned his nose on the sleeve of his shirt. "I'm Sehun, by the way."

"Joonmyeon. Nice to meet you. You were saying you're not very good at math?" He guided Sehun to an empty bench, leaving a very dumfounded Jongdae standing in the line. "Wait just a little bit-" He turned around, "Jongdae! You're not coming?"

 

That his perfect date would turn into a life advice session with a prepubescent teen was way out of Jongdae's prediction zone; they talked for at least one hour, and he had the chance to hear everything he didn't want to know about the boy's school, family, friends, and (lack of) love life. Joonmyeon, on the other hand, was pretty supportive, giving advice and asking relevant questions - which Jongdae would never have thought of in the first place. Turns out it's much better to hear incessant talking when it comes from your long-time crush. The rest just makes you want to puke.

 When Sehun's friends arrived, he was relieved, to say the least.

"Kim Jongin, you're the scum of humanity." He jumped from his seat, poking his finger in the face of the stranger. "The very dirt I walk in is made of your conscience. I don't even know why I'm friends with you."

The tanned boy gave him a blank look.

"Because you're a drama queen and I just don't have time to hear all of your bullcrap." He put his arm around the waist of the other boy, who was looking mildly uncomfortable but not entirely unaccustomed to this exchange. "I told you it's going to be fine. I'm going to fix you up with one of Kyungsoo's friends, we'll find you a math tutor, and you'll take your driver's license next year. Stop freaking out because we wanted some alone time."

Sehun felt like he'd lost that argument. He was much better after the conversation from that afternoon, after all, and could probably even endure his best friend being the sappiest fucker ever when in love.

"Well, you have a point. I think I can forgive you if you buy me, like, 3 hot dogs."

"It's a deal. Let's go, I'm dying to punch some paint balls in your face."

They started to leave,