still on the floor. “Once upon a time there were two friends-”

“Jokes never start with 'once upon a time';...”

“Silence. So, the two friends were very important people. Basically every wish they had turned into reality, just like magic!”

“In other words, they were rich”.

Louis throws a pillow against Zayn, who grabs it and keeps it on his face as he hears next to him the sound of Louis continuing to prepare the joints and starting to talk again.

“You might think they were happy. But were they? Wealth- ehm, magic doesn't equal happiness, and this is common knowledge...” The boy stops talking in order to let out a dramatic sigh, followed by the sound of his tongue running over the cigarette paper. “So what did they do? The looked for love, obviously! But was it possible for them to find love? Anyone could have pretended to be in love with them just to take advantage of their power and magic”.

“This magic thing ruins every hint of seriousness from what you're saying” Zayn's voice comments, muffled by the pillow.

“Zayn, it's a joke, it shouldn't be serious”.

“I think you're already a bit high...”

Louis snickers. “Well, the two friends searched and searched, until they found two people genuine enough to love them unconditionally”. He stops again to finish preparing the other joint as well.

Louis remains silent a little bit too much and Zayn moves the pillow away from his face. “Well, is it finished?” he asks. The other stands up with a blunt in each hand and moves towards him; he gets on the bed on his knees without helping himself with his arms and sits down on Zayn's legs, knees pressed tight around his hips.

“No, almost. The two friends planned engagements and weddings, but even then they realized they weren't happy”. Zayn reaches out to try and grab one of the joints from the other's hand, but Louis withdraws it. “And in the end, you know what they did?”

Zayn sighs, smiling a little more as he lets his hands move from the covers to the other lad's thighs. “What did they do?”

With a wide smile, Louis leans forward until their faces are barely inches from each other. “... They turned their brains off and started shagging each other to convince themselves that everything was good” he finishes in a whisper, pressing his lips against Zayn's.

---

A faint cloud of white smoke has appeared in the room by now. Of course, they had decided to keep the window open at first but, once their clothes had ended up on the floor, they had realized that the cold was much worse than an ambient filled with something that didn't bother them anyway.

The marijuana hasn't taken long to kick in. Right after the kiss, Louis has replaced his lips on the other's with one of the joints, before lighting his own and making the two tips touch in order to light Zayn's too.

Then everything has turned into an endless loop of long drags, tongues meeting, and smoke shared between the two lads' mouths and lungs, a loop interrupted only by quiet moans, held back sighs, whispered words, a hoarse “Too hot...” just muttered and followed by a quick and impatient attempt to take off as many clothes as possible, which were naturally guilty with separating their bodies with too many layers for their own liking, and not of making them too hot, especially with the window right there.

It's not rare for this to happen. There are obviously times the two of them just have a spliff together, rejecting every thought, laughing, joking around saying stuff they won't remember later, or about which they'll laugh even more once sober. But there are times they both realize that laughing and joking around isn't enough. Times like this one, when they need to help each other.

Zayn keeps the blunt between his right hand's fingers, forearm lifted in order not to risk burning the covers. The other hand lazily runs over the other's warm skin, explores his legs, moves up to his thighs, traces with his fingers the shape of his hips until it reaches his stomach, chest, and collarbones. He feels so relaxed that he might just fall asleep peacefully, if it weren't for a single part of his body that is not relaxed at all...

With his back straightened up and his chest out almost to try and enjoy even better the other lad's strokes, Louis has his legs bent on the bed, sitting on Zayn's thighs. The hand which is not busy moving every now and then towards his mouth to inhale another fix from the joint is between them, holding in its grip both their erections and moving up and down with a slow rhythm that, judging from the content sounds that escape their mouths every now and then, pleases them both just fine.

“So,” Louis starts