thirst with patience, soon.

               More words went unheard as she opened the door for them and ushered them inside, and ultimately left them alone chasing the sound of an alarm that was going off in another room. That was that, they were alone, and they desperately wanted to run after Toriel with knife in hand. They sighed, deep, tension pulling at every muscle in their body, it was harder to resist violence than they thought, a laugh bubbled out. They didn’t think they’d have to use quite that much restraint.

               They took some time to cool off, simply standing in place to regain composure, they never bothered taking a look at the rest of “their” room, or even the rest of the house as they exited. They made their way directly to Toriel, in some sort of living room area, seated in a chair with a book in her hands. She looked up from her reading as the human approached, a slight smile brightening her expression a little.

               With a slightly clearer mind, the human was able to catch more of what she said, but chose to ignore most of what she said due to boredom, rather than excessive dust-lust. She explained how happy she was to have company, that she had plans of some sort for them, and other tedious things. Patience wearing thin already, the human blurted out the first thing that came to mind, “So when can I go home?”

               They hadn’t really meant to talk much to her, or at all, but the result was fairly satisfying. Her face fell a little, expression tightening slightly, she quickly regained her composure and dismissed them, “What? This is your home now.” She looked around uncomfortably, her tone lost some of her bright charm. “Um… Would you like to hear about this book I’m reading?” she asked, unsure of how to handle the situation. This was interesting, an effective attack that didn’t involve bludgeoning or slicing.

               She started to read out of the book, not really waiting or listening for a response. She started to list off some random snail fact before being sharply cut off, “How. Do I. Leave.” The human asserted, voice flat and unforgiving. Toriel’s expression fell completely, hurt and hints of betrayal lined her face as she sputtered for some sort of response, watching her struggle for words filled the human with a sickeningly sweet feeling. She closed her eyes for a moment, “I have to do something. Stay here.” she got up, and walked out of the room, the human on her heels.

               She practically ran around the railings and stairs that led down into what appeared to be a basement or series of chambers. She was muttering something to the human that wasn’t quite caught; her overall body language exuded a kind of discomfort and pain. The human was ecstatic; maybe attacks on the psyche should be utilized more often. They both continued down the path until a large door with odd symbols could be seen. Piecing together strands of words Toriel used next, the human guessed it was the door out of this place, and into another filled with more things to see.

The human approached Toriel as her back was turned. Their heart ached with desires that would soon be realized. Upon hearing their heavy footfalls, she made a noise out of disappointment. “You are just like the others. There is only one solution to this.” The rest of her words were lost as she turned around.

               “I can agree with you, there.” Was the dry response.

Painful...?

This took forever to write, a habit I'd like to break, which was the purpose of this project. We'll see what happens as we go along.

They stared at each other in stagnate silence, the dusty smell of the small room before the door starting to clog the Humans sinuses; they stifled a sneeze with a cough. The sudden noise caused Toriel to jump a little, readying a flame in response. They could tell she was skittish, she didn’t want to do this, not really. The human smiled at her flinch, re-gripping the toy knife in their hands and releasing a bit of their own tension in a giggle, the sound soon flooding the room.

Toriel’s overall composure started to falter, despite her magical fire becoming more intense. “Small one-“

“Frisk” they cut her off, the syllables harsh, the S extended and K especially hard, punctuated with a grin.

“F-Frisk…” Toriel amended weakly, resolve dwindling, “You have to prove to me that you’re strong enough to survive past this door-“ She was cut off again by the tinkling of laughter from the small human. Her train of thought was lost.

“Prove to you? My strength?” Frisk took a couple casual steps toward Toriel, causing her to back up a couple herself, “I think there are a fair few things I can prove to you…” they let their threat hang in the . Frisk raised the knife, readying their stance