matters to him. You’re the one he counts on. You don’t think he’s noticed you avoiding him? Shit, I think his depression is mostly because of you avoiding him. Man up, Dean.  Cas needs you.”

Dean just rubbed at the grease harder as Sam walked away.

 

Even from a floor up, the music blasted as Dean stopped outside of the door to the narrow staircase that led up to Cas’ room. With the other angels gone, he’d pretty much taken over the attic. He knocked hard a few times before banging his fist on the door and yelling, “Dammit, Cas, answer me!”

The music shut off and he heard an equally exasperated yell, “It’s open, Motherfucker!” Dean climbed the stairs quickly. 

“Watch your mouth.” He said has he topped out and stood next to the railing, taking in the scene. There were beer bottles strewn about, along with empty bags of chips. There were also scattered pieces of paper with sigils and fragments of Enochian written on them using various media. Dean stooped to pick one up. The paper was thick and the dark maroon color looked a lot like… “Did you draw this one in blood?” He glared accusingly at Cas.

For his part, Cas looked like hell. His too-small, black t-shirt highlighted the paleness of his skin and the thinness of his frame.  His shaggy hair fell in greasy strings around his face and he smelled like he hadn’t bathed in quite a while. The black eyeliner smudged around his eyes, making them look sallow.  “It’s blood, but not mine”, he spoke softly, not looking at Dean.

“You look like shit, you know that? Smell like it too.”

“Who the fuck asked you, Asswipe?” Cas crossed his arms in front of himself and leaned against a rafter with defiance.

“I told you to watch your mouth.” Dean was getting majorly pissed now.

“No.”

The urge to smack Cas across the face welled in Dean and brought him up short. What was he gonna do? Beat Cas for being a smartass? That wasn’t him. It wasn’t them. The urge died as quickly as it rose. 

“Fine. You’re right. I’m not your dad and truth be told, wasn’t much good at it when I had that role anyway. But I’m tryin’ to talk to you here and it’s that much harder when you’re cussing at me and calling me names, OK?”

The fire seemed to have gone out of Cas too and his shoulder’s slumped. “Yeah. Sorry.”

“Alright, good. But it really does smell like a locker room up here. How about you take a shower and we go for a drive huh?”

“OK.” Cas still wasn’t looking at him but he decided not to push it.

“Meet me downstairs in ten.” Dean made it about half way down the stairs when the music started up again.

 

They drove down some back roads outside of town, Led Zeppelin playing low on the radio. Since getting in the car, neither of them had said much of anything.

“If we’re just gonna drive around can we at least listen to different music?” Cas finally broke the silence.

“Since when do you not like Led Zeppelin?” Dean asked incredulously.

“Since I grew up and stopped liking things just because you do.” Cas replied sullenly.

“I think I liked you better then.” Dean snarled as he turned the radio off.

“I’ll bet you did. I worshiped you like a fucking puppy dog. So embarrassing.”

“Ouch, man. What the hell’s wrong with you?”

“What’s wrong with me? You! You’re what’s wrong with me! I lost everything and you’re too much of a self-absorbed asshole to give a damn!” Cas ran his fingers through his unkempt hair and then clenched and unclenched his fingers.

“You’re sayin’ this is my fault? You’re the one who hid himself in his room for three weeks, blasting crap music and not talking to anyone. What the hell was I supposed to do?”

Cas sank lower in the car. “Clearly nothing.”

“Dammit, Cas, the sullen teenager thing is a pain in the ass. Would you just tell me what’s going on?”

Cas was silent for a long time. Dean was just about to make another exasperated plea when Cas finally spoke. “I can’t hear them.”

“Can’t hear them? Can’t hear who?”

“Anyone. God, the other Angels…you. It’s just…quiet.” As he turned away, Dean could see the faintest edge of tears.

“No more Angel Radio.”

“It’s actually been gone a long time. It went away with the spell. But with Gabriel and Balthazar right there, I'd adjusted. We all had. None