nervous. I could feel her breath on me, it was heavy with some unsaid emotion.

She reached up and touched my face caressing it gently. "Do you find me... attractive?"

"Yes, my Queen." I couldn't lie to her, I had to admit she was beautiful. I wondered what she was getting at though. I could feel my heart begin to race at the close proximity of the two of us.

She leaned in closer. "Call me Nadia. Zack, I'm terribly lonely."

I breathed in sharply I had a feeling I knew where this was going. "Nadia... what would you have me do?"

I didn't want to act on my interpretation of what she might mean without Nadia first confirming her intent. I wasn't sure how I felt about all of this, but I was single and she was very attractive. Maybe I was getting ahead of myself.

She leaned in and kissed me on the lips, the kiss felt electric. I was only slightly surprised that my thoughts were right. Still, I hadn't expected the Queen to reach out to me in this way. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in close. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her body firmly against mine.

She stopped kissing me and leaned in close to my ear. "Zack," she whispered. "I want you."

I leaned in and kissed her neck tenderly. She was an attractive stable woman in a seat of power. There was no reason for me not to reciprocate her advances. I felt attracted to her and I felt like it would work out. She licked my ear sending a chill down my spine. I felt my need for her rise as we caressed each other exploring one another's body. She was slender in frame her skin soft to the touch.

"I want to explore your body without anything hindering my touch," she said as she poked at my armor.

I began to strip off my armor dropping it to the ground. I quickly unfastened everything and slid off my clothes underneath. Nadia's hands were already on my chest and she began to run her hands across my body. My hard member ached for her touch, but it didn't come yet.

"Could you help me take off my clothes?" She said as she turned around revealing the back of her corset to me.

I untied her corset and loosened it. She unbuckled the front and it fell away from her leaving only her dress as a barrier between us. She lifted her dress off of herself and dropped it to the ground. She turned around pressing her bare body against mine allowing my hard member to slide between her thighs.

I ran my rough hands over her body pulling her in closely. She looked up at me and we kissed. Her breath was hot and heavy. Each time we broke off we began kissing again soon after. Her chest heaved with excitement. I could feel her hard nipples pressed against my chest.

She stopped kissing me long enough to speak. "Let's go back to my bed."

She grasped onto my hand and led me back to her bed. She climbed into it and laid on her side exposing her from to me. I climbed up onto the large bed and scooted close to her. I ran my hand over her curves, excited to touch her. She reached down and began to stroke my shaft sensually.

She gently pushed on my chest, "Lie down, please. I'd like to do something." She said as she released my cock.

I laid down on my back in the comfy bed and wondered what she had in store for me. I smiled as her nude body straddled mine. She was facing away from me as she got on all fours. Her pussy hovered just above my face. I reached up and touched her pussy lips spreading them apart to reveal her shiny pink nethers.

She moaned as I touched her. "Would you use your mouth?"

"It would be my pleasure," I said as I smiled.

I gently pulled her down until her pussy was touching my mouth. I began to lick her pussy and rub her clit with my fingers. She moaned and then slid my cock into her mouth. Her mouth felt amazing on my cock, but I tried to focus on keeping up with giving her pleasure. My tongue caressed her slippery nethers as my finger encircled her hard nub. She bobbed her head up and down on my cock sending waves of pleasure down my shaft.

After a while, she slid my cock out of her mouth. "Zack I want you inside of me."

She moved off of me and laid down next to me looking at me with a mischievous expression.

I moved between her legs and spread them apart gazing at her pretty pink pussy. "Have you ever been with anyone before?" I thought the answer would be yes with how confident she had been so far in the bedroom.

"No," a blush crossed her cheeks.

I was thoroughly surprised. She had seemed so confident and acted like she already knew what