chakra to her hand and forces me back down. “Don’t I get a turn talking?”

The ash on my cigarette is getting long, but I’m sure my fingers will tremble if I try to tap it off into the ashtray. My voice will probably tremble too, so I stay silent.

“Putting aside the fact that heat pheromones don’t have anything to do with inhibitions,” she says slowly, “if you deliberately threw away two things that could have helped you, why didn’t you throw away the third in the same way, if you’re such a rapist asshole as you say?”

I try to remember.

I remember pulling out the syringe and suddenly feeling such intense shame and sorrow.


Kurenai doesn’t want this.



She keeps a secret pouch here as a failsafe because she doesn’t want this.



You shithead, she DOESN’T WANT THIS!


And with a scowl I had stabbed it in her thigh and depressed it.

“I don’t know,” I tell Kurenai. “I acted on an impulse.” I can’t think of how to express the truth without it sounding like I’m trying to excuse myself.

Kurenai’s skin is as soft as I remember as her fingers touch my face, then actually take the cigarette from my lips. I’m left, mouth hanging stupidly open, to watch her casually stub it out in the ashtray.

“What are you doing?”

“An impulse,” she murmurs, lowering herself onto the sofa next to me and untying my forehead protector, running her fingers through my hair. It feels so good, like a dream. I close my eyes.

“Asuma, I love you,” she says in the same low, hypnotic voice. “Even if the worst you think of yourself was true, even if you had force bonded me, I would still love you. Because all you’re really saying is that you behaved like almost any alpha would who had a conscious attraction to the omega in heat. But that isn’t what happened. You stopped yourself. The only thing an alpha has to fight the instincts is their consciousness. So if you really used that heat suppressant on impulse, then that impulse must truly be who you are deep inside.”

I feel the subtle shift in the cushions, and her lips brush against mine, startling my eyes open.

“So what was that impulse?” she breathes. “I want the truth.”

Her eyes are more mesmerizing than her voice. “Is this genjutsu…?”

“No genjutsu between us, I promise… unless you’re into that,” she says with a dark little laugh that has my cock hardening without regard to the roiling, complicated emotions that my other head is trying to sift through. “The truth,” she repeats.

“It was that you didn’t want it.”

“And you didn’t want to hurt me?”

“I…”

Her mouth is on mine again, and this time she’s placing a hand on my crotch exactly where my erection bulges most.

“Kurenai,” I groan.

“I’m glad you didn’t force bond me, but only because I want to be aware and enjoying every.” She undoes my button. “Single.” The zipper lowers. “Moment of it.”

Her hand slips inside my underwear and caresses me, but I grab her wrist.

“This has to be perfectly clear, Kurenai. You want to bond with me? On our first time?”

“What, do you need a trial fuck?” she says impishly, and leans forward and kisses me.

I have to release her wrist in order to take her into my arms like I want to, and she immediately returns to stroking me, and when her mouth opens into the kiss and my tongue slips inside her mouth she caresses it with her own tongue in sync with the movement of her hand.

I lose focus on the idea that I’ve got to make sure this is what she wants then.

“Bedroom,” I practically growl, and she hums an approval into my neck and backs away, bringing me up with her and through the door into her room with its quaint foreign-style four poster bed. My vest and her forehead protector hit the floor along the way.

It’s going to take too long to undress her, with her complicated dress and her bandaged arms and thighs. Even longer because my much simpler clothes come off immediately and the feel of her fingers on my skin does strange things to my own fingers.

“Clumsy,” she teases. “Let me, you’ll rip it.”

She pulls away, back to the head of the bed, and I relish the chance to simply look at her stripping, the slow reveal of what I’ve only seen in my fantasies, the sensuous way she has of twisting to get it all off.

And fuck are her breasts amazing.

“You’re beautiful.” It’s probably a clumsy way to express what I’m feeling, too, but I don’t think I can do much better right