but everything began connecting in Junkrat's mind. Now that he thought about it, your face was bright red every time you ran off from him, something he had assumed was from the frustration of him staring at you. You had worn the ribbons with little plastic bombs on them every day since he had mentioned were kind of cool in passing to Roadhog. He hadn't considered that someone would feel affection for him. His experiences with romance were all inherently sexual. People died suddenly often in the Outback, so long-term relationships were a luxury nobody could afford. In the end, it left a person feeling hollow and weak, and the strong ate the weak. But he wasn't in the Outback anymore, and those same laws didn't apply to this situation. It left him confused.

   "It wasn't creepin'," he grumbled in a feeble attempt to save face. He was completely lost about what to do next. How was he going to face you in the next match, knowing what he knew now? Forget the battlefield, how was he going to talk to you ever again? His stomach felt weird, and his head was a mess of conflicting ideas on how to approach this new issue. But before he could get too into his own head, Hana and Lucio were laughing again.

   "Right, you were just following her every move because you wanted to investigate her 'battle tactics'," Hana teased, playfully pursing her lips. "You're so transparent, it's ridiculous,"

   "You look at her like you did when we first showed you fireworks," Lucio added with a reassuring smile. "It's pretty obvious that you like her too. You should go talk to her, get everything cleared up between the two of you,"

   Junkrat's ears flushed red as he chewed on his lip. He supposed he did feel something towards you. Even if you were really annoying during matches. Even though he thought that the hearts and flowers you painted on your bombs were totally stupid. Even if the cute ribbons you wore in your hair were impractical for battle. Even though those dumb skirts always made your legs look great. Even if your snarky little smirk was adorable, and your smug eyes looked so pretty in the sun, and that stupid lip gloss you wore made him want to kiss you...

   Fuck. He had it bad.

   "Gotta go, mates," he grunted as he got up from his seat and made off in a mad dash out of the cafeteria, abandoning what was left of his lunch.

   He paced down the hall quickly, making his way to the bunks. All that was certain in his mind was that he had to talk to you now. As he reached the door with your name engraved on it, he knocked and called your name. A minute passed with no response, and it didn't take long for him to get anxious. Was coming here so soon a bad idea? He hadn't even thought about what he was going to say to you. What if he botched it and you never spoke to him again? He wasn't exactly a suave sweet-talker like that cowboy. What if you thought that he was only trying to get in your pants? Well, okay, there was a little bit of truth behind that. But you were really pretty and smart (you had to be if explosives were your specialty), and he would be losing a valuable ally and friend if he messed this up.

   "God dammit, I need more time t' think 'bout this—" he grumbled as he spun away from your door. Just as he was about to walk off, the door squeaked open.

   "Junkrat?" you asked, surprised to see him of all people standing at your door. He flinched a little bit and turned to face you.

   "Uh...g'day," Junkrat greeted, giving you a little wave with his fingers. Though he forced a smile on his face, he cursed up and down inside. Now he had to say something to you.

   "...Hi, Junkrat," you returned, sounding more nervous than you would have liked. Here he was, at your door, and you had no way out. Sure, you could slam the door in his face, but that was doubtful to leave a good impression on him. You doubted that you had done that in the first place, anyway. He was always giving you angry stares and following you around. As much as you wanted to impress him and be liked by him, you always fouled it up. You ran away when you could to avoid any more embarrassment. But now you didn't have a Plan B. You could already feel the heat rushing to your face. "What brings you here?" you asked, projecting awkwardness with every move you made.

   Junkrat stuffed his hands in his pockets and racked his brain for an excuse to be at your door. "Uh...oh, yeah! I wanted ta check out ya setup. For makin' bombs an' such," he lied quickly. At least it