held him close, his face pressed into Feliciano's neck.

"W-wha- I-"

"I don't hate you, Italy. I'm not sure I could ever even dislike you." Ludwig said quietly, in such a low voice it made Feliciano shiver.

"I-I don't understand, you were so mad at me…"

Ludwig pulled back, looking so intensely uncomfortable it made Feliciano squirm. He looked conflicted, agitated, he had that look – that look that Feliciano had taken to be hatred. Ludwig ran his hand through his hair, loosening the gel that held it so perfectly slicked back.

"You…you distract me so much, Italy. You drive me mad with distraction! I am a man of order and focus and you ruin it all! I can't think straight when you are around me and you get under my skin and live there. I think about you day and night and I can't take my eyes off of you. You're so bright, Italy. You're so bright you burn me and set me on fire and I am so consumed by you that I invite those flames, I feed them until I am those flames. Until all I am is fire, burning and burning for you."

He stepped closer, his eyes – that were usually so cool – alight with something he had seen before and mistaken for hatred, but now he saw it was passion. Crazed, lust-filled passion. He gasped, all of his breath leaving him as he came closer. It was like he could feel those flames he spoke of rolling off of him and engulfing him as well. He was so hot…so, so hot.

Ludwig's body pressed against his and he melted from how hot he was. He was unyielding, merciless, his hard body melding to his so he no longer knew where he stopped and Ludwig began. His arms trapped the Italian, locking him within his heat and the hard table behind him. Feliciano's hands gripped at Ludwig's shirt, pleased when he put wrinkles in his perfectly pressed shirt. He liked this out of control Ludwig. He liked knowing he made him this way.

"Look at me." He said, and it was short and clipped, but it made Feliciano flush with desire instead of fear. His eyes snapped up, locking on dark, hungry, intense blue eyes. His gaze was enough to make his blood boil, and he was suddenly hard. He gave a keening moan, pressing himself even closer to the large man in front of him.

Ludwig's eyes flashed dangerously and then he was kissing Feliciano fiercely. The Italian shook violently, gasping and moaning and wrapping his arms around Ludwig, trying desperately to get closer. The kiss left him dizzy, breathless and so turned on his cock ached.

Ludwig's arms wrapped around the Italian, one along his back and the other gripping his ass firmly and tugging him even closer. Feliciano cried out, his hips bucking instinctively against Ludwig's muscular thigh. Their lips parted, but remained touching, Feliciano's breathy moans and gasps washing over Ludwig's mouth as they moved.

Ludwig pulled the smaller man's hips forward, pushing his thigh deeper between Feliciano's legs and savoring the friction of his cock rubbing over him, squeezing his perfect ass harder.

"L-Ludwig! Plea-please! Per favore! I…I need…" Feliciano was breathless, his fingers plucking desperately at Ludwig's shirt, trying to get the clothes from between their bodies. Ludwig obeyed, his steady hands moving to rid the Italian of his clothes, his mouth pressing against Feliciano's neck.

Feliciano tilted his head as far as he could, whimpering with how good it felt to have Ludwig's hot lips on his neck. Before he knew it, he was naked and left leaning against the table, gasping for breath and flushed. He felt instantly cold now that Ludwig wasn't pressed against him. But he was soon distracted because Ludwig was undressing.

His gaze was unbearably intense, never wavering as he unbuttoned his shirt and revealed a perfectly toned chest. Feliciano let his eyes trail downward, following the trail of nearly white hair down to his belly button, and then the 'v' that led down to a place Feliciano had only dreamed of seeing.

Ludwig smirked, his hands falling to his belt and working it open slowly.

"Hm, you seem quite entranced with something." He said, his voice so low and husky Feliciano almost came just from hearing it.

"Perhaps you would like to help, ja?" Feliciano's mouth went dry, panting as Ludwig stepped closer and took his hands, placing them at the front of his slacks. His fingers trembled as he struggled to open his trousers, and when they finally fell open, he paused, nervousness over taking him.

Ludwig's hand covered his, so gently he almost moaned, and placed it directly over his cock, curling his hand over his so that Feliciano's fingers tightened around his length. All