him like sharks in bloody water, hungry lions around a frail lamb.


 You’re no lamb. You’re not innocent or pure. You’re filthy, worthless, pathetic. 


As a wave of tears fall from Bucky’s eyes, he lowers them in shame. The doctor chooses that moment to make himself known, voice hinting at curiosity, “you are going to test its healing capabilities.” When he addresses them, the soldiers halt their movement. Bucky doesn’t look up. The doctor’s retreating footsteps echo in the emptiness of Bucky’s ribcage, reverberating through his fear, his pain, his hunger.

The first kick is unexpected, and Bucky stumbles. Hissing, he regains his balance, until a heavy boot slams into his ankle. Bucky falls, feels the bones fracturing, all of his focus honed in on that point of anguish. He’s gasping like a fish out of water, an almost dramatic show of weakness.

“Stand the fuck up and walk,” a man beside him speaks, and what else can Bucky do but comply?

Bucky sets his jaw and takes a step. He’s panting, sweating, and white as a sheet after he manages to take seven paces. The injured ankle is being favored, and the doctor makes a disappointed clucking noise and shakes his head. Bucky flushes with shame, though he does not know why he is upset at his captor’s negativity.

“Again,” an order that the soldiers follow with a cocky enthusiasm.

Bucky screams when the tread of a boot snaps four toes with a well-aimed stomp. His steps do not falter, but they do slow down. Harsh huffs of breath and a grimace are the only outward signs of pain that Bucky shows. It feels as though the pain is focused ten-fold, his blood pounding faster, his body kicking into over-drive to heal the fractures. The doctor nods, and Bucky turns on his uninjured heel to face the men. His face is calm and still as a cadaver. The soldiers’ jeers die down, some laugh uncomfortably.

The only warning the man who broke Bucky’s bones gets is a hand wrapping around his throat. The man’s face is wrenched in a shocked expression, feet dangling inches above the ground, as Bucky crushes his trachea with a single hand. After a moment of fearful immobility, the other soldiers rush to the man’s aid. He falls to the ground before they can reach Bucky.

His expression has not changed.

Pistol muzzles are jabbed against Bucky’s body, the stench of their fear is cloying in his nose. The soldiers are shouting frantically at him, the doctor is silent, it is compliant. Bucky drops to his knees and screams.

They’re still yelling, still surrounding him, still there, his injuries are throbbing, and it’s too much input at once. Overwhelmed, Bucky doubles over and dry heaves. He succumbs to the pain and exhaustion and his vision wavers.

“Good boy,” the doctor’s low timbre floats across the room to sit heavy in Bucky’s stomach.

Bucky faints.

come visit my tumblr so we can cry over bucky barnes

warning for blood, injury, torture, etc, as usual.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

When Bucky wakes up, he’s strapped down again. The KGB sure do love their restraints. Bucky’s foot and ankle are taped up, bones held firmly in place. Bucky has a moment of curiosity and tries to move them. Where there should be stabs of pain or the grinding of shattered bones, there is only numbness. I can’t even feel them. Bucky raises his head at the sound of someone clearing their throat.

“You should have kept going,” the doctor says. Just then, Bucky remembers what he did. It plays through his mind distorted and wrong, like watching a motion picture through a mirror.

It hits him all at once; the feel of bruising skin, the frailness of a human’s throat in his grasp, the amount of pressure it took to collapse the trachea. Bucky gasps for air. He feels ill.

“He is not dead,” the words feel like relief to Bucky, until the doctor grasps Bucky’s face, fingernails digging into his cheeks. “Follow your orders, or you will face the consequences.”

The doctor’s face is a few short inches from his face, and Bucky can smell the stale cigarettes on the man’s breath. His breathing becomes erratic. “That wasn’t me,” Bucky whispers, “I didn’t want to do that.” The doctor lets go, pushes Bucky’s face to the side so that it slams into the headrest.

“Please, I didn’t mean to do that to him.” Bucky’s crying, refuses to open his eyes.

Calloused fingers run through his hair, an almost soothing motion, until they creep towards Bucky’s throat and grasp harshly. He chokes, opens his eyes to the man standing before him. Bucky struggles, can