,” Marinette shook her head innocently.

It was technically true. Instead, Marinette had swam further out to a wrecked ship, but then again, her purpose had still been to collect human trinkets to satisfy her curiosity.

“Were you collecting human objects again?”


Well, shit.


Marinette remained silent, blushing furiously of embarrassment, while Fu held his hand out in front of her.

“...I wasn't able to find much,” She assured, rummaging through her bag, and being careful not to give any hints that Tikki was still hiding inside. Marinette ended up drawing a quill, a pearl necklace, and a couple of coins from her bag, before holding them out for Fu to take. “I don't see how any of these objects could be harmful.”

“That's not the point, Marinette,” Fu insisted, setting the objects aside for a moment. “I'm sure I've mentioned to you before, ‘curiosity killed the cat’.”

“I still don't even know what a cat is,” Marinette objected, exasperation showing on her face. “I’m already 15, and I still barely know anything about the human world. If they’re so dangerous, why shouldn't I know more about them?”

Fu didn't respond just yet, and re-approached Marinette. “You know that I’m only trying to protect you,” He spoke in a sympathetic tone, placing a hand on the pouting girl’s shoulder. “After your parents-”

“I know,” She interrupted sharply, looking away and closing her eyes. “You don't have to remind me they’re gone..”

“They were good friends of mine, especially your mother,” He continued, knowing it was a sensitive subject for her. “I know she would've wanted what was best for you, and that's all I'm trying to provide, young Ladybug.”

The corners of Marinette’s mouth twitched upwards into a small smile. He always called her his Ladybug because she loved the pattern. In fact, he had even gotten her a pair of red earrings with black spots on them for her 13th birthday, a couple of years ago. They were such a simple accessory, and Marinette usually wasn't one for jewelry, but she rarely ever took the earrings off.

Even fate had made her best friend a red and black-spotted fish! (aka Tikki)

“Okay, Uncle,” Marinette accepted for now. “If it's okay with you, I think I'll stop by and visit the cavern for a while. Rose and the others are usually there. Maybe it'll do me good if I see them.”

“That’s the spirit,” Fu smiled warmly at her idea. “You have my permission.”

A smile crossed Marinette’s face, and she pecked Fu on the cheek. “Thank you, Uncle,” She told him, and then swam out of her room.

“Marinette,” Tikki’s head popped out of the bag, once they were outside the cave again. “There are still more human objects in here…”

“Oh, I couldn't resist, Tikki,” Marinette insisted, as Tikki emerged from the bag and floated in front of her. “I meant it to Fu, I really will stop by to see Rose and the others… Besides, the cavern is on the way to my grotto anyway.”

Tikki watched Marinette swim slightly ahead, sighing to herself, before continuing to swim at her side.

Meanwhile, Fu watched Marinette and Tikki swim away. His expression was stoic for a moment, before his head turned slightly. “Wayzz.”

As if on cue, a small green turtle floated over to his side. “Yes, Master Fu?”

“Keep an eye on Marinette for the day,” Fu asked of him. “Please, make sure she doesn't go wandering off again. She could've very easily ended up in Hawkmoth’s territory earlier today.”

“I'll see to it that it won't happen, Master,” Wayzz bowed his head, and then zipped off away from the cave to find the young Ladybug.

Just one thing I'd like to establish, concerning the use of the Miraculouses in this story:

For those that as confused, the Tale of the Miraculouses are widely known of, but their existence is just about as real as mermaids in this story. Merfolk know of the Miraculouses, but humans see them as a simple myth. However, the myth only features five Miraculous holders (Turtle, Bee, Fox, Butterfly, and Peacock).

The Ladybug and Cat Miraculouses are lesser known due to the risk of their combined greater power. With that in mind, Marinette is unaware that she has the Ladybug Miraculous, since she doesn't known of its existence.

I hope this clears things up a bit!

Thanks for everyone so far that's bookmarked, commented, given kudos to, etc. this story! I really appreciate it. 

Concerning the couple of comments though about adding songs from Little Mermaid