there when he found out his brother was a liar, so he should be able to get the hint.

The boy doesn’t make it to the door. A small hand catches his sleeve, and the voice struggles to get his attention once again.

“Please, wait!” Yamaguchi repeats.

Tsukishima cringes and turns around to meet the freckled face. There’s something off about it today, and his eyes search for the reason unintentionally until they find a little bruise on the boy’s jaw.

“What,” he grunts a few seconds later, looking up. The words are cold, and combined with his height should be enough to scare off even the bravest of his classmates, yet somehow Yamaguchi doesn’t seem to be so affected. His expression is uncertain, and that’s it. He doesn’t step back.

“Can I go with you-?!” he blurts out, and his stare immediately drops to the floor as if it’s the one he’s asking.

Frown deepening, Tsukishima blinks at him. Processes the offer and its meaning. It’s not just about leaving the classroom together, it’s more than that.

Yamaguchi’s hand darts back to his side and stays there.

“I mean… I’m asking because…” he tries, fingers clenching and unclenching, and he’s so nervous now it’s obvious he’s been thinking about this for a while. “I wanted to-”

“No,” Tsukishima cuts him off calmly.

The answer is sharp.

“-uh…”

It also must have felt like a slap in the face because Yamaguchi stills almost completely: the only part of him that moves is his chest as he takes uneven breaths. Tsukishima doesn’t wait for him to recover and starts walking away.

Unfortunately for him, the boy manages to gather himself before it’s too late.

“W-wait!”

Yamaguchi runs out into the corridor and spots Tsukishima by the stairway. The latter doesn’t look very pleased by the pursuit and thus doesn’t stop walking, but the boy stubbornly proceeds.

“Just once!” he shouts. His feet hit the stairs, and he hops over two steps per jump, doing his best to catch up. He nearly bumps into a fragile blonde girl who’s heading to the second floor; she shrieks, and he mutters an apology.

When the boys get to the lobby, it becomes evident that Yamaguchi is not planning to stop any time soon. Tsukishima finally halts and turns on his heel.

“Stop following me!” he demands angrily. Yamaguchi freezes before him like an obedient servant and bites his lip, swallowing whatever he was going to say. Tsukishima locks their eyes together for a moment to make sure he really gets it, and then exits the building through the large doors. Yamaguchi doesn’t follow.

The next day at school is as colorless as the ones that preceded it. It’s the same routine of reading, writing and answering correctly, and the same sunlight falls on Tsukishima’s hands when he collects his belongings from the table. The same evening waits for him at home, too.

However, as he’s about to leave the classroom, Yamaguchi attempts to slow him down again.

“Wait! Tsukki!” he calls. The sudden nickname rubs the wrong way, makes Tsukishima grit his teeth.

“Do not call me that,” he says, and then notices that Yamaguchi has two bruises now, the second one barely peeking from the sleeve of his t-shirt.

“Can I go with you today?” the boy asks. It’s like the first time has never happened, and he ignores Tsukishima’s irritation as well.

“No,” Tsukishima answers. Surprisingly, it’s enough: Yamaguchi lets out a frustrated breath and returns to his desk, and Tsukishima nods to himself - there’s no misunderstanding anymore.

Except everything repeats the next day. Yamaguchi is either dense or insolent; any other person in his place would already stop trying. But there he is, and he’s not backing away.

Tsukishima opens his mouth to refuse when he sees a bunch of boys staring their way. Or, more precisely, they’re staring at Yamaguchi who’s shifting from one foot to another in front of him. There aren’t any new bruises on his skin yet - at least, there are none Tsukishima can see.

It may be that, or the boy might be thinking that Yamaguchi will stop with his offers if he gets what he wants – either way, Tsukishima doesn’t say no. He doesn’t say anything, actually, simply shares another look with Yamaguchi - a long one. The boy blinks twice, and Tsukishima moves towards the door.

He doesn’t refuse.

As fast as it’s possible for a boy of his age, Yamaguchi dashes to his table and throws everything he owns into his bag. After that he rushes out and runs until he’s shoulder to shoulder with Tsukishima again; there’s no “stop following me” and no angry glances this time