some kind of approval from Widowmaker. The purple skinned woman was intrigued. She knew the signs of when she was wanted, or even if she wasn’t, why not try it?
Widowmaker let out a small purr before responding.

“Fuck me.”

Widowmaker commands, not a single visible change in her face. There was a pause. Zarya’s face widened in shock, she wasn’t able to process what she had just heard. Her eyes cast down towards her hand. Widowmaker held back a mewl; unsure of it was out of protest or amusement.

“Nevermin-,”

“Understood.”

Widowmaker’s eyes opened in slight shock while she was hoisted up into the air like nothing. Zarya had swept her off of her feet with no effort. The slender woman was in the arms of the tall woman. Widowmaker felt Zarya’s warm hands wrapped around her small shoulder. Widowmaker couldn’t recall the last time she had felt so tiny and helpless. Zarya’s pace was not as quick as Widowmaker wanted it to be, if anything the purple woman almost felt like she was getting cold feet.

The two made it into Zarya’s room. The strong woman dropped the smaller woman onto the bed. Widowmaker was hardly able to catch her breath as Zarya leaned forward to push Widowmaker down onto her back. Widowmaker’s own bed was nowhere near as big as the one Zarya was assigned to, she was almost jealous. She looked at sheets, the pillows, and the rest of her room, taking in every detail besides Zarya. Zarya noticed Widowmaker had not been looking at her. Her confidence waned only for half a second as she loomed over her. Widowmaker had noticed Zarya had stopped moving and finally connected eyes with her. Zarya could see the half lidded woman waiting and caught sight of her chest rising and dropping, Widowmaker’s breathing was growing shallow.

That was the look that Zarya was waiting for.

Widowmaker had been wearing a shirt that clung to her body, but it was peeled off in a matter of seconds and thrown onto the side of Zarya’s room. Widowmaker would have normally been concerned if her shirt had gotten dirty or not, but with a quick scan of the room once more she safely concluded the woman taking charge of her was a rather clean and organized from the looks of her room. Zarya moved without words, Widowmaker liked this. Before she knew it, Widowmaker was laying completely exposed in front of Zarya. The purple skinned woman was not prone to self-consciousness so she double downed in her own confidence and was awaiting some kind of response from the muscular woman. Zarya hadn’t noticed Widowmaker squaring up and rather had her eyes scan and appreciate the violet body that lay in front of her.

Widowmaker’s skin was noticeably pale in the light. Her body was bare, besides the thin patch of hair that was sitting neatly above her pussy. Zarya soaked in the sight, appreciating Widowmaker’s physique. The weightlifter knew when a person spends time and effort to stay in shape. She noted how muscular she was, her lean build told Zarya of her history of dance. It’s not the first time the bodybuilder had slept with a ballerina.

The two made eye contact. Widowmaker could not turn away, she watched the other woman give her a smirk before she moved forward again. Widowmaker could have sworn Zarya was going to plant a kiss onto her lips, but she watched Zarya begin to kiss her neck. Widowmaker craned it over for easier access for Zarya. Zarya gladly took the response while her hands began to search Widowmaker’s body. Hard to believe the woman had such capability to be so agile. Widowmaker’s eyes flashed towards Zarya’s rippling arm muscles. She had momentarily forgotten that the woman currently caressing her body is a world champion weightlifter. Being the top of the game for a powerful body probably requires a fair amount of training and skill, something Widowmaker could vaguely remember. Zarya began to trail down Widowmaker’s chest, hovering over her breasts.

Zarya could see all the signs of Widowmaker’s body agreeing with her. She found out relatively quickly that Widowmaker’s body could easily give up the fact that she could indeed feel things.

Well, at the very least Widowmaker could feel arousal.

Zarya’s lips clasped onto Widowmaker’s nipple, the contact forced a small sigh from Widowmaker. Zarya wanted more. She began to play with Widowmaker’s free breast while she continued to suck on the dark nipple. Widomaker stayed silent, no words were needed as Zarya could feel the woman begin to move her body to stay connected with her hand. Zarya’s swept down, gripping Widowmaker’s hip. Her descent down Widowmaker’s body continued. Zarya continued to plant more kisses onto Widowmaker’s stomach, but was stopped before she reached her bellybutton. Her hand gripping onto Zarya’s hair, slightly digging her nails into her scalp.

“I said to fuck me.” Widowmaker’s voice sounded bored again, but her eyes betrayed her. The more Zarya watched and listened to Widowmaker, the