now. “I’ll meet you out front,” he said coolly, smirk never leaving his rich bastard face.

*****

The air stank of booze. Petra wrinkled her nose as she meandered her way through crowded tables over to the bar, cursing her heightened senses that came with being part-canine. She saw Auruo waving a languid arm towards her, beckoning for her to join him, Erd, and Gunther at their table. She stuck her tongue out in reply, choosing to sit close to the front. As long as she was in the same room as them, they wouldn’t get too rowdy. Otherwise, she’d beat the sense back into them again.

There was a buzz in the atmosphere tonight. She noticed a group of history students cracking up at one corner of the bar, faces already flushed from the alcohol, though the red lighting that overcast the entire room probably enhanced the colour as well.

On the opposite side, about seven people she recognized from English Literature lectures were playing a game of  ‘Never Have I Ever’, One of them looked like they were just about ready to explode as he downed another shot, his fellow mates egging him on.

Petra turned back to front, raising her hand to motion Hannes over.

Old Man Hannes, the owner of the bar, was always very welcoming to his guests. Most of the time he would be joining in the fun with the students, but as tonight was a particularly crowded night, he had chosen to sit this one out to become the responsible supervisor.

“Miss Ral! Haven’t seen yer in a while,” he flashed her a toothy, yellow-stained grin. “What can I get yer?”

“Just a pint for now,” she smiled back. He nodded, busying himself with her order.

In no time she was on her second pint and she was already tugging at her T-Shirt collar, cheeks tainted pink.

“Bit stifling in here, right?” asked Hannes as he passed her a glass of cold water, which she gulped down gratefully. “I trust you know how to handle yerself well, m’dear.”

“Of course,” Petra did her best to sound convincing.

It was only when she was intoxicated that she started to seriously think about the events that had directly preceded the night.

Burning trees. Black hair. Silver eyes. He was like a wolf himself when she thought about deliberately. Sharp nose, sharp jaw. He would be better suited into this life than her.

She giggled at that, taking another sip.

Levi. The name reminded her of a lone wolf, scouring the snow-barren land for prey then pouncing on it majestically, ripping its neck apart in one swift motion. It embarrassed her to admit that the image filled her with a tinge of ecstasy.

Suddenly, Gunther was at her side. “You okay there, Petra?” he asked as he laid down a fiver on the counter, motioning for more drinks. Hannes happily complied.

“Yeah,” she nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine.”

Gunther stared at her for a few seconds before turning to Hannes. “Make sure you don’t give her anything after the third pint except water.”

Petra sent him a scathing glare. “I can take care of myself.”

“Yeah, but the rest of us can’t take care of you,” he replied, referring to the two boys laughing loudly behind him. “Look, there goes Auruo,” he said with disdain.

Petra rolled her eyes. “Fine,” she said. “I need to stay awake to catch up on work tonight anyway.”

Gunther shrugged, leaving her in peace once Hannes had given him three bottles.

Petra resumed her thoughts, staring at the white foam lining the surface of the honey-coloured liquid. What if I hadn’t run away? What if I stayed and talked to him? What would he have said? What would I have said?

She scooted backwards on her seat to place her cheek on the cold wooden countertop. Her caramel eyes had glazed over, matching the colour of the brewed beer she was holding.

Then, as if a giant spider had jumped and began crawling on her skin, she jolted awake, alert.

Her nose twitched. Burning.

She groaned, finishing the pint in one large gulp. “One more!” she exclaimed over the noise that had begun to accumulate. Hannes filled it right up to the brim.

 She felt sick. Nauseous. Burning pinewood did not mix well with the taste of alcohol. Still, she held it in, focusing on a picture of the Wild West that Hannes had placed to the side of the counter. As if on cue, ‘Clint Eastwood’ started to drum its way into her ears, honing in on Damon Albarn’s apathetic drawl.

Christ, what is that smell? she internally gagged. She coughed a few times before swivelling on the stool to look behind her.

Sure enough, Levi was there, mirroring the pained expression on her face. Their eyes met, causing Petra to shiver against her will.

He sauntered over