have more access. He kissed him with passion, pushing the leader on the bed to lie on top of him, making him moan softly when he sucked on his tongue.

The elder tried to stop him when he realized what they were doing, weakly pushing his chest without success. He turned his head to the side but Jongin carried on mouthing his chin, jaw and neck, his hands caressing his torso with warm palms.

“Jongin…stop…J-Jongin…” He tried, but the attention the dancer was giving him was exhilarating, he had craved his touch for months and couldn’t help but act selfishly. He shut his eyes and let him kiss, suck, bite and play with each patch of skin he could get, moaning a litany of ‘Hyung’ under his breath.

After a while, he stopped and looked back at Junmyeon’s face. The latter had his eyes closed and his breath was coming short but he looked so tempting under him.

“Hyung, look at me.” He whispered.

The leader turned to face him, biting his lips. To say he was nervous was an understatement. Did Jongin realize what did they do ? Was he disgusted ? Did he regret ? Will he say he was sorry ?

“You’re really beautiful like this…and I want you. Do you…want me too ?” He asked, suddenly shy.

Junmyeon stared at him, surprised. He opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. “I…I…”

Jongin looked disappointed and a little hurt then smiled sadly. “I’m sorry…I just thought…maybe you wanted me ? The look you gave me earlier…I’m sorry I forced myself on you Hyung…” He spoke in a whisper.

Before he could get up, the leader grabbed his wrist. “No…stay…” He pleaded.

The younger shot him a curious glance, confused. Junmyeon yanked him back and Jongin landed against his chest, their face nearly touching. Wrapping his arms around his neck, he kissed him slowly, biting his lower lip. “I want you…” He breathed.

The dancer grinned and kissed him more fervently, breaking away to pull out his shirt. The elder’s hand roamed along his body, touching as much skin as he could, eliciting soft moans from the younger. They battled for dominance, rolling around the bed, undressing each other, kissing and chuckling like kids playing around.
Finally Jongin succeed at immobilizing the leader and smirked, proud of himself. “So, what now ?” He hummed, leaning to kiss Junmyeon’s nose.

The leader snorted then raised an eyebrow. “You’re trying to act like you know what you’re doing but you don’t right ?”

“Touché.” He replied sheepishly.

He griped Junmyeon’s thighs and put them on his hips, not without kissing the inside, then grinded against him making them groan at the friction between their cocks. “Fuck, do that again” the elder moaned, moving his own hips. Jongin did it again and again, wanting to hear more of the noises the leader let out.

“Do you want to come like this Hyung ?” Jongin asked, panting.

“Ngh…N-No…I want m-more !” He moaned.

Jongin stopped his movements and let his head rest on Junmyeon’s chest, kissing the skin here softly. “What do you want ?” He mumbled while the latter planted his foot on the bed.

The leader sighed, trying to calm his breathing, then play with the younger’s hair. “Did you bottom before Jongin-ah ?” He inquired, curious.

A soft ‘no’ was his reply. He smiled tenderly. “Ok, then you can top…for now.”

Jongin hummed and made his way to his lips to kiss him with heatedly. His hands wandered south, spreading the leader’s thighs before he went down, his face at the leader’s stomach’s level. Junmyeon moaned at the sight. “You look good between my legs…” He smirked.

The younger pinched his thigh making him wince then kiss the area as an apology. He began mouthing along the inside of the thigh, leaving a wet trail of saliva then did the same with the other. Junmyeon’s breathe quickened and he bit his lips hard to muffle his cries.

Impatient, the elder tried to close his legs to oblige the dancer to speed up making the latter chuckled. “Be patient Hyung.” He kissed the skin above his groin before biting it, living a red mark.

“Don’t be a tease !” Junmyeon groaned, breathless.

Jongin smiled then proceeded to attach his lips to his cock, licking the head expertly first before engulfing as much as he could. He started to suck him off right away, stroking the part he couldn’t fit in his mouth with his hand. Junmyeon moaned loudly, gripping the younger’s hair none to gently, overwhelmed by the sensation.

The dancer whined around him, nearly choking when the elder snapped his hips forward. He dug his nails