nervously back.

‘I-I-I,’ she paused and took a deep breathe. ‘I heard you liked Chat Noir.’

Alya patted Marinette on the back and gave her a big thumbs up and before starting to drag her around the stairs to properly talk to the boys. Alya noticed that the smile never left Adrien’s face, she was glad, her friend never really seemed to smile freely.

‘This is amazing! Thank you!’ Adrien quickly tucked the box away into his bag but held onto the beanie, it was so soft. He had never received a gift like this so he didn’t want to let it go. The fact that it was made for him by Ladybug only strengthened the need to hold it in his hands. As if to make sure that it was real.

Marinette turned to Alya with a huge grin on her face, nerves forgotten for the moment as relief took its place. She turned back to Adrien still smiling and simply brushed off his thanks, saying he deserved it and that she hoped it would help in the ever approaching winter.

‘I didn’t know you could knit like this Marinette! You got to make me one! It looks so warm!’ Nino exclaimed, looking at the blue haired girl with an expression of amazement.  

Nino was surprised though that when he tried to touch the beanie that Adrien moved it out of his grasp, he looked up in surprise to see a very defensive look on the boys face. Nino’s brows furrowed in response and Adrien quickly realized his mistake and held out the beanie for his friend to touch.

‘I only learnt recently.’ Marinette explained, no stutter present as she wasn’t looking at Adrien.

‘She made me one to test her skills! It’s so cool! It’s a Ladybug design but she slipped the Ladyblog symbol onto it!’ Alya teased Nino as she elbowed him in the side.

Nino turned accusing eyes to Marinette. She took a little step back throwing her hands in front of her and quickly promised to make him a beanie. Nino simply nodded and slung his arm around her shoulders with a grin on his face and a guarantee to hold her to her promise. Adrien smiled and turned around to head into the building, school was about to start and after all the effort Adrien went to make sure him and Marinette weren’t late, he was going to make sure they were at least in the building when the warning bells rang.

 

Class was long and boring, Adrien could feel Marinette staring at the back of his head. He had to constantly resist the urge to turn around and try and talk to her. He wasn’t aware if she had always stared, but now with all the new information he had, it just made concentrating on his school work all the harder. At least the tutoring excuse would work better now. They would probably have to work together just to figure out what happened in class in the first place. At the end of the day the four friends walked together to find a place to sit down and eat and study.

Marinette kept glancing at Adrien, she didn’t really mean to, more from habit than anything by this point. But she still loved him dearly and so desperately hoped that he really did like her. That she really did live up to the expectations he had from Ladybug. There was nothing worse than being a disappointment to her most trusted partner and her crush. Thankfully Alya just left her alone for the most part. She hoped her best friend thought she was just freaking out over the fact that she had successfully given him the beanie.

It was weird looking at the beanie now gently placed on his head. It wasn’t cold enough to warrant wearing a beanie, but the grin she occasionally caught on his face showed he truly loved it. Once he caught her staring and he gave her a quick thumbs up and an extremely Chat Noir-like wink. Marinette made an unrecognizable noise and subtly moved more towards Alya. Her only reaction was a raised eyebrow as she returned to her conversation with Nino.

‘So,’ Adrien began after while, ‘How is everyone going with Physics?’ He asked casually, he really wanted to start up the excuse that Tikki had given them. He didn’t really know how long he would last being around Marinette/ Ladybug and not act the way he so desperately wanted to.

Alya shrugged, not really paying much attention, a reaction that Adrien was expecting. Nino just waved his hands in front of his face, as always trying to avoid homework and never acknowledge the fact he had to study. Marinette’s reaction surprised him though, her head fell and slammed onto the table. Both Nino and Adrien jumped in response while Alya just sighed and placed a reassuring hand on her back. It seemed that Marinette really did have trouble. She might actually need his help after all.

‘You ok Marinette?’ Nino asked nervously, his hands still raised in defense from Marinette’s action.

Grumbles were the only response that came from the girl. Marinette still didn’t lift her head to