from a tsunami and that's just pathetic.They didn't really look menacing aside from the crazy natural bed hair of Kuroo with his smug smile and Bokuto with his grey horn like hair streak with black and his loud voices that somehow he couldn't seem to be able to volume it down.

 

"Whatever,just don't cause another chaos here like you guys did last time,"He said before continuing his work.

 

""Your boyfriend looks pretty."Kuroo teased as Bokuto held the wing of the owl plushy doll which look surprisingly like the owl version of Akaashi.

 

I feel like I've met the boy of my dreams." Bokuto said sullenly with his natural loud voice which caught the attention of some costumers in the cafe. "You guys look great together.

 

Kuroo pouted at Bokuto's word.His usual smug like smile disappeared as he put down the fork he's using to eat his favorite red velvet cake and parted the cat plushy doll.

 

"This is my comrade,"He said proudly before he looked around and leaned closer to Bokuto."Why did you accept them."He hissed in embarrassment.

 

 "How could I say no when he offered them, begging us not to come back?" Bokuto's lips pouted.

 

Kuroo sighed and leaned back."I wonder how a softie like you can be so good in battles,"Bokuto smiled at that compliment,"I don't get it,"

 

"That guy earlier will be fine,right?"Bokuto asked.

 

Talking about the incident that happened a while ago which caused them to have the plushy doll by their side.They had tried to catch a thief when they were at a fun fair.The thief was riding a scooter which was stolen as well as he tries to ran away but Bokuto and Kuroo had expertly caught the thief. The poor thief needed to be send to a hospital after injuring himself when he fell off the scooter and it even broke his ankle and probably some broken ribs. Kuroo made a great job patching him up before the ambulance arrived to heal the wound and the scooter was returned to the rightful owner who thanked them but were shoo'ed away for creating such chaos and there, each one of them got a plushy doll so that they won't return there.

 

"He knew how to fall on his side when he was falling of the scooter.He'll be fine,"Kuroo said while sweeping away the invisible dust from the plushy doll.

 

"I kind of feel sorry for him,"Bokuto said as he looked out of the window of the cafe.

 

"Look at you -,"Before Kuroo can continue his words,his phone on the table buzzed.

 

Kuroo reached out for his phone and arches his eyebrow at the caller ID name before glancing up to Bokuto.

 

"Is it from the troop?"

 

"It's a troop indeed,"Kuroo said and show him the caller ID name,"But not ours,"Bokuto smile falter.

 

Akaashi Keiji.

 

"Don't take the call,"He said.

 

 Bokuto had some kind of special relationship with Akaashi Keiji. They were in a relationship but Akaashi's dad,who is the Lieutenant general Keiji didn't approved their relationship and threatened to remove Bokuto from the army if he dared to be in a relationship with his son. Bokuto tried avoiding Akaashi who had no idea what his dad had done and been trying to call him. Bokuto didn't really want to drag Akaashi together with him into his problem. He could have just explain the situation to Akaashi and maybe talk about it to try solving it up together or maybe even make up with each other about the problem. Kuroo had enough seeing Bokuto running away from Akaashi and decided that Bokuto needs to solve it today with Akaashi instead of making it worse which is not helping their relationship at all.

 

"I will take it,"Kuroo said with a serious monotone."I will answer it and have him come here.You better settle it like a real man!"

 

"Bro!!!I'll buy you dinner.Steak!"

 

"I make enough money to buy that myself,"Kuroo said as his hand dove to accept the call but Bokuto held his hand.

 

"How about a drink? Wine?"

 

"I don't drink wine,"

 

Bokuto was beyond desperate before he blurt out"I'll introduce my cousin to you.She flies,"

 

"In the air force?"

 

 "A flight attendant.I have photos of her colleagues on my phone,"Kuroo pulled his hand back and pressed the end call button.

 

"You've been keeping that from me all this time?"Kuroo asked."Your phone.Hurry up,"

 

Bokuto smiled sheepishly and reached out for his phone.He checked the pocket on his pants and clothes but it wasn't there.Kuroo looked at him suspiciously.

 

"Huh?"

 

"Earlier . . . ,"Bokuto voices trailed off as he thought back to the incident when they caught the thief.

 

 Their thought wondered back to when they had caught the thief. Kuroo asked one of them for pen before he writing something of the thief's hand while Bokuto checked for injury in his ankle which