the stronger opponent

Gamzee grinned slightly, quickly pushing forward with the kiss and making quick work of Tavros' shirt. He'd buy a new one later, it was too problematic to end the kiss and pull it over his head.

Hearing the rip of his shirt sent a shiver down the spine the cold air rushed to his bare chest making him hold Gamzee closer for warmth. He slid his hand up the back of Gamzee's shirt and ran his finger down his spine.

Gamzee shivered slightly, dragging a long, pointed nail down Tavros' chest. "Mm, shit bro." his nail left a scratch running from Tavros' shoulder blade on a diagonal down his stomach. It ended on his hip just above the hem of his pants.

"Ga-Gamzee." He nibbled Gamzee's bottom lip before taking off his shirt pressing their bodies together and scratching his back roughly.

Gamzee let out a breath, kissing a trail down Tavros's chin and then biting lightly at his neck. His hands scratched at Tavros' sides, reveling in the sting from Tavros' claws. "Nn..."

Tavros moaned loudly and threw his head back. "Gamzee!" He cried out his name in utter bliss. Grabbing thick locks of his hair playing with it.

Gamzee pressed down against Tavros a bit more, biting hard enough to break the skin on his neck and causing a small dribble of blood to form there. "We haven't even got to the fun part yet, bro." he chuckled slightly, lapping at the dribble of blood.

Tavros bit his lip his eyes rolling in the back of his head. He was loosing it and he was loosing it fast he needed release now. He pushed Gamzee to the floor crawling over him looking him in the eyes scratching him down his chest and rubbing his crotch.

Gamzee groaned and pushed up a little into a sitting position, recapturing Tavros's mouth with his. One hand wrapped around Tavros' throat lightly, holding him in place.

Tavros ground against Gamzee enjoying the feeling of his boner rubbing him his lips curling into a grin.

"Should get you high more often." Gamzee muttered, breathing a bit stilted but otherwise still grinning like the crazy juggalo he was.

"Yea its fun." He moaned, licking his lips seductively.

Gamzee brought a hand up, smudging his make up and revealing more of the purplish skin underneath it. A small bit of brownish blood smudged over his cheek and he licked it off his thumb. "Shit, bro, like I said, we haven't even gotten to the fun part yet." his hands slipped down to the hem of Tavros' pants again.

"Mmm, please Gamzee what is the fun part?" Tavros winked. Anticipating what was to come.

Gamzee caught Tavros's mouth with his again, shoving their weight until Tavros was on the ground, pinned under him. He let his claws catch the button on Tavros's pants, pushing it free and then pushing the zipper down. "This." he muttered, "This is the motherfuckin' fun part." He pushed down Tavros' pants

Tavros looked up at Gamzee, his eyes clouded with lust, he uttered one word. "Fun."

Gamzee sat up a little, still holding Tavros down with his hands even without being right on top of him. His eyes had a different glint from before in them. His grin stretched across his face, causing his smeared makeup to look even more crazy. "Y'know. I usually don't get motherfuckin' distracted like this when eating my pies... but this is a great substitute, I think." he muttered. "My head's surprisn'ly clear."

"Tell me Gamzee, what are thinking or better yet show." Tavros was daring him to make his move.

Gamzee leaned down and grinned at Tavros, "I'm thinking I've never been this motherfuckin' sober before," he muttered, "And you're looking better than any pie." he licked at the dwindling dribble of blood on Tavros' neck, pulling the skin a bit more to make it bleed more. He shifted his weight completely over Tavros again and pushed down his pants, which were loose enough that he didn't even need to unbutton them.

Tavros moaned loudly and grabbed hold of Gamzees erection stroking it slowly. "better than pie, huh? You know I think that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me."

Gamzee grunted a little as he looked down at Tavros again, "Shit, bro. I should be saying more awesome things about you..." he brought his hand down and grabbed hold of Tavros' erection, twirling his thumb over the top and not afraid to use the slight claw on the end of his thumbnail over it.

Tavros shivered and brought his mouth up to Gamzee's ear. "Mmm, yea you should." He whispered and nibbled, tugging at the skin.

Gamzee let his hand move, grunting a little bit and letting the tiniest moan escape. /Take him./ A voice in his head hissed, /Make him scream./

"Gamzee