deepened Sousuke's ever growing concern. Whatever was going on with his lover they needed to address and it was obvious they needed to do it sooner rather than later.

 

Shaking his head, Sousuke gave him a genuine and reassuring smile. "Nah, it's alright. If we go now then we could be at your parents' place by dinner and I now Ran and Ren have been dying to see you," His mention of the twins had its desired affect and Makoto's smile grew into a truly fond one as he thought of his siblings.

 

"You're right. Let's go."

 

It had been close but they had made it for dinner, pleasantly surprising Makoto's family. To anyone on the outside, dinner had been the jovial event it always was with Makoto indulging his siblings, Sousuke teasing them fondly, and Makoto's parents asking how school was going with genuine curiosity.  For Sousuke, everything seemed a little bit off. Makoto was quieter than he usually was, obviously distracted by whatever had suddenly brought them back to their home town in the first place. The twins seemed to pick up on it and were far less noisy and demanding of their brother's attention then they usually were. Mr. Tachibana seemed to be weighing each of Makoto's answers to his questions as if trying to gauge what might be wrong and Mrs. Tachibana kept giving Sousuke these worried looks to which Sousuke could only shrug and try to give her a reassuring look in return. The whole thing was weird. Makoto was usually overly aware of how everyone around him was feeling but tonight he didn't seem to notice the worry that they all felt.

 

When everyone had finished eating, Mrs. Tachibana had declared that it was time for the twins to go to bed which of course was met with a chorus of pleas to stay up with Mako-nii and Sou-nii. Makoto had merely chuckled and promised that they would take the twins to the park tomorrow. That had appeased them and soon they were scampering off to bed with their mother. Standing to help clear the table, both Sousuke and Makoto were surprised when they were stopped by Mr. Tachibana. "I'll take care of this, boys." He told them with a warm smile and shooed them off. Makoto looked surprised but Sousuke took the opportunity for what it was: a chance to figure out what was going on. Taking Makoto's hand, he drew him into the living room and pulled him close, obvious concern on his features. "Makoto…" He started only to trail off, not sure how to approach the subject. Words had never been his strong suit. Makoto just looked at him fondly for a moment before nodding.

 

"I know. Come with me," His voice sounded exactly like it had when they'd been studying in the library before finals and all Sousuke could do was nod in return. Makoto led him towards the door, pausing only briefly to tell his dad that they were stepping out. The sun was just starting to set and no one else seemed to be around. Sousuke was burning to ask questions but Makoto seemed comfortable in the silence and he didn't want to press. Instead, he reached out for his other's hand, feeling that same warm fluttering in his chest that always happened when Makoto took it and laced their fingers together. For the moment, they could both just enjoy the quiet spring evening. So lost in this own thoughts, Sousuke was surprised when he noticed where exactly they had ended up.

 

The sun was setting on the water, making the sky and ocean look orange and red. As they stood there on the sand looking out across the ocean, the water reaching for their shoes, Sousuke felt Makoto tense beside him. His gaze looked far away, like he was seeing something only he could see; maybe even something he didn't want to see.

 

"Haru and Rin are coming back from Australia to visit next month." Makoto finally spoke up quietly after watching the sun nearly sink into the waves. Sousuke could tell from the other's tone that this wasn't what Makoto really wanted to talk about but he also knew that saying how he really felt could be surprisingly hard for his lover.

 

"Yeah, Rin told me. He said Nagisa wants to have a reunion party here on the beach since it'll be warm." The taller male responded just as quietly, feeling like there was some unspoken need to do so. Makoto didn't need him to loudly force anything out of him right now. Sousuke knew that Makoto was gathering his thoughts and just needed him to be his silent support.

 

So he waited and for a while, Makoto didn't say anything. He just kept staring out over the ocean. As he stood there in the fading light, tense and subdued, with his hair blown softly by the light breeze, Sousuke was sure he had never seen anything more beautiful… or more hauntingly sad. "Have I ever told you…" Makoto's voice drew him out of his thoughts and he refocused his gaze to