,also his whole torso. All girls want him, even some of the boys, especially me! Oh shit. He noticed me staring at him. Shit what do I do now. His presence makes me freak out! Wait why is he coming over, oh my god.

„Hey, I’m Harry. What’s your name beautiful?“ I didn’t notice I haven’t answered him yet and started stuttering nonsense words. I was absolutely nervous but managed to grow some balls and gave a quite „Louis“ from me. He smirked because he obviously knew what effect he had on me. We talked quite long, even during class and we got to know eachother better. We were in class when he leaned over and whispered „Meet me at 8 at my house tomorrow, I live a few houses away from yours. Be there.“ And with that he walked away and left me completely speechless.

*flashback over*

-

Saturday 8 PM

„ I can’t believe I’m going here“ repeated itself a thousand times in my head. I was nervous as fuck. Finally I arrived at his doorstep and with shaky hands I ringed his bell. I heard footsteps and then there he stood, looking really damn hot. He grinned at me and gestured for me to come in. Unsure and with my head down I walked into the massive house with a big yard. I turned around and he stood there staring at me biting his lip. I awkwardly coughed and got his attention back. He started walking away and I instantly followed him. Seems like he doesn't want to talk to me.

 We went upstairs to his room and he turned around and looked at me with a slight smirk on his face. God I want to kiss his lips so badly. He stepped closer and closer until I could feels his hot breath on my lips. He licked his lips and leaned in only to brush his lips against mine. A soft whimper escaped my mouth and his smirk grew bigger . And then it happened, the moment I’ve wanted so bad since the first time I saw him. He kissed me. But rough, I could tell that this kiss wasn’t all tonight. I kissed him back and he grinned. He grabbed my ass and lifted me up and threw me on the bed. His green eyes became a dark color and were full of lust. He climbed on top of me and started sucking my neck. I moaned at the contact of his wet tongue on my hot skin. He made sure to leave some marks and started opening up my jeans. Once they landed somewhere in the room, I took off his shirt and was stunned by his abs. I took off his jeans and could feel his erection against  my thigh and it only made me grow harder. He wanted to take off my shirt but I stopped him. He looked at me questionable. „ I’m not as fit and hot as you are and there’s some things you shouldn’t see.“ I didn’t want him to see my scars I got from the beating up from my bullies. He softly kissed my lips and said „Trust me“ and with that he took off my shirt. He looked at all my scars and kissed them. „ You’re absolutely beautiful, don’t you dare to think otherwise.“ He made me blush and kissed me again. He took off my boxers and his and I couldn’t help but stare at his big dick. He started stroking me and I just couldn’t keep in the moans. Suddenly he got up to get something. My eyes went wide, he came back with lube, a vibrator, a cockring and handcuffs. He started handcuffing me to the bed and got on top of me again to put a cockring on me. „I want you to call me daddy and if you break the rule I will punish you.“ I swallowed hard and all I could do was nod. He started slicking up his fingers with lube and slowly shoved his index finger into me. It hurt because I haven’t had sex in ages. He seemed to notice and immediatly started  to kiss me and told me to relax. He added two more fingers and the pain turned into pleasure and soon I was a moaning mess beneath him. I whimpered when he pulled out but then he shoved the vibrator into me and I screamed „Daddy“. He worked the toy fast and I almost couldn’t take it anymore but then he said „ The toy is  only on phase 3 darling, it can make you feel even better.“ And he put it on phase 8. I almost freaked out because I thought my dick might explode if he wouldn’t let me come. I kept moaning „Daddy“ and „ Please let me come“ but it didn’t help. He took out the vibrator and made me whimper.

Harry’s POV:

The boy beneath me was absolutely beautiful. His moans made my mind feel dizzy because I’m the cause of them. I just can’t wait to finally be inside him