are on him, the three others, picking him up and turning him over, stroking over his skin, keeping him pinned. The carpet smells like cigarette smoke.

Swan kneels behind him, too close, his knee nearly brushing the curve of Skov’s ass, pressing his thighs apart. He wrenches Skov’s arms back and Skov can’t help the way he grinds down, desperate. The handcuffs are cold and they sting a little. Swan pulls at the chain, making sure they’re steady, and Skov can hear his own pulse.

“Fucking nice,” says Jiang, as Swan sits back. Skov tests the cuffs himself, making as though to roll away. Swan stops him. “You should write your initials in.”

“Fuck,” says Skov, body jerking. Kavinsky puts a hand over his mouth, hushing him.

“Ours too,” says Prokopenko. “Collaborative work, yeah?” Jiang laughs.

Swan strokes his shoulders, too light, and Skov goes rigid. He can barely breathe. Swan traces over his skin, and Skov knows he’s picturing how his initials would look, red and raw and bloody.  

“Maybe next time,” Swan says, and the others groan.

“Killjoy,” says Kavinsky.

“You should hit him, then,” says Jiang, undeterred. “He likes that.”

“Yeah?” Like he doesn't know.

Kavinsky pulls his hand away; Skov tries to bite as he does so, but misses. He feels less like a boy and more like a wild animal the more they touch him.

Skov hears the telltale sound of a belt being unbuckled and twists to watch Swan pull his off. He meets Skov’s gaze and folds the belt once, so the plain leather side is facing outward. He leans forward, puts a hand on Swan’s thigh to keep him still. Skov is shaking.

Swan strikes him once, hard, across his ass.

“Fuck--” Skov’s hips jerk, and he groans low. The others laugh and jeer; Swan hits him again, and the leather bites him even through the jeans. Again. Again. Skov tries to bury his burning face in the carpet. Again. He can hear Swan’s heavy breathing, closer than Jiang’s catcalls and Proko’s laughter and Kavinsky sly, cruel jibes. Again. It stings hot and he can feel the bruise already forming, can feel his cock twitching and dripping in his jeans.

“Christ, he’s fucking melting.” Again.

“I bet he’s wet as a fucking girl, and you haven’t even touched him.” Again.

“Pull his jeans down, I wanna see if he’s bleeding.”

Swan pulls his jeans down. Jiang whistles.

“Dirty,” Proko comments. Skov’s face burns; he hadn’t bothered with underwear.

“Don’t,” he mumbles, mostly into the carpet.

“Here,” says Kavinsky. He tosses something to Swan. “Just for you.”

There’s the sound of a cap being popped open, and cold fingers on Skov’s skin.

Swan works him open and it burns, more than usual, something to do with the lube. Skov squirms and presses back against Swan’s elegant fingers.

“Yeah,” says Jiang, voice rough now. “Pull his hair man.” Swan does, pulling back until Skov’s back curves painfully. There’s the sound of a phone camera. Skov shakes.

Then Swan pulls away, and there’s the sound of a zipper.

His cock is thick and it hurts when he presses in, still pulling Skov by the hair. Skov gasps, tears of pain beading at the corners of his eyes.

“Fuck,” groans Prokopenko. Swan slams into him hard, skin slapping against his already bruised ass. Skov clenches around him, panting, his throat exposed to the room at large.  

“His  mouth ,” says Jiang, half a moan.

"He's tight," says Swan, low and rough. "Tense as hell. Shit, Skov, don't you ever relax?"

"Fuck," Jiang echos, with feeling.

Swan starts to fuck him, slow but hard, grinding against all the right places, and Skov is squirming against him, pathetically desperate for anything Swan gives him. He feels like he’s being burned alive, heat pulsing through his skin until he wonders if he’s going to turn to ash.

"Nice," says Kavinsky, pulling Skov's hair until his cheek is pressed to Kavinsky's thigh. Skov can feel his dick through his jeans, and mouths at it.

"There you go," says Swan, with a particularly brutal thrust of his hips. Skov groans, and feels Kavinsky's dick twitch.

"Fuck his mouth, or let me," says Prokopenko.

"Fuck off, you'll get your turn," says Kavinsky, as he unzips his jeans. Skov moans at that, can’t help it, voice shaky and high.

"Don't bite," growls Swan, snapping