you it’s cursed.

 

“That’s the forty-ninth time this year a car’s crashed into that tree!” the boy went on, caught up in his tale and Light listened with interest. “With no survivors!”

 

The little gang looked as one at the tree, who (which?) was, Light realised with a preen of satisfaction, quite a magnificent Japanese oak.

 

“What happens if one of us touches it?” whispered a girl, staring at the tree in awed reverence.

 

Fear? They feared him? That could be used to his advantage, to gain some control over the situation!

 

Light concentrated on his leaves and tried for a menacing rustle.

 

The snot-faced little boy that had been approaching him with its sticky fingers cringed and skittered back to his friends.

 

“You get bad luck,” said the first boy with conviction. “Lots of it. I touched it and got extra maths homework for a week.”

 

“Our PE teacher made us all play tennis until we fainted when I touched it,” said a girl fervently.

 

Light rustled his leaves again. The children took a step back, and it was then that something happened.

 

A strange figure appeared behind the children, tall, hazy like a desert mirage.

 

Where the light struck it rippled and shifted, as if the light was uncertain as to whether it ought to be reflecting off anything at all. To Light’s unease, the children didn’t seem to realise it was there at all, and it didn’t seem the kind of thing that rustling his leaves menacingly at would help with.

 

“Who wants ice lollies?” said the first boy suddenly,and before Light knew it, the gang of children were chattering and moving away from him and the crashed car - the cursed, and now quietly anxious, tree forgotten in their excitement for ice lollies.

 

Light was now alone with the figure that wasn’t there.

 

It wasn’t there and yet he could feel its gaze on him.

 

He could see the line of its hood and the drape of its robes.

 

He could hear the silken hiss of a summer breeze being cut in two like hair.

 

He could see a thin line of darkness when the bending light split against the edge of a very sharp axe.

 

And it glided towards him across the road with its axe in hand.

 

“Are you awake?”

 

It spoke in a voice of silences, the gaps between the words.

 


Did it expect him to reply?



 


“Yes, yes,” it said, the distant noise of traffic parting around its words, “I quite understand your situation. That’ll do though.”

 


Was it worth asking what it was or would showing his ignorance put him at a disadvantage?


 

“Neither, I’m afraid.”

 


Damn it.


 

“Forty nine times,” it said, and hands that weren’t there caressed a curved axe blade that wasn’t there either. “It happened rather sooner than we expected, but you are clearly a very precocious individual.”

 

What did it want with him? Why was Light feeling so suddenly cold despite the summer sun on his leaves and trunk?

 

“Come now, you’re an intelligent young tree with the poisonous cursed spirit of a mass murderer that nobody would miss at the core. I am here with an axe. What do you think I am here for?”

 

But Light had only just woken up. Light could barely remember his own name. Light could barely remember the names of his feelings or the feeling of being human. His memories from his other life were only just surfacing.

 

“You’d be miserable with those back, I assure you. Well, there comes a time for all souls sooner or later.” A car drove past them, an old song blaring from its windows - Yesterday, the Beatles- and spinning dust off its wheels. Dust didn’t bend around the figure like the light did. It swirled straight through it as it hefted the axe to its shoulders.

 

“I go by three names,” it said. “By day I am the Feller. By noon I am the Pulper, and by night, I am the Bookmaker.”

 

The Bookmaker. Something about that chimed with the still hidden pieces of Light’s mind, with something woven through his memories like a thorny vine or the links of a chain.

 

“There is no heaven or hell.”

 

As Light tried to work out what it was he was missing, the Bookmaker, or perhaps Feller, since it was still daylight, drew closer. Summer, space and time flowed around it.

 

“There is only nothing. Everything came from nothing and to nothing everything returns, unless it becomes something else.

 

"To become something eternal is to become something static and unchanging. It is the same as becoming nothing without the relief of non-existence. You will feel your own oblivion.”

 


Wait…


 

The figure patted his trunk and the space in the air shifted, as if a hand had stroked a shape into the fabric of reality into the folds of a smile.

 

“You developed quite nicely,” the Bookmaker told him, sounding