they were absolutely breathless, they parted lips and rested their foreheads together.
The sounds of their heavy breathing filled the room as they both searched for the perfect thing to say. Nothing came, and instead Zayn just chuckled. 

"Do you want me half as much as I want you, Harry?"

Harry nodded his head with a big cheeky grin growing on his features. "Yeah, I do."

"Ok, then." With an inhale, Zayn pulled the bigger boy into his lap and barely moments later they were kissing again.

Harry grinded himself against Zayn's bulge and felt him straining against the fabric of his jeans.

Harry pulled Zayn's shirt over his head and began working on the button of Zayn's black jeans. The older boy could never be bothered with a belt except for special occasions, and for that Harry couldn't have been more grateful. 

Harry pulled himself away from Zayn's mouth and slid off of his lap. Hastily, he pulled on the thick fabric, essentially bringing down both Zayn's jeans and underwear at the same time. He was shocked by the sight of Zayn's erect member. Of course he always had an idea of how big Zayn was in those tiny slip ups in which Harry would catch a glimpse of him naked, but he had never imagined Zayn this big up close.

Harry reveled in the sight of Zayn reaching down to touch himself. Zayn's hand moved up and down on his own shaft, just inches from Harry's face. Zayn's finger beckoned Harry's mouth closer to him. The younger boy drew his mouth closer until he decided he would take over. Gently, he shoo-ed Zayn's hand away and licked the very tip of his erection. He could feel Zayn's member pulsing hard for him and he was more than elated to have made Zayn so excited.

"Harry, stop fucking around." Zayn breathed out from above him. Harry snapped out of his elation and enveloped Zayn into his mouth.

Zayn groaned out and immediately reached down to tangle his fingers in Harry's long, brown locks. "Look up at me."

Obediently, Harry focused his green pupils onto Zayn's hazel ones as he bobbed his head up and down his shaft. "Oh, fuck. Your mouth feels so fucking good."

Zayn was finding a high in Harry's hot mouth and green eyes but couldn't find his climax. Desperately, he grabbed Harry by the bottom of his chin and the top of his head and plunged as far as he could into the younger boy's mouth.

Harry gagged and choked for air but he loved every moment of Zayn using him for pleasure. Not that he could think of very much else, for his mind was still very hazy. Zayn groaned out time and time again, Harry's throat providing an endless stream of pleasure for him. Every now and again he would have to remove himself from Harry's throat to allow him air, but he barely minded. 

"Harry, I'm close."

Harry moaned along with Zayn. He got off on Zayn's desperate need for him and even though Zayn basically had his hand wrapped around his throat, Harry still liked to believe that he had the upper hand. 

Zayn's orgasm was accompanied by a string of profanities and cries. Harry admired the contusions of expressions that possessed Zayn's features as he came. They made him look almost vulnerable but Harry knew better. 

When Zayn was finished, Harry obediently swallowed and stood up. 

Immediately, Zayn began to work impatiently at Harry's belt. "Shit," he cursed when he finally got it open. With a tender tug, Harry's tight jeans were at his ankles and he stepped out of them. 

Zayn was faced with the task of pleasuring Harry. One of which he was all too compliant with. 

"Do you want my mouth?" Zayn asked, wetting his lips and pulling downward on the boxers. He nipped at Harry's thighs and kissed at his hipbones, as he waited for Harry to find the words seemingly trapped in his throat.

"Please." Harry begged breathlessly. As he stared down at Zayn he thought he could hear his heart beating right behind his ear drums. He could feel heat rushing to his face as well as his member and he blew a soft stream of air through his parted lips.

Zayn took the younger boy into his hand and pumped slowly, watching as he began to bead sweat. Harry was hungry for Zayn's wet mouth on him. He craved Zayn in the worst way. He would do anything for him and Zayn knew it. This fueled Zayn in his slow actions, knowingly torturing the boy

He wanted to hear Harry say it; say that he wanted him. "Beg for it." He said, biting his lips.

At first, instinct put Harry at odds with begging. He was used to being the one begged for but at this moment he realized, this was Zayn. He had wanted him as much as the people who begged wanted him. And so