Troll Mark Ruffalo, but it’s hard and your attention keeps shifting.

“Hey, KK,” you look down halfway through, to ask about a plot point because hey this is kind of interesting to find he’s fallen asleep. You go all warm, looking down at him, then go back to watching the movie. Since he’s asleep, you figure, it can’t hurt if maybe your hand covers his, spread over his chest. You don’t wake him by trying to get him into his respite block, partly out of selfishness and partly out of pity for him. It’s obvious he’s tired, and honestly you’re not that awake yourself.

Toward the end, about when both trolls leap from the building after flipping quadrants twice (you see why this is one of Karkat’s favourites) you find yourself growing tired. The movie ends and you use your psionics to turn the screen off, before settling back. You fall asleep to the sound of Karkat quietly breathing.

You have nightmares, of course, you’re not in sopor what did you expect, but they’re not so bad. After a while they fade into something much softer, full of pale grey skin and soft scars and vibrant, bright red eyes.

You wake up first. Sometime while you were sleeping, Karkat shifted and so did you. Your arm is still draped over him, your hands linked together, and his ass is pressed against your pelvis. You go a ghastly mustard yellow when you realize this and try to roll away, but Karkat’s hand tightens when you try.

“Mmh,” he rolls over toward you, tangling your leg and pressing his forehead into your chest. He’s obviously still asleep, but your heartbeat picks up.

“KK,” you whisper. He makes groans. “KK, let go of my hand.” The hand around yours tightens once, then releases your hand. You sigh in relief, but then Karkat wriggles loser and loops an arm around your side, pressing his hips against yours. You freeze.

“Warm…” he mumbles against your collarbone.

“KK,” you say again, and his eyes wrench open.

“Shit,” is all he says, scrambling away. “Fuck, Sollux, I’m sorry.”

You chuckle, relieved, “It’s cool, I always knew you were a cuddler.” His face turns a dark red and you laugh harder.

“…Fuck you,” he finally says, getting to his feet. “Fuck you twice over; I’m going to shower,” he turns his back on you and flounces off. Your smile disappears as you watch him go; he still has a completely fantastic ass. You lay back and try not to think about it, or how warm he was, or how he felt pressed against you while you wait for the water to start. You wait, and you wait, and finally you get up and head to the door of the ablution block. You listen and hear the sound of heavy breathing.

“KK?” you say, knocking on the door. For a second there’s no sound at all.

“What the fuck, Sollux,” Karkat’s voice is slightly off, and you frown.

“You okay? I thought you were going to shower.”

“I am, jegus, can’t a guy take his fucking time?” His voice is a little higher than normal, and after the night you just had you’re worried. The water starts immediately but you’re not fooled.

“What’s wrong?” You ask.

“Nothing,” Karkat all but shouts. “Fuck off!”

“I’m coming in,” you say before you can think better of it. The door’s locked but your psionics unlock it at the same moment you twist the handle and open the door. Karkat screams something incomprehensible and you slam it again immediately, face burning.

“I’m sorry,” you shout at the wood, eyes screwed shut and impossibly turned on.

“I am going to kill you,” Karkat says, his voice up an octave.

“I am beyond sorry, KK, shit, I am the sorriest piece of ass in existence, I bleed apologies,” you babble, unable to get the image of Karkat with his bulge twisted around his hand out of your head.

Karkat doesn’t say anything more so you wander away, fighting the need to shove your hand down your pants and relieve the tension. Instead you sit at the dinner table and will yourself to stop thinking. You wish you’d brought your husktop with you, so maybe you could bury yourself in codes or talk to AA. She’d probably know what to do.

You sit at the table and try to focus on AA and possible advice she would give you. Nothing helpful comes up, because you are not going to kiss him and you are not going to go back to his ablution block and help him out. You wait for him to come out, and just as an hour’s gone by and