keepers cleaning up their markets.

It was an unlikely thought, his brother's innocence, but Sasuke supposed it could be welcomed.

He had nothing else to hold onto, after all. 

 

Sasuke stared at the stove in front of him, peering up at the little knobs and burners with a small amount of sadness.  This stove was where his mother would stand and cook. This kitchen was her place.

A small part of him was waiting for his mother to come into the kitchen and tell him to leave, that he could get hurt in here. He stared at the walkway for a few minutes just waiting for his mother to come with her sweet smile and pleasantries but when only a few minutes turned into ten and ten into half an hour, he turned away.

His mother is dead.

Sasuke didn't know if it was entirely normal to forget about the deaths of the members of his clan, of his family, for random bouts of time whenever a particular thought came to mind. He didn't know if it was even okay or if he himself was okay anymore. 

Was it even okay for him to not be okay? Was it? 

It's not like he saw any therapist for any of the trauma he dealt with that night and continued to deal with- the Uchiha were a rather private clan and he did want to continue practising their rules and traditions.


(Sasuke remembers the 
Hokage
 trying to get him to go see a 
Yamanaka
 for therapy. He recalls staring at the 
Yamanaka
 and remembering this man to be one of his brother's comrades, at one point. Sasuke shoved the man quite hard before walking off with a detached grace that told his 
Hokage
 and the 
Yamanaka
 just how willing he was to ever show up to some meeting regarding his feelings.)


Sasuke doesn't know how to cook and he can barely even reach the stove while standing on the small chair- his father would scowl at that act, certainly- but he's hungry and there's not much in the fridge that can be made without the use of the stove.

Or maybe there is and he just doesn't know how to prepare it.

Sighing, Sasuke fiddles with the dials on the stove, biting his lip to prevent a small choking sound from leaving his throat when a small flame catches his pale wrist in the crossfire.

oooOooo

It's his eighth birthday, ironically, when he notices them. His father stands in a way he never did in any of the times Sasuke can remember seeing the man. His father looks happy, slouching slightly with his arm over his mother's slim shoulder.

His father isn't smiling but he seems so peaceful that Sasuke is almost certain he's actually there with him. He can feel his mother's smile as she whispers something- he doesn't know what- before clapping her hands together. 

Sasuke is almost too distracted by his parents that he almost misses it: his brother.

Itachi is no longer standing anywhere near his parents, already pacing around and fiddling with a blunt kunai but then he turns around to face him and Itachi is smiling, walking over to him with his arms stretched out as if asking for a hug and-

"Sasuke-kun, are you okay?"

His family is quick to fade away and Sasuke wants to cry when he turns to his pink haired classmate.

"Hn," Sasuke replies because really, what else is there to say?

Over the years, Sasuke notices three things:

One; his family- these pale reflections of them- speak but their words always fall deaf on his ears. He can't read their lips or hear their voice. He can see them, though, and that's enough. That's good.

Two; begging them to stay never works. They always leave. This time Itachi isn't the only one poking his forehead in a goodbye. Sasuke wonders if that's an Uchiha thing he only ever noticed Itachi doing in life. 

Three; his family aren't the only Uchiha to stay. The other's are there too. They roam the streets and visit their homes. They smile and wave at Sasuke as he trains. It's nice and maybe a little fighting.


(Sasuke pretends he doesn't cry everytime he sees them.)



(why do they always leave? He 
doen't
 want to say goodbye.)




When Sasuke is twelve, he starts questioning his sanity. Really, he could have started this process long ago but there were other things, more important things to deal with.

It isn't often that Sasuke has time to actually be alone since his family- his ghosts- usually accompany him everywhere and his peers are always watching, always judging, always there but now-

Now it is only him and his two teammates waiting for their sensei. It has been hours now and his blond teammate, the Uzumaki, is apparently bored enough to set a trap for a jonin. 

Sasuke blinks and says dobe in passing but that is all he does, all he pays any attention to until his sensei finally shows up before poofing away after