amidst the vacuum of space was a mystery.  

He squirmed futilely as Jane’s breasts pressed into the sheer fabric of their god hoodies.  The combination of asphyxiation, erotic display and intimate touching was starting to get to him as his dick vigorously leaked pre.  It wouldn’t take Jane long to notice however, her mind altered with computer like precision and perception.  Leaving his arms pinned between them she used the other to wrap hard around his dick gripping it harshly, painfully.  The voice in her head screamed CEASE REPRODUCTION.  

And with that she was bending him over.  Engaging in the most non-reproductive activity possible, punishing him and his generations for all eternity.  *WHACK* The sound rang out in the vacuum of space as Jane, one hand pinning his arms to his back, the other held firmly to the speedo’d boys back side.  Jake whimpered as the hand was drawn back and delivered once more.  “.” Wordlessly obeying the words in her head, delivering another hard blow, this time a *THWAK* instead.  Helplessly he lay there as tears welled up in his eyes, his derriere turning a brighter shade of pink with each blow…and his erection growing more and more auspicious.  

Had Jane still been capable of positive emotion she might have smiled at this next part.  In this case, her hand drifted “lower” smacking into the boys taught scrotum, making him yelp in pain.  Jane continued the assault, the imagined feeling of satisfaction growing with each strike as Jakes balls turned blue under her ministrations.  The dull throbbing ache, perpetual and never ceasing…it was almost enough to make him vomit.  

Still, he would hold onto his lunch.  Jane however was starting to have concerns.  His member remained strongly erect in spite of the punishment and her electronic eyes could clearly tell that his reproductive capabilities still functioned at full capacity.  Clearly, to remove the possibility of…reproduction, she would have to evacuate the as much of the material as possible.  

Gliding around his body, what once sought to punish him now gave him an unintentional reward.  Gripping him firmly, Jake moaned at Jane’s touch, uncomfortable in its tightness, yet stimulating his deepest urges nonetheless.  Stroking him, at once robotically, and inexperienced.  Every stroke sent a stinging through his pained testes and tooshi.  And all the while, the familiar pressure was building.  Tears in his eyes gasping, as he felt it get closer and closer.  Involuntarily his hips began moving, speeding him towards an all too abrupt and immature ejaculation.  

He could feel the mild high of an orgasm, begin to come over him, but it was soon washed away as he realized it.  Jane’s robotic grip ensorcelled him completely, making it impossible for him to ejaculate.  He would start wining as the realization that he couldn’t be fully satisfied like this came over him, only to be greeted by another *thwak* to his posterior and the uncomfortable tightness as his balls, now literally blue, were unable to release their load.  

To Jane however, this still would not do.  Her calculations showed that his lack of release would only increase his chances of reproduction in the future.  So many additional cells would ultimately increase the likelihood of insemination.  Still, if she let it out now he might be overcome with the desire to inseminate HER!  An involuntary shudder ran through the cyberneticlly possessed girls body.  Going against all her programming, the organic half of her was rebelling.  Her body…it NEEDED that seed.  Seed to create children.  Millions upon millions of beautiful children for their glorious empire!  No. No NO!  This would not do.  Her imperious condescension would never allow such a thing in her heiress.  She needed to be stronger…better.  She needed to ensure that even if he COULD impregnate her (the thought sending yet another unwanted shudder through her cybernetic being) that he would never willingly do so.  

Loosening her grip, on his manhood, Jake gasped in release as but a few drops of semen escaped the tip, the rest continued their purgatory, roiling in his sack.  With renewed vigor, Jane would redouble her assault, the strokes faster this time.  Occasionally she would stop and play with the head, sometimes pinching, sometimes rubbing as she played with his gasps and moans at alternating intervals.  His pre would come to coat her hand and act as lubricant for the debauched hand-job.  Jake could feel it yet again.  Another orgasm building on the horizon.  

His eyes half lidded, his heart rate high, and the endorphins awash in his brain, he would be brought out of his stupor by the feeling of a probe at his anus.  His eyes would widen as Jane dug the middle finger of her other hand into his rectum.  His cock would twitch violently at the sudden intrusion.  Almost going over the edge there.  Jane’s strokes on his cock would slow, but her finger wouldn’t stop, going faster and wriggling around in his anus.  He squirmed but with the cybernetic princess grasping onto the two most sensitive parts of his anatomy, he had no chance to escape.  

It was almost strange how well his ass