-comfort, and usually after a loud blast, or a scream; frantic eyes scanning the battlefield for any sign of blonde hair or golden glinting braids, terrified that the worst has happened, until heads or wings reach the eyes of each other alike.

The nightmares of Fareeha Amari’s irreversible death plagues Angela, but she knows full well that as long as she does her job, both Fareeha and Pharah would be fine under the warm glow of her caduceus.

Not to mention she knew how capable Fareeha Amari was, too – hell, she didn’t get to be the commander of an entire unit of soldiers without being seriously skilled at her profession. It warmed Angela’s heart, and Fareeha often told Angela how proud she was of her for being so talented in the medical fields in return, which felt like the greatest reward of all.  

The job has to come first. Humanity has to come first. Justice and Mercy go hand in hand for the better of the people; but Angela and Fareeha go hand in hand in adoration.

And god, Angela loved her. She loved her more than she could ever describe. Angela loved Fareeha more than any sensation of other happiness that rattled through her bones, and so much more than the planets and stars that rested so calmly above them.

Fareeha Amari, to Angela’s mind, was a gift from the universe that had landed right at her doorstep.

And so, deep out of the realm of Angela’s thoughts in this instance, they are both drinking celebratory coffee amidst the chatting customers. Wafts of the scent of cooked muffins and bagels reach their nostrils, along with idle chit-chat between barista and patron about the omnics mentioned in the papers from today.

Fareeha’s hand has been resting on Angela’s thigh this entire time, and in return, Angela’s hand warmly rests atop it. Nobody has questioned it. Nobody has even noticed it. But Angela and Fareeha’s fingers have been interlocked with one another’s for quite some time, huddled up close to each other in the seat, sipping at their caffeine as though it isn’t the happiest moment they’ve had all week.

Angela watches Fareeha as she talks.

She scans every flicker of her lover’s deep brown eyes, every motion of her lips as she speaks, every single curve and line that presses into Fareeha’s cheek from her reactions to the conversation she’s having with Zarya, and she feels the indescribable lump of emotion form in her throat of an overwhelming desire to just kiss her. Angela longs to kiss her jawline, to tell her just how beautiful she looks when she even speaks. She thinks to herself privately how it is a crime that Fareeha Amari might not know of her own resting beauty without ever even having to try.

Angela’s blue eyes smile along with her lips, and the first to notice her adoring look is Lucio from across the table, who, behind a hand that he is using to rub at his chin, smiles privately to himself whilst sipping at his drink.

“Do you want a refill, Fareeha?”

Fareeha moves her free hand dismissively, shaking her head.

“I’m alright, thanks.”

Angela thinks fondly of how, when Fareeha is asleep, and the dark of the night cups her handsome face, she can stroke her cheek gently, or draw lines against her collarbones softly with the tips of her fingers, tracing all of the scars and battled marks that litter her dark skin.

Angela is sure she has kissed every one of these by now, and she knew how Fareeha had done the same for her, for the few marks she held; the large, unflattering scars on her back, and the tiny ones that lingered on the tops of her thighs from stray bullets or bombs that gave off shrapnel. But Angela doesn’t mind them so much, anymore. It meant more of Pharah’s lingering kisses against her skin, after all.

“You okay?”

The familiar low register of her lover’s voice is a welcome comfort to her ears, as Mei and Zarya stand up to get a drink. Angela snaps out of her thought bubble, instantly enamoured even further from the sensation of feeling Fareeha’s breath softly grazing her cheeks, listening as she spoke so closely to her ear.

The best part, Angela thinks, is that she can smell her own perfume lingering on Fareeha’s neck.

She grins a contagious smile, prompting Fareeha to show her own combination of smiling eyes and lips, and she speaks with a delighted tone in her voice.

 “Never better, liebling.” she whispers in return, and Angela giggles giddily as Fareeha subtly kisses the lower half of her ear whilst their friends are distracted. Fareeha’s dark eyes glint warmly under the sombre lights of Kofi Aromo, and Angela strokes the top of her soft knuckles with her thumb.

“I’m always doing my best when I see you are doing fine.”

Fareeha smiles.

“Alright.” she mumbles with a happy tone. “But you’ve been awfully quiet, you know? Are you lost