we just invite him to live with us and have done with it?"



James liked this idea. "Yeah! I don't mind sharing with Al–Teddy could have my room!”



Harry shook his head. "No, you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolished." He looked down at his watch, "It's nearly eleven, you'd better get on board." 



Ginny walked over and hugged James, "Don't forget to give Neville our love!"



"Mum! I can't give a professor 

love

!" he retorted. 



"But you know Neville–"



James once again rolled his eyes at her, "Outside, yeah, but at school he's Professor Longbottom, isn't he? I can't walk into Herbology and give him 

love

.” He looked at his brother. “See you later, Al. Watch out for the thestrals." 



He smiled at Albus as he swung his leg out to kick him. James’s shoe successfully made contact with his shin. Albus didn't seem to notice. 



He looked at Albus and saw a look of pure terror on his face. "I thought they were invisible? You said they were invisible!"



He smiled mischievously before boarding the train. Fred, was waiting for him. He had obviously overheard what he had just said to Albus, because he was grinning ear to ear. "Couldn't have done it better myself," he said in approval as he grabbed his hand and pulled him into a bear hug. "You're getting better and better everyday, James."



"What's that supposed to mean? That I'm still learning?" James scoffed as he pulled away from his embrace and headed into the nearest compartment. Fred followed and held up various contraband that he had snuck onto the train. The items ranged from Portable Swamps to Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder. It was going to be a good year.



James took a Headless Hat from him and sat down on one of the seats in the compartment. Fred began searching through a black bag. It was obvious that he was looking for something, but James had no idea what it was. Suddenly he pulled out some Stink Pellets. He held them up as if he had just won the Triwizard Tournament. James couldn't help but smile at him.



A loud noise made them both jump out of their seats. He looked at the floor, where the sound had come from and couldn't believe what he saw. "You told your mum and mine that you weren't, under any circumstances, going to sneak one of these onto the train, let alone the school!" James cried out when he saw the circular tube that was clearly labeled "Dr. Filibuster's Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks."



"You really need to learn to lighten up about a lot of things, James." He shook his head at him. “Has anything I taught you sunk into that small skull of yours?"



Fred grinned jokingly, and James relaxed. "I suppose you're right. And these fireworks will let us have all the more pranks to irritate the professors, Mr. Crubbs and Mr. Filch."



"Exactly!"



“Fred? Did you maybe see where I put my–” Roxanne asked as she stormed into the compartment, her dark brown hair pulled in a high ponytail. The light dancing on her face lit it up, showing her natural, bronze highlights more than usual. The expression that was plastered on her face was priceless.



“Hello to you too, Roxanne,” James said, grinning from ear to ear.



The eyes of Fred’s twin sister were stuck on a small, deep, purple pouch, the one James was hundred percent sure that she’d recognize as Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder. Helping her Dad at the shop all summer long, it was guaranteed that she could spot that kind of thing from miles away.



“I have some spares for you too, sis,” Fred said, his expression reminding James of the Cornwall Pixies they had to immobilize last year in their final DADA exams.



“I don’t want any of that!” She exclaimed, her green eyes still huge. “How did you 

manage

 to sneak all that in here?”



“Jeesh! Roxie, you sound like Aunt Hermione!” Fred mocked. “Chillax!”



Fred’s mischievous Cornwall Pixie grin was mirrored on his twin. “

Seriously 

now… 

How

 did you do that?”



James rolled his eyes. 

I should have known! 

He thought to himself

. These two were so different with each other, Roxanne being more quiet and calculating, Fred acting more on impulse and thoughtlessly getting us constantly in trouble, but deep inside, those two were two sides of the same coin. Together, they were a force to be reckoned with…




“Well…” Fred started mysteriously, having that old wise master look on his face as he interwove his fingers and crossed his knees, placing his hands on top of them. “It 

wasn’t 

easy…”



Roxanne’s attention was fully turned to her