his face. He held the envelopes to his chest and salutes with two fingers to his forehead. “O-oh, yeah.. Of course, thank you!” With that, he chuckled and left.  

 

 

 

 

The stack was about twelve envelopes. They always came from the same anonymous sender. It seemed like some weird prank but somehow - in the midst of it’s weirdness, he sort of liked the letters. It was comforting to know that someone out there cared to send him things like these after all. It was very informative and helping for him as he never knew what he was doing or even who he was. Just all the perks of being a nineteen year old kid, that lived with his sister. He let his arms go limp for a moment - his sister...Shit. Mikasa Ackerman, his sister, must have known he was gone. He started to pick up his pace.

Just as he rounded the corner to the apartment, he felt a smack against his forehead and all the envelopes fell out of his grasp and onto the ground. “Hey - what the fuck!” Eren yelled. The person must have been close to the same height as he was. The other who had ran into him was laughing. Wait a minute, the laughing had a strong familiarity. Looking up at the face to match the voice, he relaxed a bit. 

jean Kirschtein leaned down to his eye level, “You’ve always been a damn klutz, Jaeger.” Yep, he was still the same asshole. Nothing changed of course, after all it had only been a technical day. But this asshole, happened to be his boyfriend. Surprise!  

“You’re a dick...” Eren mumbled and started to scramble all the letters together. The other male, snatched a letter out of his grip without even asking for it. “Hey!” 

“Really? You’re still getting these weird-ass secret love letters?” Jean raised an eyebrow and threw it back onto the pile Eren was carrying. “Can’t the Post Office track where the person is sending them from? Or - like, wouldn’t the person leave a return postage stamp and message, so at least I can tell them to bug off.” 

“They’re not.. love letters...” He scoffed.

While Jean was rambling about the anonymous sender, Eren was looking off towards another direction. Something else had caught his attention. A figure, that was a definitely a person, on the opposite side of the street was leaning up against the railing of his own apartment building with a white umbrella shielding over their face and identity. It must have been mid-day, sure the sun was out and but was there really a need for an umbrella? Another oddity of the day.

It almost seemed, as soon as he had noticed the individual, that the person got up and walked off. That was definitely odd. What was someone like that doing at his apartment? Curiosity always killed the cat. He’d never seen that person before. At least not a person with a white umbrella in the middle of winter. “Helloooo?” Eren was still in a trance but his attention was snapped to as he heard Jean calling out to him, “What? Oh.. sorry.. I uh- zoned out a bit..” 

“Obviously..” Jean stared at Eren for a minute. That was an awkward moment. The other didn't even let Eren speak yet as he leaned down pressing his lips against the others. The tension released out of boys body for a split second. That was what he needed, to get his attention back. Jean sure knew how to be an asshole by nature but he still had is clever habits. Eren sighed contently before he moved away from Jean, breaking the kiss. 

“I really need to get back home,” He mumbled and glanced to the side where his residence was across the street. Eren didn’t want to really leave the two-tone haired boy that was his, but he was actually just very wary about public affection. Really, he hadn’t known how to be affectionate too much. Also, the person was still on his mind and he wanted to know if Mikasa at least knew them. 

“Right, right..” Jean nodded and waved his hand dismissively, “I’ll see you later tonight?”

It took Eren a moment to respond but he nodded and leaned forward to what Jean thought was going to be a kiss. He went to lean into it but instead Eren wrapped him in a quick hug and left. “Tch..” The older male shook his head in disapointment and walked off. 

 

 

 

 

Eren crossed the street, slowly realizing that he was a bit light headed afterall. He glanced down the street again and fumbled for the key - but the key wasn’t in his pockets. There went more money down the drain to get a replacement for the spare. Instead he dialed to the apartment, hoping that Mikasa was home to answer. 

She picked up with a rather hesitated voice that made him worried and his heart started beating faster. “Mikasa!” He called