argument he hadn’t contacted Haruka at all, scared and hurt. He had moped around in Haruka’s empty house for the past few days, mourning and waiting for his best friend’s return.

As the silence drags on, Makoto becomes more fidgety and he almost opens his mouth to say something completely stupid when Haruka turns his head towards him. His blue eyes stay hidden behind his bangs and his mouth is open slightly.

“Ha – ”

“Makoto.”

Haruka withdraws a little, grip loosening on Makoto’s hand, and the brunet can’t help but feel nervous. Haruka’s mouth feels drier than ever, and he’d bolt right out the front door if not for Makoto’s tight hold on his hand. So he settles for staring at his knees and trying to form a coherent sentence in his head. It isn’t working.

"Haru?"

There’s that gentle, almost motherly tone of Makoto’s voice that reminds Haruka of a soft refreshing breeze yet the warmth of home at the same time. It’s comforting, it’s wonderful, and it’s something Haruka knows he wants to hear for the rest of his life. His chest feels a little tight and his stomach isn’t feeling much better, but Haruka can’t help but come to terms with how much he’s missed Makoto’s voice. Or just Makoto in general.

"What’s wrong, Haru?"

He swallows thickly, blocking Makoto’s view of his eyes which are probably a little damp by now and opens his mouth again.

"Makoto."

He’s trying so hard to convey his unspoken feelings towards Makoto (the familiarity that had built up over the years of being together that had resulted in conversations held with eyes instead of mouths and actions instead of words was now making things difficult; Haruka wanted to make sure his point got across to Makoto without any chance for misunderstanding) and yet his voice betrays him and shakes. Makoto continues waiting patiently. Like he’s always been with Haruka.

"I-" Haruka is trembling, but he can’t stop now so he takes another deep breath and continues.

"I’m sorry, Makoto."

It’s almost a whisper, but Makoto of course catches it and stares. Haruka, now that he’s said the most important thing, can’t seem to control himself anymore.

"I’m sorry Makoto. I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say those hurtful things. I’m sorry for shouting at you. I’m sorry for what I said."

Makoto just sits there, looking like he’s seen a ghost or maybe accidentally stepped on a cat’s tail. He’s dumbfounded.

"You’ve always been there for me. You’ve always supported me, helped me. You’ve never given up on me, even when everyone else had."

Haruka’s voice cracks a little.

"You’re my best friend. And I’ve been nothing but horrible to you. I’ve realised, Makoto. I’ve realised how terrible I’ve been to you."

His shoulders are shaking, and his eyes are a little more than damp by now.

"I’m glad that you’ve found a university in Tokyo."

Every part of Haruka screams as he says this. It’s not just his voice that’s breaking, but knowing that he’s been nothing but a burden to Makoto makes whatever he’s feeling right now mean nothing. Even though Haruka has realised his dream lies within his best friend, Makoto would probably be even more burdened if Haruka continued with him. When he moves to Tokyo, Makoto can finally be free.

Makoto doesn’t speak immediately. The silence between them drags out over seconds, minutes. The clock ticks mercilessly and Haruka begins to worry if he said something wrong.

But Makoto was still holding his hand, so it was okay, right?

"Haru…"

The green eyes that Haruka had always found dazzling, either mesmerising or too bright to look at, caress Haruka’s cheek, his jaw line, all the way down his side and then back up to where his eyes are. He can feel the intensity of Makoto’s gaze on him, and finds himself unable to look away any longer.

It’s the first time in a long time that their eyes meet again. That they’re actually looking at each other. Haruka feels a small lump in his throat. Makoto wants to reach out, move closer to Haru.

"Haru, I wanted to ask you this the other night."

The other night, Haruka thinks. Makoto must be talking about that night. When he had run away and cried himself to sleep. When he had nothing but Makoto Makoto Makoto in his head. What did Makoto have to say?

"I wanted to ask if you’d like to come with me."

Haruka almost falls forward. What?! Why did Makoto want him to come? Everything would be perfect for Makoto without