still reading, how are you liking it so far? 

The full text of Oranges and Lemons: 

"Oranges and lemons" say the bells of St. Clement's"You owe me five farthings" say the bells of St. Martin's"When will you pay me?" say the bells of Old Bailey"When I grow rich" say the bells of Shoreditch"When will that be?" say the bells of Stepney"I do not know" say the great bells of Bow"Here comes a candle to light you to bedHere comes a chopper to chop off your headChip chop chip chop - the last man's dead."


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

"John . . . John!" 

 

Sherlock came bursting through the doorway, his face alight with eager anticipation.

 

“We have to go to the Old Bailey,” John said, beating Sherlock to the punch.

 

Sherlock’s face fell, looking all the world like a little boy at Christmas who didn’t get the pirate hat he had so desperately wanted. John held in the laugh he felt forming in his belly because it was a precious sight, even if the boy in question was actually a thirty five year-old posh git with an ego the size of Europe and not an innocent child. 

 

“How did you know what I was going to say, John?”

 

“Simple. I’m a genius.”

 

Sherlock frowned. “John, I do not wish to insult your worldly experience and practical knowledge but--”

 

“I was in your head, Sherlock. That dream you had just now with Basil and floating above the bed and your voice being some kind of super sonic vibration instrument? I was there. In the dream. Fully lucid.”  John said all this as he rubbed at his temples and shifted into a seated position.

 

Sherlock’s eyes narrowed in fascination as he started to pace. “How is this possible?”

 

“I don’t know.” John assumed that the sudden and strange magic that seemed to permeate 221B may be responsible for the surreal experience, but he was hoping Sherlock would be able to shed some solid, factual light on the situation.

 

“You were there. When I spoke to you, I was actually speaking to you?” Sherlock asked.

 

He gaze was piercing as he turned towards John and prowled the tiny room like a caged tiger. He seemed worried, almost uncertain, which was rare and terrifying for Sherlock. The man never repeated himself, especially to reiterate statements that had already been clarified. John noted a slight pink tinge to the tops of Sherlock’s sharp cheekbones, and a flush spreading across the base of his neck. It was an observation that John did not want to ignore but one he wasn't ready to spend time on either. 

 

He nodded in answer to Sherlock's question. “Yes. I could . . . control you, in a way.”

 

Sherlock’s left eyebrow shot up past his hairline. “Fascinating. Yes, I remember that.”

 

John shook his head. “No, it was weird. And creepy. Basil twisted his wrist and you were suddenly arching back in pain. It wasn’t something I enjoyed seeing or doing.”

 

“Really, John? I thought you’d prefer to be in charge of the types of amorous proceedings that generally occur behind closed doors.”  

 

John gave Sherlock a look and Sherlock grinned at him.

 

“First,” John deliberately held up his middle finger, “the door was and still is open, and second,” he added his index finger while turning his palm inward, “shut up.”

 

“As if you'd actually want me to stop talking.”

 

John shook his head back and forth with a huff of laughter and Sherlock’s lip curled up in a half smile. To John's surprise, however, Sherlock did cease speaking, the room falling eerily quiet the next moment. Glancing up from his seated position, John saw the look of pure, single-minded concentration on Sherlock's face and knew that he'd gone off someplace deep inside his own mind. 

 

                                                                                                                           ----- 

 

 

An hour later found the men unmoved, which simply meant that nothing had been accomplished. Sherlock paced in silent thought while John remained seated on the floor, leaning his back against the old bed with his eyes closed. He absently rubbed at his bruised knee and contemplated texting the clinic to tell them that he'd not be making it in tomorrow. He was used to these periods of time where the air in the flat became charged with potential energy. It hung in heavy clouds, hesitating at the corners of the rooms, waiting for the spring inside Sherlock to snap. It was how the flat always felt when Sherlock sank down into himself, and John knew it could be hours, if not days before he resurfaced and the energy of the flat settled back into its normal calm.

 

The subtle humming vibrations were new to the equation, however, and John spent long minutes deciding if leaning into their sensation was a good thing or a dangerous one. He liked how it licked at the edges of his mind, willing