had to  ask  and he’d destroy every one of his suits and never turn back. However, Tony can’t pretend Pepper’s not smart enough to see right through that lie, they’d both know it the moment Tony spoke the words. It’s not that he wouldn’t, Pepper likely always knew he’d set off a damn  bomb  in his own lab if she asked him to, but it’s  because she very likely also knows destroying his suits would be like destroying a part of Tony, too.

He wishes it wasn’t true, and yet they both know it is.

Taking another pull of his whiskey the brunet sighs, “I gotta go, Pep...tinkerin’ around in the lab with my repulsors, might be onto somethin’.”

Tony ends the call before she can even wish him well or a goodbye, before he can make a fool of himself and apologize for tearing at her heart like he had - as if any apology could really make up for all of the pain he’d caused her. It’s only as he throws his Stark-Phone across the room and sways forward that Tony really notices how drunk he’s gotten, the room spins around him, his body feels light and yet his movements are heavy and uncoordinated. When had he drank so much? The brunet all but stumbles onto his living room couch, ungracefully falling onto his face and almost drops his bottle of ‘liquid courage’ - can it really be called that when it just makes you want to cry and confess truths you hide daily? Maybe that’s where the saying comes from;  a drunk person’s words are a sober person’s thoughts. 

Tony snorts at the conclusion, did he just make a discovery? Hey, wouldn’t be the first time.

The brunet swallows thickly, turning over and allows his head to fall back against the couch cushions. He’s on his back and a part of him knows he should turn onto his side because at any moment he could choke on his own vomit, but a larger part of Tony can’t bring himself to care. The brunet feels as if the world’s rushing to his head, and chuckles at the fact that Tony’s probably the heaviest drinker he knows, and yet still hasn’t been this drunk since his senior prom. He vaguely remembers hearing a muffled  thunk, can almost recall the way his stomach roiled against him, but Tony definitely doesn’t remembers closing his eyes.

“Tony, Tony wake up,” a voice urges, the brunet feels a warm pressure against the side of his face, and Tony leans into the warmth - unable to help himself. “C’mon Tony, you gotta get up.”

The brunet groans and wants nothing more than to relish in the gentle caress he feels stroking his cheekbone, but eventually does as he’s told; forcing tired eyes open, and - gracelessly - splutters at being met by oceanic blue-eyes framed by sinfully long lashes. Tony always claims to be a smart man, but his mind tells him  maybe you should rethink that statement the moment he surges forward, effectively all but smashing his head against Steve’s. The two reel back in pain, clutching their foreheads for dear life until the throbbing subsides - for Tony, it feels like a millennia until the jackhammering within his skull dissipates, and finally calms into his routine migraine that sits on his head like a crown he never fucking asked for.

“Who let you in?” Tony is the first to break the silence, squinting over at Steve before rubbing the remaining sleep and crust from his eyes.

“I did, Sir,” Jarvis chimes in helpfully, and for a moment Tony has the unexplainable want to dismantle his A.I. that is, until it registers that  Steve is still standing in his house - clearly stunned upon hearing the familiar voice.

‘ No...nonononono! No one was supposed to know!’ Tony’s mind screams, but before he can do any damage control Steve breathes out in surprise.

“Jarvis? Is that really you?”

“Hello Captain Rogers, it is indeed.”

The blond’s eyes go from the hidden camera on the corner ceiling and back down onto Tony, something within pools of blue the genius can’t comprehend. “But after Vision I thought…”

Tony knows exactly what he thought, what everyone thought; that Jarvis was no more, it was only Friday - or some other voice. However, Tony had never really expected his any of teammates to show up unexpectedly, and now he silently batters himself for not thinking up a protocol that would have kept  something  a secret - for once, kept something  his. 

“I’m working out some kinks with Friday’s programming,” the brunet blatantly lies, struggling to his feet, and trying not to dig himself further into the hole he’s currently in; Tony forces a lazy smile. “What are you doing here, Capsicle?”

For a moment the blond looks sheepish but sighs, hand running through his hair - like it’s a hardship