. “I’ll get this for her,” he said half to himself, “and I’ll give your words some thought,” he told Snow.

	“I’m sure whatever you decide on will be perfect. And Hook--” she stopped him as he turned away. “Emma’s working a bit late, but David and I are going out to dinner tonight and Henry will be with Regina—and personally I think he arranged it that way to let you and Emma have the opportunity for time together—anyway, if you come by the apartment at eight o’clock, she’ll be the only one home.”

	“Very well then.”

	Hook nodded went and paid for the card. At least trading paper for paper made some sense, he supposed.

	He paused on his way out the door. Snow was still browsing the Valentine’s Day aisle, the pink teddy bear tucked under her arm.

	“Snow White, thank you.”

	She looked up and smiled at him.

	“See you around, I’m sure.”

*~*~*

	A few minutes after eight o’clock, Killian Jones knocked on the door of Emma’s apartment with his hook. After a shout of “Just a minute!” it was indeed about a minute before the door opened, revealing Emma with her hair still slightly damp from a recent shower and wrapped in a bathrobe.

	“Hook,” she said, curiosity as to who could have been at the door transforming into surprise. Pleasant surprise, he noted. “What’s this?” she asked, noticing the flowers in his
hand.

	“I’m fairly certain both of our worlds have roses and it’s not a carry-over from the curse.” Hook raised an eyebrow and held them forward for her to take.

	Either the light was playing tricks on his eyes or a light blush colored Emma’s cheeks as she accepted them. “Yes I know what they are. They’re beautiful, thank you. I meant why are you here?”

	“I should think that would be obvious,” he replied, hurt coloring his tone.

	“I’m sorry, that’s not what I meant.” Emma bit her bottom lip, hesitant. “Would you like to come in?”

	Relief coursed through his veins like a summer breeze and an easy smile settled onto his lips. “Very much so.”

	Hook stepped over the threshold and looked around as Emma closed the door behind him. He could see the influences of all four of the apartment’s residents. Most of it smacked of Snow White, the original tenant, but there were also the video games lying in front of the television from Henry, a sword in its scabbard occupying the umbrella stand from the prince, and from Emma...

	“In Neverland you identified the coconut shell as a map of the stars.”

	Emma followed his gaze to the telescope sitting in the corner.

	“I’ve always enjoyed the night sky. It’s been kind of a constant in my life. Even when everything else is changing, it’s always there, you know?” she shrugged, meeting his eyes.

	“I do know,” Hook replied. “Out at sea when there’s nothing else, they’ll guide you home.”

	He had met her gaze with his own and Emma found herself able to hold it for mere seconds before she had to look away. Her eyes landed on the roses, still in her grip.

	“I’d better put these in some water,” Emma said, going to the kitchen for a vase and scissors.

	Hook followed her after a moment, sitting at the counter as she filled a large vase with a few inches of water. As he watched her it became obvious that she was avoiding looking at him. It was less conspicuous when she started cutting the rose stems, but it was clear nonetheless.

	“I hope I haven’t interrupted your evening’s plans,” Hook said, part statement and part inquiry into what the nightly life of Emma Swan might be like.

	“Not at all.”

	Hook smirked. “Not at all I haven’t interrupted anything or not at all you think I’m not sorry if I have?”

	That startled a short laugh out of Emma. “Both,” she said, daring to look up for a moment. She smiled before returning to trimming the roses and Hook counted it as a victory.

	“Don’t tell me that on this, the most important of holidays if werewolves are to be believed, Emma Swan intended to lounge about by herself in a dressing gown all night,” Hook said with mock horror.

	“Well it is what I’ve always done, assuming I didn’t have a date with someone trying to jump ship on repaying their bail bond.” She placed the last rose into the vase and arranged the flowers minimally. “Of course none of them ever made it as far as my apartment.”

	“Their misfortune is my delight.”

	Emma toyed with the soft material of her robe. “Would you mind waiting here while I change?”

	“If I must.” Emma shot