to end up.”

“Ah. You’re no fun.”

“Am I ever?”

He considered, then shrugged. “What if I tell you stories?”

“Stories, huh.”

“Yeah. How about that?”

Before Seung-Gil could open his mouth to say anything else, Phichit’s hand flew upwards and his index finger traced an askew line repeatedly. “See the constellation?”

“Um,” he muttered. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

“I figured. Come closer.” The next thing Seung-Gil knew was that there was an arm around his neck, forcefully pulling him closer to the man next to him, touching their cheeks and temples together. “Do you see it now?”

“I suppose,” wasn’t a complete lie. The arm that locked his neck loosened and now rested on his shoulder.

According to Phichit, the name of the constellation was something, and it was named after someone, and the full story behind it was – well, Seung-Gil won’t even try to recite it in his head. He attempted to listen at first, but then he found something else that he liked to do, apparently.

That is, observing people. However, on this particular condition, he decided to observe his boyfriend (there are no other people around and he was his most favourite person to observe).

It wasn’t his first time. He’s observed a lot of people, usually because of boredom or curiosity. Sometimes, people can get too boring for him to pay his attention to, but Phichit, Seung-Gil never got tired of staring at him and let his head over the clouds.

The first thing he had noticed when he met Phichit for the first time was that enthusiasm of his. He was clearly the complete opposite of the reserved, stoic and taciturn Seung-Gil – gleeful and friendly. He always seemed to be spreading a brilliant ambience that brightens up the mood. It was almost luminous that Seung-Gil thought he saw green and yellow orbs when he closed his eyes.

For all his life, he knew that if two people are the opposite of each other, it is near to impossible to be together. Even he remembered that Phichit had once told him an Egyptian mythology about two deities that could not be together, simply because one was the sky and the other was the earth.

That being said, he was surprised at himself when he realised the attraction he had for Phichit – but that was a hell long time ago.

“Seung-Gil? Are you listening?”

There goes his daydream (or rather, observation).

“I—uh,” he stammered. “No.”

Phichit pouted. “Why?”

“I was thinking.”

“About what?”

“You.”

There was a visible blush on his face. “I’d prefer you listen to me instead of—“

“Hey. Look at me for a while.”

So he did.

How the idea sparked inside Seung-Gil’s mind so immediately, so perfectly. He did not abandon his plan just yet.

Observing someone else, we all know, is not limited to their behaviours and personalities only.

“Seung-Gil? What’s wrong?”

“Don’t say anything.”

His fingers started from atop of Phichit’s head. His slender fingers were soft, just as soft as the locks they were intertwined with. He shifted closer, and he could smell the strong scent of apple.

The nights where he could nuzzle into the thick, brown hair and breathe in the sickly sweet apple shampoo were rare; that is why he tried to cherish every single second and commit them into memory. It made him feel safe. It made him feel at home.

Then he moved from the hair down to the eyes. It was such an ethereal movement that Phichit could barely feel anything. His eyelids drooped, then closed.

Don’t. I want to see them. I want to see your eyes.

Seung-Gil has always thought that Phichit’s eyes were beautiful. They weren’t colourful, but they sparked lively. They were dark brown, the same colour of morning coffee and they were warm, as if those eyes were a fireplace itself. And God how they looked ever so slightly chatoyant.

His fingers continued to slither, now across Phichit’s right cheek. It was so soft, like a baby’s. He wanted to kiss it desperately, but he was afraid that the act might break the spell that bound them at that very moment.

Phichit’s plump lips were even softer and more tempting. They were so gentle, no matter how many times Seung-Gil’s chapped ones had touched them. He rubbed his thumb across them, receiving a soft, sweet sigh.

Phichit’s eyes flushed open, looking at Seung-Gil in curiosity and affection.

Seung-Gil proceeded to end whatever he was doing – he wanted to sit up and get going because the itchiness on his skin was starting to bother him, but he decided that a little teasing wouldn’t hurt