smart enough to work out that some rare disease born from one sided love is what you’re experiencing. He hasn’t worked out that you’re a part of the Fourth Triad yet, so likelihood is he never will.

“I have a free house on Wednesday next week. I’d like it if you came over,” Baekhyun says to you. “Of course it’s up to you. But the of us haven’t spent any time alone. I think that I would like if we did.”

You and Baekhyun alone. What a thought to creep through your mind and destroy any innocence left lingering around you thoughts of him. You wonder if he has the same idea as you do. “Alone?”

“Just you and I.”

“And what will we be doing?”

Baekhyun clears his threat but does not change his emotion at all. “Do remember when I told you that we could benefit each other?”

“They didn’t have any Sangrino,” Chanyeol tells Baekhyun, slipping back into his seat between the two of you feigning ignorance to fact you two were talking. He hands Baekhyun a bottle and his gold card. “This is meant to be good too.”

Baekhyun furrows his brows as he looks at the bottle. “Maybe I should have gone for liquor. Would you like this?”

His question is directed at you but you’re stunned by how quickly he can change from Baekhyun to Byun Baekhyun. He holds the bottle out to you, and even if you didn’t want to take it, the submissive side of you grasps your fingers around the neck and pulls it to your chest.

“I was just telling (y/n) about your work,” Baekhyun states. He looks to Chanyeol with eyes dark as his hair and keeps his lips pursed. “I think it’s time you tell her the truth.”

Whatever they are speaking of, Chanyeol’s not very happy. He shakes his head and refuses to look at you. “What truth?”

“Chanyeol.”

Baekhyun’s voice is so commanding. You’ll be damned to not hear that again. All you could ask is that he says your name instead and has you buried beneath him as you slowly give into him. He’s got the control over people you wanted to have.

He’s what you want. To be, and to have.

“I don’t just work for a company,” Chanyeol tells you. He takes a deep breath and turns back to Baekhyun who looks disinterested now. “Have you heard of the group, Unnamed?”

He’s finally trusting you enough to tell you these things. It’s good really. But deep down in your heart you feel some sympathy for him; being played by his own sister.

“Are you about to tell me you’re a part of a gang, Park Chanyeol?”

Baekhyun interjects this time. He holds his hand up to stop the two of you. “Gang is subjective. We’re in control of many people and operate as more of a mafia type formulation. Don’t underrate us.”

“And you’re the leader?” You ask Baekhyun.

“No, Kyungsoo is.”

At least they’re not lying to you, that you know of now.

Chanyeol’s eyes look heavy and you can tell this was never his idea to start with. He must have been forced into this by Baekhyun, that was your only explanation for why he was so hesitant at first. You can see why, though. This isn’t a small detail he left out. He’s a leader of one of the most feared triads in Asia.

“Okay.”

“Okay?” Chanyeol repeats. “You don’t mind? You haven’t got anything to say?”

You shake your head. “Chanyeol, everyone always told you that you should have joined some kind of organisation because of your mind and body type. Remember the man who coached you boxing? He said you were fit to scare anyone.”

“I guess you’re right.”

“And, I didn’t exactly believe some guy scouted you on the streets to be part of a multinational company,” you insist. This is why you believed he was stupid yet again. Baekhyun was the only one who thought this through. “But I don’t care. Like I said before, you can do what you like.”

A part of you may have cared more than you made out, but you’re still transfixed by Baekhyun that it doesn’t quite enter your mind that Chanyeol’s still unsure of your position on his job. Baekhyun takes you to a completely different reality altogether.

There comes the feelings again. Except this time Chanyeol is around to see it, and he cares just as much as Baekhyun.

“Hey,” he rubs your back as more of the petals fall into your hands, chest sore from these things getting caught in different places. “Do you need some water?”

You shake your head, trying to act as though your hand isn’t full of the