Nathalie to tell her he wouldn't be coming home for lunch and instead had to deal with an emergency. She didn't sound 100% okay but nonetheless agreed to let him go. The trio then headed down to the bakery, entering the small main area. What sounds fell on their ears next would be listed as sounds they'd never want to hear again.

The main area was empty, along with the emptiness of the space behind the counters. However, they could hear faint yelling coming from the living area upstairs. It sounded like a bad argument. The yelling suddenly stopped and the next thing the trio knew, Marinette was bolting out the front door in a blur, tears streaming down her face, and her mother emerging from the back.

"Marinette, wait!" Sabine called, desperation clear in her tone. Her eyes then fell upon the three friends and gasped. "Oh no, what did you hear?"

Alya spoke first. "Mrs. Cheng, what's going on? Marinette has been out of it for at least two days and we came to find out why! Now what was that, what just happened?"

Sabine looked down with sadness. "Marinette hasn't been on the best terms with us lately. She seems very stressed out and we just wanted to help, but she kept lashing out as us, and… we may have lashed back."

Adrien and Nino didn't know what to say. Alya, however, did. "So you noticed it too, huh? I guess it was also my fault. I tried to help too, but she pushed me away every time. Maybe our nagging was just making it worse." She turned to Adrien and Nino. "You two can go. I know Marinette. She's impossible to find when she doesn't want to be. We'll have to talk to her after lunch. I'll stay here with her parents."

The boys nodded and left. But it didn't stop Adrien from worrying about Marinette. She was his friend too, despite the ever-present awkwardness whenever they got into a conversation. He hoped she would be okay.

***************

She didn't come back after lunch break. That knowledge sent a bolt of worry throughout Adrien's body. He exchanged glances with Nino and Alya, who shared his look of nervous panic.

Adrien had patrol with Ladybug later that day. Maybe he could visit Marinette after, just to see if she was alright.

****************

Chat jumped from rooftop to rooftop, wanting to get to his Lady as quick as possible. While he didn't get the joy of seeing Marinette's smiling face, perhaps Ladybug's could lift his spirits. But it was not to be. His hopes were quickly crushed when he caught sight of her. She was crying.

"My Lady? What's wrong?" Chat asked worriedly, quickly sitting beside her as she sobbed.

"I j-just... Chat, I know I can't possibly have the nerve to complain about my current relations with my parents compared to what you're going through, but..." She faltered.

Chat Noir was hit was a sudden deja vu. "You're... having bad relations with your parents? Just like Marinette.

She nodded miserably. "I've just been so stressed out lately, with this secret job, school, and that little jerk in my class who finds it funny to bully everyone. Bullying me is probably her favorite pass time. What's worse is my friends must know by now. They came over at lunch break and witnessed me fleeing in my tear-blinded glory. My mom must have told them everything..."

Chat was floored by all of her information. There was no way he could deny facts now, when it'd just been thrown at his face. Marinette was his Lady. The same blue eyes, the same hair, the voice, their strong personality... yet here she was, utterly defeated by life. 'Wait... bully? Chloe...'

He growled. "What's Chloe been telling you Marinette? I swear I will give her a piece of my mind for having a play in your-" he clamped his mouth shut too late.

Ladybug's eyes were as wide as saucers. "Wh...what? D-did you just call me Marinette?"

He smiled sadly at her. "I'm sorry, Bugaboo. You told me the exact same situation I found myself in this afternoon. My dear friend Marinette wasn't smiling and her best friend Alya was worried sick about her behavior. She asked Nino and I to help her find out what was wrong, so we went to your bakery and saw you running away."

Ladybug hiccuped, the dots not quite connected for her yet. "B-but... no one else was there except Alya, Nino, and-" She stopped dead. "A-adrien..."

He gave her a sheepish smile. "Hello, Marinette."

She launched herself backwards away from him, silently screaming. "You're Chat Noir