noises coming out of his mouth, but then the little blonde boy wrapped him in a huge hug, and Rei stood stiffly, utterly taken aback. But the boy held on, and Rei suddenly found himself so impossibly moved by the show of affection that he was able to recover his breathing, putting his head resignedly on the boys shoulder and consigning himself to a soft weeping.

‘You’re from the school up the road, right? Was it an exam? I just finished mine last week.’ Rei struggled for a second before heaving in a huge gasp of breath and breaking down completely on the boy.

‘Hey, hey now. Come in for a cup of tea.’

Rei tried to refuse but realised he couldn’t make words, so when the boy grabbed his hand and led him up the garden path (the same garden on which the wall had been subject to Rei’s breakdown), Rei found himself following.

Rei stood, dripping, in the boy’s kitchen. Normally he would never have allowed such a rude thing to happen, but right now he wasn’t feeling particularly normal, and having now recovered a slight bit of composure, he flushed.

‘I’m- I- I’m sorry ab- ab- out this!’ he mumbled, scrunching his fingers together and wishing he’d never come into the house. But the warmth of this house, the squealing of the kettle and the kindness of this boy - it did seem so much more appealing than his own cold, empty house.

‘Don’t you dare apologise. I’m glad you’re recovering a bit, though.’ The boy gave a huge, and seemingly genuinley warm smile. ‘Here -’ he shoved the biggest mug of tea Rei had ever seen into his hands - it was hot, and steaming, and felt good- and grabbing one himself, led Rei into the living room.

‘Here, sit down,’ said the boy, clearing a spot on the squashy looking sofa, after placing his teacup on the coffee table and curling up on one side before jumping up again. ‘Actually, you’re soaked!’ he giggled, ‘One sec!’

He vanished into a side door, and Rei stood there awkwardly, pressing the mug to his lips although he knew sensibly that it was still far too hot to drink. God, his eyes stung painfully. He wondered if this boy had heard him making those disgustingly loud whooping noises as he tried desperately to catch his breath. Probably, Rei. 

The boy skipped back into the room and threw a towel at Rei. ‘Here you go, you can dry your hair. I’m afraid I don’t have any clothes that would fit you, but you don’t know me anyway so...’ he smiled nervously. ‘Anyway, my name’s Nagisa.’

Rei realised he must be looking a little dumbstruck. He certainly felt it. ‘Rei Ryugazaki,’ he mumbled in reply, rubbing his hair with the towel and then wiping his arms as well, before placing the towel down on the sofa and sitting gently on it, next to where Nagisa had plonked himself, knees tucked up beneath him.

‘I got you a pair of socks, if you want. It’s no trouble for me, but I always find having wet feet is the absolute worst!’

Rei looked at the stripy rainbow socks that Nagisa was holding out to him, and then at Nagisa himself, smiling gently, blonde hair slightly damp and flopping down into his large, bright eyes.

Rei’s eyes must be so red, and shadowed. They still hurt. As did his head. ‘I mean, you don’t have to take them, I won’t be offended or anything! Just an offer!’ Nagisa was blushing.

‘Oh no, no,’ Rei let out a noise that was somewhere between a chuckle and a choke, ‘I’d like to have the dry socks.’

‘Good! I’ll put yours on the radiator. Oh! And your shoes too. So, when you go, might not be so bad, you know?’

‘Yeah. Th- Thank you very much, Nagisa.’

‘Well, you were in my garden! And I recognised your uniform, and wondered if you were the same age as me. My exams didn’t... They didn’t go so great, either.’

Rei was suddenly surprised that he wasn’t the only one in the world capable of messing up.

‘Oh.’

‘Yeah, so. I thought I could at least maybe offer you a cup of tea. I find a cup of tea to be an essential, when you’re sad. Fortifying, ya’know?’

Rei didn’t really drink tea, but when he lifted the mug and took a gulp, it did in a way seem to fill him with a warmth that had been very empty a minute before.

‘It - You’re right,’ he said, trying to keep his composure for this bizarre blonde boy. ‘It was a bad exam.