his worried face and her calm facade collapse she dropping the bags and leads she ran into his chest and started sobbing uncontrollable. 

She felt heself being ushered to the coach in the spacious living room. Feeling the warmth leave she looked up to see Seung bringing her bags and dogs in before she felt him pull her to his chest again. 

After about 20 minutes the tears started coming less and less till only the occasional sniffle could be heard. They continued to sit in silence with the occasional pitter patter of dog paws and barks as they played with Seung's husky Nana. Yuuri had never been so grateful for the quiet as she started to get her thought and emotions back together. 

She felt the arm around her give her a reassuring squeeze. ‘What would I do without you Seung’. He was her first friend when she started at Mariinsky Ballet when everything was scary and new. He was in the same boat has her, moving from a different country only he was on his own where she had Viktor when he wasn’t working. They banded together to explore the new world around them through dance and laughter, drinking ‘oh god lots of drinking’. Of course they added friends to their little duo over the years from the dance company. She smiled faintly at the thought of her friends, but it was quickly replaced with a frown. 

She let out a loud sign and moved from the protection of Seung Gil’s arm so she could look at him. She felt Fūjin lay his head on her lap in support feeling his masters distress while Raijin and Nana lay down at their feet. With a fortifying breath she screamed out “VIKTOR’S BEEN FUCKING YURI PLISETSKY!” 

She thought Seung Gil's shocked face would have been quiet funny if she wasn’t so angry, though it quickly turned into a fierce scowl. “That blonde little shit that’s always hanging off Viktor?” he asked incredulously. 

With a burst of rage she stood up and began to pace as she raved “YES! I watch the whole thing Seung! THE WHOLE THING! And do you know what they said after!” She had to pause for a moment to wipe angry tears away, “ they sniff they were talking about how they had been fucking behind by back for 6 MONTHS!”.

“What did you do, did you confront them?” 

“No when they went into the bathroom I packed what I could got the dogs and left they didn’t see me”

...”Oh”

 Yuuri flopped back down onto the couch she continued on bitterly “he said I was only amusement till Plisetsky had turn 18!” 

She was openly sobbing onto Seung gill's shoulder again “he was making fun of how everyone at the rinks knows they are having sex behind my back, and even some of our friends!” voice thick with tears. “You don’t think-

“No don’t even think that none our group would keep something like that from you” he said with conviction. She nodded along. ‘He was right they wouldn’t do that'.

She leant forward and berried her face into Fūjin fur “fuck I feel so humiliated and used”. Not knowing what to do Seung Gill awkwardly rub her back in what was suppose to be a soothing manner she felt like he was petting some kind of stray cat. The thought made her giggle a little bit.

As if sensing her thoughts he tugged on her pony tail playfully “come on let’s get drunk it'll help drown your sorrow and you can bitch a rave about Viktor as much as you want” he said with a sly smile. 

 

3 Hours Later

Giggling like a little school girl Yuuri poured another shot of Soju for them. Some how in their drunken state they had moved the couch cushions and blankets to the dancing space Seung had at the other end of the living room. Knocking back the shot she swayed slightly said with a slur to her words “did you know that he dyes his hair that grey colour” she could hear Seung’s snort of amusement “its true! Haha! I found the hair dye hidden behind the sink I asked him hehe and he completely denied it!” She looked down glumly at the bottle in her hand and took a swig “never did find it again should of swapped it for pink the dickhead” 

Seung Gill snorted with laughter and pulled her down into their drunken nest. Hugging the soju bottle to her chest she looked at Seung “what am I going to do I can’t deal with a breakup so close to the opening show”. She started getting tearful again so quickly took another swig out the bottle and past it to Seung. 

“You’ll stay with me stupid” Seung Gill replied sleepily. “Yeah ok” Yuuri muttered before passing out. 

“Ughhh” a tortured moan could be heard the next morning. Yuuri slowly opened her eyes but quickly decided against that when she was blinded by the light through the window.  Slowly she turned her face away from the light and opened her eyes again. Blinking a few time she was met with the adorable site of Seung cuddling with Nana ‘ damn that’s just