for just a moment.

Newt ground forwards against Hermann, the motion ungracefully desperate and needy, and Hermann gasped into his mouth and then rutted back against him once more before pulling back completely and staring at him.

Newt looked ravaged, plain and simple. His cock was hanging out of his pants and his shirt was severely disheveled. His tie had been cast off a while ago and was undoubtedly lying across the tile floor of the lab somewhere. Neither of them could care less.

Hermann also looked disheveled, his lips nearly sore and his hair completely mussed up. This did nothing to minimize the degree of professionalism in his voice when he instructed, "Turn around."

Newt's eyes lit up excitedly, and he did so, leaning over the desk and pulling his pants the rest of the way down until they hung around his ankles. He kept up the continuous stream of chatter; "You're going to take me on this desk, right? Right here, right? Shit, you never let us do it in here! You better not talk to me about health-code violations when you're balls-deep in my ass, Hermann, or I swear to every god I will--"

The threat was never voiced as Hermann chose that moment to open the small bottle of lube from the desk drawer and slather it over his fingers, the slick sound audible in the sudden silence in the room. Newt didn't say a word, just groaned at the noise, and eagerly pushed himself back in the direction of Hermann.

Obligingly, Hermann reached forward and brushed at Newt's opening with his index finger, causing a spark of something that ran up Newt's spine and made him jump.

"Relax," Hermann said, his voice uncharacteristically soft. The sight of Dr. Newton Geiszler spread out and begging to be fucked was not something that many could ignore, and something warm in Hermann's chest unfurled itself at the implicit trust between them.

Newt was strangely quiet, and it was a little unsettling for him to ponder thoughts instead of immediately voicing them. Hermann ignored this, simply enjoying the peace between them, and gently pushed a finger in to the first knuckle.

Newt bucked up towards him, remaining speechless, but Hermann heard what sounded like a small giggle. Curiously, Hermann slid his finger in all the way, and then added a second finger.

The scientist did not speak, but instead let out another chuckle, this one unmistakable. Hermann was not sure whether to feel insulted or not, so he crooked his fingers inside Newt and bewilderedly watched him gasp and moan and then laugh.

"Might I ask what is so funny," Hermann snapped at him, and Newt nodded, giggling and fucking himself on Hermann's fingers in the same breath.

"Ye-yeah, just-- if you could just, uh, add one more finger, fuck, please--" Newt stammered out.

Hermann narrowed his eyes at Newt, but obeyed, squeezing another finger inside him and spreading them slowly to open him up.

Newt made a soft noise that was halfway in-between a moan and a gasp, and then announced, breathless with laughter, "Welcome to the Shatterdome!"

Hermann stared and went still before beginning to babble on with great irritation. "Newt-- I-- Dr. Geiszler, are you-- Have you no restraint? Even your usual nonsensical stream of bedroom talk would be preferable to that! Was that really so absolutely hilarious that you had to share it now, of--of all times?"

"Yes," Newt wheezed, and he looked over his shoulder to grin back at Hermann.

The mathematician flushed a little, and then pulled out his fingers, feeling frustrated beyond belief. "Dr. Geiszler--"

"It's Newt," interrupted Newt, still smiling at his own joke.

"Newton, then. If you could kindly refrain from making puns while I have my way with you, it would be highly appreciated."

Newt nodded and said cheekily, "Of course, Hermann," turning back to face the desk. "You better hurry up and 'have your way with me' before I think of more, then."

Hermann hissed out, "I will," and his hips pistoned forwards as he thrust into Newt slowly, pushing him forwards against the desk and knocking over a penpot.

Newt released a noise of surprise, and then reached back to place his hands on Hermann's hips, encouraging him to go deeper. He did, developing a rhythm and then his nimble fingers reached around the desk to wrap themselves around Newt's cock, matching the same rhythm.

As his movements became more erratic, Hermann knew it wouldn't be long before he finished, and he suspected the same was true for Newt too. He buried himself hilt-deep in the scientist, and then as he brushed against the tight bundle of nerves he could feel Newt come undone around him.

That itself was enough for him, and he spent himself instantly, letting his eyes drift closed as overwhelming pleasure dominated all his senses.

Once he had come down from his high, Hermann realized sheepishly that