.  I kept thinking after a while we’d find someplace else…”  Brian shrugged and shook his head.

Justin felt sick.

Brian notice and suggested they go inside. They went up the stairway and Justin opened the door.

Brian looked around.  Nothing much had changed.  That wasn’t why he was here; he was here because it was time they were honest with each other.  “Why did you leave New York?”

Justin decided it was time to change the subject.  “Are you hungry?  I have some jambalaya left over from last night.”

Brian knew a stalling tactic when he saw one, but he went along with it anyway.

~o~

Brian pushed away his plate.  Now was as good of a time to say what he had to say.  “I haven’t been the Brian you thought you loved for a long time now.  When we met, the Brian I was then was the one that everyone said I was.  I’m not sure how to explain it.”

“Did you try to explain it to Michael?”

“Yeah.  Once.  He laughed, told me to quit joking and go get my dick sucked.”

“That sounds like Michael.”

“I’m tired of it. Pretending to be someone I’m not.  Plus he’s driving me crazy…but I can’t leave him.”

“I’m not asking you to.”  Justin wanted to make it clear that he had no plans to jeopardize the life Brian had made for himself.  “I’m not the same either.”  

“It’s late.  I better go home.”

“Stay.  I promise not to fuck you.” Justin teased.

Brian laughed.   “No, it’s best if I leave before I’m tempted.”  He held out his hand.  “Friends?”

In a way Justin was relieved.  He wasn’t ready to get involved with anyone and certainly not someone who was committed to someone else.  Even if he had feelings for that person.  He clasped the hand in front of him.  “Friends,” he agreed.  


 



Chapter Seven


“Are you sure I should be here?”  Justin asked Emmett nervously.  It felt so strange to be here, in the house that Brian had bought for him.

“Brian said I could bring anyone I wanted to help out,” Emmett replied absently as he put some last minute touches to one of the many arrangements scattered around the dining room.  They had worked all week on decking the entire house for the Christmas Season, with this room being the last.  In a few hours everyone would arrive for the big meal that Emmett had prepared. 

Running footsteps sound down the hallway and a young boy of ten appeared at the door.  “Aunty Em!” he called excitedly.

Emmett hurried to the doorway blocking the boys view.  “Gus, you know you aren’t supposed to see this until tonight.”

“Who’s he?”  Gus stared wide-eyed at Justin. 

Justin stood drinking in the sight of Gus, an older Gus than he remembered.  “You probably don’t remember me.  My name’s Justin.  I’m a friend of your father.”

“Did you bring me a present?” the boy, who looked so like his father, demanded.

Justin laughed.  “As a matter of fact I did.”

He hadn’t really expected to run into Gus, but he’d planned to slip a little something under the tree before he left the house. Reaching for his bag, he pulled out a rolled art paper with a ribbon wrapped around it and handed it to Gus.

“Can I open it, please?” Gus pleaded.

“Of course.”  Justin smiled, pleased that he would get to see Gus’s reaction to his gift.  Emmett  nodded his head in agreement.

Gus slid the red ribbon off and unrolled his gift.  It was a sketch of Brian holding Gus as a baby.

Gus was just about to thank Justin, when the sketch was pulled from his hand and ripped into pieces.  He started to protest, when Michael backhanded him across the face.  Tears sprang to his eyes and he ran from the room past his moms and his dad. 

 “What’s the matter with Gus?” asked Melanie, her arms loaded with wrapped presents to put under the tree.  Behind her, removing their coats and hats, were the rest of the family.  “He just ran past as if the devil was after him.”

“It’s all his fault,” Michael screamed, pointing at Justin.

“Mikey, what did you do to my son?”  Brian demanded.  The look of shock on Emmett and Justin’s face telling him whatever it was wasn’t good.

“What the fuck are you doing here?  I thought I told you I never wanted to see you anywhere’s near Brian again.  I want you the fuck out of my house now,” snarled Michael at Justin.

“You know what, Michael, you are one fucked up piece of shit,” Justin left the room; he couldn’t stand to stay in the same house as