that you know of?" 

Yes.

"Hmm.  Do you know the  counter-curse?"

Yes.

"Is  your inability to speak a part of the curse?"

The mummy stared  at her.  After a moment, Luna realized that she had not left the mummy  an option for I don't know.   Nor for It's too complicated for a  yes/no answer.

"Ok, wait.  Let me think.  Is there a  magical, as opposed to physical, reason you cannot speak?"

No.

"Can the physical problem  be fixed without breaking the curse?"

The mummy just looked at  her again.  Luna sighed. 

"Well, we don't know.  Can I try a  spell on you to see if we can help you speak properly?" 

If the  mummy had not been firmly wrapped in linen, Luna was certain his head  would have flown right off his neck, so vigorously did he nod. 

"Right  then.  Hold still, and no sneaky ripping out of hearts while I'm  casting, agreed?" 

The mummy shrank back down into its helpless  puppy mode and nodded more sedately. 

Luna stepped closer and  held her wand ready.  "Open your mouth," she instructed with a flick of  the wand. 

The mummy obediently let its jaw hang open.  The  dessicated remains of its facial muscles held the bones tenuously  together, and there were quite a few good-looking teeth still in the  jaw.  Luna gently placed the tip of wand just outside the mummy's mouth,  concentrated, and whispered, "Linguavalesco."

It was not a standard healing spell, nor was it the sort of  spell that allowed a non-living item to speak.  Rather, it was a charm  Luna made up on the spot, to grow back muscle and flesh, hydrating and  energizing the remains of tongue and palate.  It did not make the mummy  look any less a mummy, but within moments of the spell's completion, the  creature was smacking newly-plump lips and running its tongue over its  teeth.  The hole in one cheek allowed the maneuver to be visible for far  too long.

Luna stepped back and lowered her wand to waist  height, alert but not worried.

"Thank you," the mummy said in  perfectly decent Latin, although its voice was hoarse and its breath  whistled through too many holes. 

Luna relaxed. It was extremely  rare that a creature with such decent manners turned into a  bloodthirsty madman, at least without outside intervention like a full  moon or a sudden dousing with holy water. 

"You're welcome. Now,  how are you called? My name is Luna. Do you have any idea how long you  have been down here?" 

The mummy picked up a trailing piece of  linen and secured it more tightly around its arm.  "You may call me  Sefu.  My other names have no meaning now. It has been, what, a thousand  years?" 

Luna looked up at the walls.  "If I am interpreting  the walls correctly, more like two thousand. The world has changed many  times."

The mummy managed to look wistful.  "Two thousand years?  Two thousand years.  I cannot imagine it.  There has been nothing here  but the walls and the rats since the last robber made off with my  treasure." 

Luna gestured to the walls with her wand.  "Do you  know why this wall has been muffled?" 

The mummy, or Sefu as she  supposed she must call him now, nodded.  "To prevent them from warning  any victims of my presence, of course. In the beginning, there were  many. Some dropped here by soldiers to die, others came on their own  seeking the treasure."

Luna surmised that most of those victims  had been killed to slake the thirst for vengeance most standard mummy  curses came with. 

"Why are you not trying to steal my flesh,  then?" 

The mummy looked down at its feet and mumbled  something. 

"Speak up.  And in a language I know, please." 

"I  said," Sefu bit out with clacks of teeth and whistles of breath, "that I  was bored.  I don't know how long it has been since the last robber ran  away, but it was a lonely time, even with the walls to talk to. I  thought perhaps if I did not kill you, I might find a way out of here by  following when you ran." 

Luna pondered the realities of a  bored mummy in a modern Wizarding World.  "Does your curse keep your  flesh from falling completely apart, then?"

Sefu nodded and held  his arm out for her inspection. "It will not let me fall into dust. But I  am overdue to do so.  When the curse is gone, I will just shrivel into  nothing."

Luna looked him in the eye without blinking, which was  easier considering he had no eyelids to blink with to remind her to.   "Do you wish for that?" 

Sefu jumped away from her, scrambling  into the twilight-zone of light at the edge of the candle's range.  "No,  no, I do not want to die yet. Anything but death." 

Luna shook  her head. "Well, I'm not going