a few feet away and tipped the book so that the spine faced the ceiling and spilled the loose sheets down onto the top of a small table. They fluttered out like black and white butterflies, and once caught by Elrond, were shuffled and brought back to the group. "I will now read what we have written so that it may be discussed by our council. This exercise will give us an opportunity to anonymously bring forth the ails of the realm which perhaps not all were comfortable with presenting. We will also have the opportunity to hear the personal hopes and dreams of others, and we may find them to be not so far from our own."

Elrond took the top paper and unfolded it. "Greater variety of seasonal fruits at mealtime." He scanned the council with his usual cocked-eyebrow expression. "How many varieties are we currently serving?"

"Not enough," said Lindir. "And that one was not mine," he added, "but I agree with them."

"Thank you," said Melpomaen, and immediately after he uttered, "Oops."

"People, this will not work on the basis of anonymity if the identity of the writer is revealed," said Elrond. He sighed and tossed the paper into the fire. "I am certainly not reading whatever your personal hope was if we all know who you are."

"Maybe that was his personal hope," Lindir quickly added. Melpomaen looked about to say something, but Erestor set a hand on his secretary's shoulder to stop him.

Master Elrond sighed. "Let us discuss the issue of the fruit. It always seems adequate to me."

"What did you have for breakfast this morning?" asked Erestor.

"An apple," replied Elrond.

"What did you have yesterday?" 

"An apple, of course. You know the saying – an apple a day keeps the healer away."

"Ironic, when you think about it," whispered Galdor to Legolas.

Erestor nodded. "You eat apples at breakfast and raspberries with your supper, except in late autumn, winter, and early spring – then you eat dried berries instead. Fruit variety does not affect you, because everything you want is always available. Unfortunately, there is but one other fruit selection, which varies daily. Some who likes, peaches for instance, needs to wait nearly three weeks before they rotate onto the menu again. I think if we were to offer two selections each day, it might be beneficial to the morale." Erestor paused. "We could have apples, raspberries, peaches, and some other fruit."

"That still seems to leave the problem of lack of variety," noticed Galdor.

"Well, we could have... peaches and three random fruits, then," said Erestor.

"Or apples, raspberries, and two random fruits," Elrond corrected.

"Or apples and peaches and two random fruits," suggested Erestor.

"Can we manage that financially?" asked Elrond, and everyone knew to whom the question was directed without his specifying. "Apples, raspberries, and two random fruits," he specified, just in case anyone thought he meant to promote Erestor's specific idea.

Glorfindel opened the ledger with shaky hands. This was not going to be a pleasant morning, not until he found a way to keep his sheet from being read. "I assume we would reduce the amount of some of the fruit that is offered currently? We might need to shift from one of the budgets for things we do not produce a lot of, though our military has been running a small consistent surplus as of late. We could try it out for a month and see how it works."

"Then I would like you, Melpomaen, and Lindir to form a committee. Design a schedule, work out the budget concerns, and be sure to promote it so that we do not end up with excess rotting fruit because everyone wanted apples we did not have." Elrond took the next sheet that he had. "Add Tables to the Hall of Fire."

"Well, we should," blurted out Glorfindel, taking the opportunity presented to him. "Oh... sorry, anonymous, I forgot," he said, blushing appropriately, and hoping to receive the same treatment that Melpomaen had.

"For Eru's sake! From now on, no one says anything after I read the paper!" Elrond shook his head and turned it over – and the color immediately drained from Glorfindel's face. Perhaps no one else would hear, but Elrond would know, Elrond would confront him, he would ask what it meant, and—

With a look of confusion on his face, Elrond looked at Glorfindel and questioned, "You want to improve the relations between this realm and yours? Is there something I need to know?"

"So THAT is what he does in the winter," exclaimed Lindir merrily. "He is not out hunting orcs; he goes to his secret realm that he only rules in the winter months!"

The blush returned. "I... I guess I must not be the only one who thinks we need tables in the Hall of Fire." 

"We are not putting tables in the Hall