down the sleeve of my shirt. There were scratch marks on my shoulder. Viktor glared at the marks and looked at the priest. 

"Why do you think I'm a demon?" Viktor asked. 

"Isn't it obvious? Your whole existed practically screams demon! You probably possessed Yuuri!" The priest said shaking a little. 

"Do you like Yuuri? You know, romantically?" Viktor suddenly asked. The priest frozed, I look at Viktor questionably. "Well?" Viktor pressed. 

"Uh," 

"Well if it's not that. Yuuri and I should be going now." Viktor said grabbing my hand. "See ya!" 

 "Yuuri! Yuuri!" The priest yelled after us.

 

 

Viktor ushered me into his car and we drove off. Viktor was quiet. I rested my hand on his leg, "Are you okay?" I asked leaning forwards.

Viktor sighed and his grip on the steering wheel lessening. "I'm fine, are you okay? Is it bleeding?" Viktor asked worryingly. 

"Nope, I'm fine. Where are we going?" I asked leaning back in my seat. 

"My apartment, you don't have to go anywhere soon, right?" Viktor asked. I nodded my head, "I love you Yuuri." Viktor said smiling softly. 

"I love you too, Vitya." 

 

 

Viktor slammed the door closed and pushed me against the wall. Our tongues tangled together as we started to strip off our clothes. Our saliva mixed as the kiss got deeper. I started to unbutton Viktor's shirt, while Viktor just ripped mine off my body.

I pulled away with a gasp and moaned as Viktor trailed kisses down my neck. "Viktor!" I groaned when he started sucking on my skin. 

Viktor pulled back with a smirk, "Yuuri~" I blushed and hid my face in Viktor's chest. Viktor chuckled, "Don't hide your face. You're adorable." Viktor said.

"Yuuri, are you willing to give up your human life for me?" Viktor asked. 

"What?" I asked looking at Viktor's face. 

"A while ago, you asked if it was possible for us to spend eternity together. It is, but do you still feel the same way?" Viktor asked, his eyes pleading.

I smiled and took Viktor's hand in mine, "I'll go to the ends of the earth with you. I'll start a war on heaven for you. I'll give you my whole life, I love you." I told Viktor starring him in the eyes.

His blue eyes widen in shock at my forwardness, before they relaxed and Viktor pulled me closer to him. "I love you too, Yuuri." 

 

The bed creaked as Viktor thrusted in, "Ngh." I moaned and wrapped my legs around Viktor's waist. Trying to get him deeper in me. 

"Fuck Yuuri, you're tighter than usual." Viktor groaned. I pulled Viktor in another kiss. The kiss was sloppy considering how close we were to an orgasm.

"Mmm, Ngh!" I groaned as Viktor slammed his hips harder against mine. The room was filled with moaning and groaned along with the creaking of the bed. 

Suddenly Viktor stopped, I whimpered grinding my hips against his. "Vitya!" I whined.

"Shh, we have to do this now." Viktor said biting his hand, blood started to seep out of the wound. "Suck." Viktor said holding out his hand. 

I glanced at him confused but, licked the blood off his hand and started to suck on the wound anyways. Viktor moved his hips slowly and started sucking on my neck before, biting down.

I gasped at the pain tears swelling in my eyes. Viktor stayed like that before kissing the mark and thrusting his hips harder and faster. 

"Ah!" 

 

I woke up to fingers tracing the skin on my thigh. "Too early." I mumbled to Viktor pulling the blankets over me. Viktor laughed and placed a kiss on my forehead.

"I'll go make coffee." He said walking out of the room. 

I shifted in the bed trying to get comfortable. I groaned when I felt a tapping on my leg. I pulled the covers back and stared at the tail. Huh?

I got up and walked over the the body length mirror. My eyes were slits, similar to a cats eye. My teeth were slightly sharper then normal, and I had a tail. I looked closer at my neck which had a strange mark on it.

Viktor padded in the room with two mugs of coffee. "On the bright side, now we don't need to buy food." Viktor joked. Demons don't need food to survive.

"Wait, I'm a demon now?" I asked Viktor confused.

Viktor nodded and placed the mugs on the dresser, "You're an Incubus." Viktor walked over and kissed the mark on my neck, running his hands down my sides. "Now you're all mine." He whispered.

I smiled and turned around to