Exactly. So this is no different, apart from that my count is only a third of yours. Are you a whore too then? Because you slept with someone you loved more than once in a day? Fuck you." Gulping back tears, you'd hoped that this person would understand or at least accept the choice you made, yet here you stood being called loose and slutty and not in a good, joking manner. "I can't be here right now. I have to go." 

"(F/N) wait…"

"No Jean. I've tried to spell it out and it's obviously an agree to disagree situation, but there was no need to call me that." You weren't upset at his confusion, it was quite the unusual relationship but that word…it hit you hard, harder than any other insult in the world would and crushed a piece of your soul. Seeking out the manager, you gave excuses revolving around a migraine again, keeping it consistent and quickly jogged home, salt water stinging the corners of your eyes and throat tight. 

All you could bring yourself to do was crawl fully clothed into bed, sheets unslept in for two nights and you started to brood, brain ticking over and full of conflicting thoughts, even questioning your very existence by the time afternoon rolled in. 

You'd managed to snooze at some point, puffy eyes delicate and enlarged from crying so wretchedly and you turned, noting the time was six in the evening and closing time at the bank. Twice you'd had to cut the working day short - was it worth putting yourself through this turmoil? Risking your job eventually if this carried on? Who were you really, a whore after all? Looking down at the smart uniform, you imagined that beneath lay a body to be used for meaningless fucks, shared around without care. But no, that wasn't true, they cared. So did you. 

A knock at the door served to aggravate you even more, lack of buzz meaning that either one of your vacuous neighbours must want something or someone hadn't locked the main entry. Trudging through, you yanked the entrance open with a scowl which darkened further when the visitor was revealed. 

"What do you want, Jean?"

"(F/N), I'm sorry. I didn't mean to call you that, I know it was in bad taste, it just came out." There was genuine sorrow on his face as the only individual to truly know you inside and out bowed his head, fully apologetic. "Can I please come in? Let's talk about this?" Years of companionship broke your resolve and you tutted as brown eyes gazed up in sorrow from beneath pained brows.

"How can I resist that puppy dog face. Come on." 

Jean felt like grinning but didn't, kept calm as he knew some bridges needed to be rebuilt - smirking at his triumphant entry would not go in his favour. Sinking into the couch, the man watched as you poured wine, work clothes creased and crumpled and any of his humour faded when it became obvious you'd been curled up in bed for hours. The red lined lids made him feel even worse and he took the offered glass, instantly placing it down and wrenching yours away too. Ignoring your protest, he placed warm hands to your cheeks and wore a grave expression, for once wholly serious. 

"(F/N), please believe me when I say I'm sorry. I know it's just words but I mean them. Now, are you gonna give me some love?" 

Laughing lightly, you accepted the apology and hugged your friend tight, the time spent mulling over life choices now irrelevant as you shared mutual adoration, not about to throw this away over a silly spat. 

"Thanks Jean. You're forgiven."

"I know. You can't stay mad at me."

"Careful, I can still kick your ass out if you piss me off." It was his turn to chuckle and arms held you away, form scrutinized with suddenly dutiful eyes. "What?"

"Let's talk. Go through it all again but not the facts. Tell me how you feel instead, (F/N)."

Allowing emotions to tumble out, you outlined exactly what your heart and soul were thinking, how a certain four letter utterance earlier was most likely true - you were in deep, falling uncontrollably in a spiral which couldn't be climbed out of even if you'd wanted to try. But you didn't, content with this situation and that was relayed to the brunette sitting close, all of your thoughts taken in. He listened in silence as you threw questions out there that needed no answer, things like 'how is it any different?' and 'don't normal couples sleep together regularly?' 

"We're not conventional but it doesn't mean we have some sort of sex addiction. There's plenty we do that doesn't involve genitals." Listing those events, Jean found himself softening at the way you described walks