, instead his brow furrowed more. “Was hoping to get your opinion on it, if now is a good time.”

“Hmm? Oh! Yes, sorry, sorry, just put it down by the tractor.” Stu’s concentration broke as the scent of the pie hit him. He rolled his shoulders and stretched his back, eyes closed tight as he stretched out his body from the morning’s work. He twisted his neck this way and that before finally meeting Gideon’s gaze. “Guess I could use a break. Something on your mind?”

“No, sir,” answered Gideon, almost as soon as Stu’s question had been asked, “it’s just been, mmm.” He stopped, taking the opportunity to turn away from Stu to place the pie down in the shadow of the big green tractor. “It’s not important.”

Stu had to stand on his tiptoes to pat Gideon on the shoulder, but he did it anyway. “Something wrong?”

“I-I, don’t think this is a proper discussion for busin-”

“Gideon, I’m not just your business partner, I’m your friend. If something’s up, you can’t keep it bottled up. It’s bad for you.”

“I,” Gideon took a deep breath and exhaled slowly, “yeah, you got me.”

Stu sat on the step of the tractor, and patted the area next to him. Gideon took it, careful to position the pie at their feet. “It’s,” Gideon began to speak, but cut himself off, puffing his cheeks up with air before dropping his head.

“If it’s money, you know that we’re here-”

“It’s not money, thank you all the same, but,” Gideon interrupted the older rabbit. The fox leaned back against the tractor’s large green door, and let his gaze fly across the fields of carrots to the farmhouse, which was more of a large shack covering a huge network of tunnels and basements where the Hopps family actually lived. “How’d you do it?” He finally asked.

“Do what?”

Gideon gestured to the house, “You and Bonnie been together for, how long, thirty years now?” The fox let his arm fall. “Me and Travis can’t even make it work for nine months before we’re at each other’s throats.”

“I thought you preds thought going for the throat was sexy- I’m joking! It was a joke,” Stu added at the face Gideon pulled. The rabbit then folded his arm and considered the question. True, his relationship with his wife had lasted through the years, and he could say that he genuinely loved her, but he also wouldn’t describe it as a storybook romance. “Well, Gideon, you’ve already got something on us, you aren’t just in it for the business with Travis.”

Gideon responded with a grunt. Stu changed tactics.

“Well, maybe you should consider that a break might be good for the relationship, lord knows me and Bonnie have had our share of fights that, and I can tell you that not even one of them wasn’t just us getting on each other’s nerves, nothing more.” Stu shrugged, “And only time will let cool heads prevail.”

“That’s some awful considerate advice from you, Mr. Hopps-”

“Gideon, I said call me Stu.”

“S-Stu,” Gideon tried out the word in his mouth, unsure of whether he liked it. “Well, you see, our problem is a bit more, well, personal.”

“Which one of you can’t get it up?”

“Mr. Hopps!”

“Dangit Gid, I said call me Stu, and I was ribbing yah.” Stu poked the fox in the ribs for literal emphasis, before casting a suspicious look his way. “Don’t tell me it’s actually the old ED devil come to play?”

“N-no sir,” Gideon sputtered, “It’s just, that,” Gideon paused, unsure of how, or if he wanted to elaborate.

Stu nodded, letting the fox think out his words. He scooped up the pie and pulled off the white and blue checkered cloth keeping it hot. He practically shoved it up his nose as he took a big whiff of the fruity scent. “Is this blueberry and apples? Whatever will you think of next?”

“Thanks, Stu,” mumbled Gideon as the rabbit scooped out a pawful.

“Mmmm, mmm, delicious, Gid, just like always,” Stu sucked each of his fingers clean with a pop, before holding out the pie to the fox, who waved it away.

If pie doesn’t make Gideon feel better, he is in serious trouble, thought Stu. Gideon was a man of surprising depth, but he also ate his feelings religiously, had since he was a child.

“So, trouble at home?” He prompted.

“It’s just