. Sighing, Sans let his cigarette burn out before dropping it into the snow. He closed his eyes, focusing on his home. The living room and how the fire place was a little too big, the pictures on the wall all drawn by Frisk, dating from back when they were kids until a decade later.

When he opened his eyes, he was standing in the living room of his home.

"whats with all the fuss about anyway? where's everybody?" Sans looked around. Suddenly, someone leaped onto him, arms circling his chest, legs clinging onto his hips."oof-"He stumbled forward, the sudden weight almost making him buckle. With a swift twist of his wrist, the weight was lifted off him and Sans turned to look at his 'attacker'.

"oh hey frisk sweetheart. whats the occa-"

"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BROTHER." Sans whipped around again. His brother stood by the kitchen doorway, holding up a large white banner with the sign 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY SANS' neatly written in blue marker.

Sans stood staring, speechless. Had it been so soon? The previous timeline only felt like yesterday, still fresh in his mind... He'd forgotten his own birthday? It wasn't unlike Sans but he should've guessed. Christmas was coming up after all... All those little bits of information he'd missed...

*Do...do you like it? Frisk signed, scrunching her eyebrows.

"YES BROTHER. IS IT THAT BAD?" Papyrus kept his wide smile although it seemed to dim in its brightness.

Sans blinked in surprise, shaken out of his thoughts. He smiled, going over to give his brother a pat on the shoulder. "it's absolutely perfect bro."

Papyrus grinned, crushing Sans into a hug. Papyrus, although the younger one, was taller than Sans by almost half a head. He wore his signature red scarf and a white casual t-shirt that hung loosely across his skeletal frame. He always wore nice tight jeans and black boots to match. Sans chuckled awkwardly.

"you're crushing my bones."
Papyrus set him down, laughing. "I MADE SOME SPAGHETTI SPECIALLY FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY."

"you always make spaghetti paps. what's so special?"

"FRISK HELPED MAKE IT. AND WE MADE A LOT."

"i guess you could say you made a spaggeton of spaghetti-"

"NYEH! SANS!"

Frisk giggled.


Sans sat on the couch in their living room, Papyrus leaning on his right shoulder and Frisk’s head on his lap, arms thrown across his legs, her own legs propped up on the couch’s armrest. Both his brother and girlfriend were sound asleep. The quiet party of three had just finished watching some movie that Sans hadn’t really paid attention to. He only knew there was this crazy woman with a bat going after… just about everyone. Or that’s how it seemed like. Papyrus and Frisk had laughed and shrieked throughout the movie and in the end, fallen asleep in the middle. 



Sans sighed, stroking Frisk’s dark brown locks. He was so tired but he didn’t dare close his eyes. The previous timeline… Sans shook his head. He wasn’t sure how long he could keep this up, staying awake. Maybe he should sleep. It was his birthday. He deserved a little rest, didn’t he?  He closed his eyes. It didn’t take long for him to drift off…



---




Papyrus knelt on the ground, bones sticking out of his chest, helmet having fallen off somewhere during the battle. His scarf fluttered behind him, torn and tattered. Papyrus opened his mouth to speak when a hole appeared through the top of his skull.





A gunshot sounded not long after. Smoke trailed from the hole, the back of his skull crumbling into dust. He froze, teetering before falling forward with a small whoomph, the snow muffling any clattering of bones.




---



Sans moaned in his sleep. 
“
hff..hff… … ngh…
” His fingers tightened in Frisks hair, pulling harder as his breathing quickened. Frisk grunted, scrunching her eyebrows in pain. She pushed herself up, arms resting on Sans’ lap. 



“Sans? You’re hurting me… Sans?”



Sweat dripped from his forehead down to his cheeks. His cries of distress grew louder, his teeth grinding against each other. 



---




“DEAD AT LAST!!


” Flowey’s multiple screeching voices cackled, his vines curling tighter over bones, cracking it.




---



“
SANS!
” Papyrus had also woken, worry etched across his face. Sans still didn’t wake. Purple now flared in his eyes, blood staining his teeth. Papyrus reached out, touching the side of Sans’ face. Frisk caressing the other. Sans’ breathing slowed although his eyes still glowed.  



Papyrus waved his hand, gently grabbing onto Sans’ soul, lifting him up into the air and then bringing him into his arms. Papyrus got up from the sofa, carrying Sans bridal style up the stairs with Frisk leading the way. Frisk opened Sans’ bedroom door, then she