friend faux-pas by even bringing it up.

Jared could see the silent conversation playing out between his friends and decided this was something they needed to figure out without him being the third wheel. “Hey, guys? I think I’m gonna go give Gen a call and then call it a night. You two okay here?” Neither Jensen nor Misha looked his way.

“We’re good.” Misha replied, not breaking eye contact with Jensen.

“Yup. Uh, night, Jared.” Jensen stammered, not looking away either.

“Right. Well I’ll catch you in the morning then.” Jared replied and climbed out of the hot tub, grabbing a towel to wrap around his waist. “Goodnight guys.”

Misha heard the glass door close but didn’t pay any attention. The last ten minutes had been kind of surreal. He had no idea what to expect now, and that made him more nervous than he’d been in a very long time. He knew it was now or never so he just stared at his friend, trying to exude confidence and interest, and waited for Jensen to give him some guidance. The wait was excruciating. Misha held his breath.

Jensen didn’t know if it was the heat from the water, the effects of the weed, or the suggestive look in Misha’s eyes that was causing the warmth to rise in every region of his body, but either way, he couldn’t tear his eyes from his friend. This wasn’t the first time they’d been in this precarious position, teetering on the edge of something exciting and a bit frightening. But if he was honest, this was the first time Jensen hadn’t jumped back or rushed off leaving excuses and disappointment in his wake.

Misha held his gaze and, with just the pad of his thumb and the gentlest touch, swiped a bead of water from Jensen’s brow before it could trickle down into his eyes. Without making any conscious decision to do so, Jensen instinctively leaned in to the caress, his heartbeat speeding up and his eyes fluttering closed.

“Jen?” Misha whispered, barely audible over the bubbling water. “If I do what I want to right now, there’s no going back. I know the girls are on board with it, but are you?”

Jensen didn’t know what was different this time, but he didn’t want to escape. The slight nod of his head was all Misha needed to skim his teasing thumb down Jensen’s stubbled jaw and cup his hand firmly at the back of his friend’s neck.

Jensen knew what was coming but he wasn’t prepared for the reality. Misha’s lips always appeared dry and chapped, so he hadn’t anticipated the softness when they brushed over his own. The kiss was quick, just a light press of lips really, enough for Misha to gauge whether Jensen was genuinely willing to take things further.

With his still arms hanging at his sides, yet body tense with anticipation, Jensen tilted forward until his forehead was resting against Misha’s. He struggled with his next words. “I don’t know what I’m doing, Mish.” he rushed out in a single breath. “I need you to, us to…fuck, I don’t even know what I need; I just know I can’t keep running from this.”

“I’m not putting any pressure on you.” Misha replied with the rawest look Jensen had ever seen from the man. No masks, no television or convention personas, just pure, beautiful, Misha. “I want you. You know that. Even if I’ve never come right out and said so, you know it’s true. The girls have noticed enough to talk to me about it. Hell, even Jared’s picked up on something, though he’s not willing to discuss it.”

Misha raised both arms out of the water to cup Jensen’s face with his palms, steam rising around them both, adding an intensity to the conversation. “But, Jen, I won’t push you. You have to be ready for this on your own terms.”

For the first time, Jensen didn’t hesitate. He closed the short distance between them with a hunger he didn’t know he possessed, slid his calloused fingers into Misha’s damp hair, and kissed his friend with all the pent up longing he’d been holding back for years.

A low, almost Cas-like, growl punched out of Misha’s throat. His nerve endings were prickling with the steam from the water and the attention of Jensen’s hands suddenly mapping out his drenched, heated skin. Tilting his head for a better angle, he deepened their kiss, opening his mouth against Jensen’s and revelled in how right it felt to finally taste him.

Jensen was losing it from the intense heat of Misha’s tongue sliding against his own. Maybe it was the remains of his high making him so dizzy with want; he