. “You are an alien, aren’t you?”

“I’m not from Earth if that’s what you mean,” replied Ashleigh. “So yes, I am an alien to you.”

“Do you get your looks from your mother?” Amy suddenly asked; Ashleigh raised her eyebrows at the sudden change in topic. “You don’t really look like the Doctor.” She defended.

“Of course I don’t,” said Ashleigh in a matter-of-fact tone. “I was born to a younger version of him, when he had a different face—that’s who I look like.”

“Right, so where’s your mother?” Amy asked and her eyes darted around the room as if she expected Ashleigh’s mother to pop up or burst through the door.

However, Ashleigh shrugged. “Don’t know.” She said. “I don’t have any idea who she is.”

“You’ve never told your daughter who her mother is?” Amy accused the Doctor and he almost looked offended at this accusation.

“I don’t know either.” He corrected.

“How can you possibly have no idea who the mother of your kid is?”

“I don’t know, probably a memory wipe or something…” The Doctor muttered as he returned to searching for the elusive aspirin. “Whoever Ash’s mother is she didn’t want me to know.”

“Memory wipe?” Amy scoffed. When it was apparent that no one was going to say they were joking her smile fell. “You’re being serious, aren’t?”

“Totally serious,” answered Ashleigh for her father; she wiggled her eyebrows and grinned up at the Scottish woman. “It’s great, isn’t it?”

“How is it great? She’s your mother.”

 “So? A mother is exactly the same as a father except female and is the one to carry the child,” said Ashleigh. “Kids don’t need their mothers to have a good upbringing. Anyway, it’s great because it’s another mystery—and I love mysteries.” She paused. “And Disneyland, I love Disneyland.”

“You hated Disneyland.” The Doctor accused. “You said it was the perfect symbol of how greedy big companies could get and ruin everything they lay their hands on.”

“That was the 2037 Disneyland,” retorted Ashleigh, “and it was rubbish! They had changed all of their original rides to IPs of their recent movies and it was awful; I still can’t believe they changed the Matterhorn Bobsleds to Frozen Bobsleds.”

“Frozen?” Amy echoed.

Ashleigh glanced to her father.

“She’s from 2010 A.D.” He explained. “A-ha! Got you!” He sprinted back to Ashleigh, juggling a bottle of aspirin in his hands. “See, I knew I had some.” With the help of a glass of water Ashleigh took a couple and smiled at her father.

“Thanks, Dad.”

He returned the smile and gently ruffled her hair where there wasn’t a lump. “Amy, would you mind waiting for us in the console? I need to have a private word with Ash.”

“Oh, sure, Doctor.” The Scottish woman left the pair in peace and the Doctor returned to the medical cabinet.

“… Have I done something?” said Ashleigh, unable to take the thick silence in the room.

“Yes.” The Doctor answered, “but it’s a good thing—a very good thing.” He grabbed an object from the cabinet and came back over to her; it was a box of plasters. “When I regenerated for the first time in front of you I was… scared how you would react,” he began as he fished out a plain plaster from the box, “and with this regeneration… well, it took me a while to find out what I actually looked like.”

“Oh, too busy saving the earth from incinerated, right?” teased Ashleigh.

“Exactly,” said the Doctor as he applied the plaster to her head, “and when I did find out what I looked like I got a bit worried.”

Ashleigh arched an eyebrow. “Worried? Why?”

The Doctor released a sigh and ran a hand through his brown, floppy hair. “Because of how… young I look.” He said, waving his hands at himself. “Amy even assumed we were siblings first, not parent and child.”

The brunette child frowned. “Are you worried that other people will think you’re not my dad?”

“Not exactly,” said the Doctor. He took one of her hands and his green eyes met her blue eyes. “I was worried that you might think I looked too young for you to…” He trailed off and he avoided her eyes.

“Call you Dad anymore?” Ashleigh guessed, softly. “Oh, Dad, you… you…” She flicked his forehead. “You silly moron! So you look like you’re twelve—who cares? You’re still my dad.”