when he got pregnant and that would be that.

Derek had other ideas apparently. He’d shoved the box into Stiles’ hands, given him his best attempt at a puppy dog look and steered Stiles towards the bathroom. His pacing around outside really didn’t help either.

Either Derek really wanted it to be positive or he really needed to pee.

Stiles glanced at the test again, let out a breath, threw everything away and opened the bathroom door. Derek spun, grabbed Stiles’ biceps and snapped, “Well?”

“Down boy. And no. It was negative.”

“What was negative?” Stiles shrieked (in a completely manly way) and would have spun around if Derek hadn’t been holding his arms. Stiles looked over his shoulder at Lydia who had to have been some kind of ninja to sneak up like that.

“Uh…” And for once, Stiles was at a loss for words.

Lydia’s eyebrows went up.

“The pregnancy test was negative.” Derek provided. The traitor.

Stiles spun his head back towards Derek fast enough he almost gave himself whiplash and hissed, “You said we wouldn’t tell anyone!” Derek simply shrugged. Traitor.

Stiles turned back towards Lydia, “No one else is to know!”

So of course by the end of the night the rest of the pack knew.

 

 

3.

Since the rest of the pack knows by now, Stiles doesn’t bother trying to keep quiet whenever they try (which is as often as possible) in hopes of traumatizing some of them.

Namely Scott, since he kept giving totally unhelpful advice.

Just because Allison got pregnant a few weeks after they started trying didn’t mean he was some sort of expert. He just had freakish werewolf sperm.

Following that logic Derek would have freakish werewolf sperm. Stiles stared down at the test that had developed the negative sign on it while Stiles had been off in wonderland.

Maybe it was something wrong with Stiles. They’d only been trying for a month, maybe he needed to be tested, maybe he couldn’t even have kids… no he wasn’t going to follow that train of thought into Sadville.

“I’ve heard it helps if you do it with your legs raised up when you’re done.” Scott said when Stiles stepped out of the bathroom.

“Next time you’re asleep I’m going to shave your head so then you’ll look really stupid on the full moons. All the woodland creatures will laugh at you. Jackson will mock you until the end of eternity.”

Stiles ignored Scott’s wounded look and headed into the kitchen to pass along the news to Derek.

 

 

4.

“Have you tried it during the day and with the lights on? I’ve heard that helps.” Erica offered her non-helpful piece of advice one night while they were piled in the living room watching a movie.

“I’ve heard a lot of ‘I’ve heard’ but no actual proof that it actually helps.” Stiles grumbled from his place beside Derek.

“Supposed to be higher sperm count during the morning, maybe you can confuse them.” The movie was temporarily drowned out by the various groans and complaints from everyone else at the word ‘sperm’.

“I don’t think you can confuse  sperm.”

“Can we stop saying ‘sperm’?!” Scott whined, his hands clapped over his ears. Derek snorted and shook his head.

“What can it hurt to try?” Isaac offered.

“Can we maybe watch the movie instead of my sex life?”

“I think it’s much more interesting than the movie.” Lydia turned around and faced the couch, the look on her face giving Stiles all sorts of Bad Feelings.

“Derek, are you eating organic bananas? Nonorganic bananas can make you sterile.”

Stiles snorted his drink up his nose while Derek coughed and asked, “How can bananas do that?”

“It’s the chemicals.”

“I think that’s a bunch of crap.” Jackson scowled over at Lydia while Stiles tried to ignore Derek’s contemplative frown.

None of this was what Stiles had expected when he’d entered a relationship with Derek.

 

 

5.

Stiles tried to ignore the sound of Derek’s pacing.

“Your pacing is the reason why I started doing this when you weren’t home.” Stiles grumbled when he opened the door.

Derek, of course, ignored him, “So?”

“Is it really even necessary for me to take a test? You’ll know when I am, right? Or do you get some sort of sick fascination out of making me spend twenty bucks on this stupid piece of plastic? Because-“

“Stiles.”

“Oh my God, no, it’s negative, Derek. Like you didn’t already know that.”

Derek sighed and grabbed Stiles’ wrist and dragged him towards the bed, “C’mon, let’s try again.”

“You don’t have to say that like it’s a horrible thing to sleep with me, you know.” Despite his whining Stiles allowed