and gently easing the razor from Sam's hands as the tears started pouring down Sam's cheeks. He had no idea what to say. He had never thought he'd get caught before.

"Shh… Shh… Here… Let's clean you up. At least you seem to be prepared." Gabriel muttered softly seeing the hydrogen peroxide and bandages and using them to clean and bandage the wound. Sam was wondering why Gabriel was helping him when he expected yelling or disgust. He couldn't see anything in Gabriel's eyes like that.

"W-why? W-w-why aren't you disgusted with me? I'm a freak!" Sam sobbed and Gabriel sighed wiping away his tears gently with his thumb as he spoke.

"You're not a freak Sam. I don't know why you think you deserve this but that doesn't mean there isn't a reason. I… I am disgusted. But not by you. I'm disgusted that you were hurting like this and I never noticed. My mom… My dad was an alcoholic. I told you that. But my mom… She got really depressed. I didn't notice then either. I was only four, and she was good at hiding things. We didn't know until it was too late. Because nothing was enough. As the pain grew so did the number of scars she hid and it was an accident. Her hand slipped, no one was home. Luce had picked me up from preschool and brought me home and we found her… So I'm not disgusted with you. You have your reasons. But I'm not letting my boyfriend end up like that too and you're on lock down until you talk to me." Gabriel said sternly as he pulled Sam up toward the bedroom with a strength that was surprising for his tiny body.

Sam cried himself to sleep that night apologizing to Gabriel repeatedly, apologizing to Jo, and to Dean. He begged for his mother's forgiveness at one point and through all of it, Gabriel just laid with him and held him. It was more then Sam deserved and everything he was afraid of. When he woke up the next morning Gabriel's eyes were on his face.

"Are you ready to talk?" He asked his voice gentle but wary. Sam nodded rubbing his face and taking a deep breath before starting at the beginning with his mother's death. He told Gabriel everything. Every horrible thing he had ever done that made him deserving of pain and blood. By the end, he was crying again but Gabriel refused to let go.

"Sam. You are beautiful. I don't just mean your body either, though hot damn! No, you have a beautiful soul and I'm going to prove it to you. I just want a promise. Promise you'll tell me when you cut. I want to know so that way if… If something goes wrong I'm not going to loose you too." Gabriel insisted looking into Sam's eyes pleadingly and Sam nodded unable to deny him that comfort.

"Good. Now let's get ready to go. You owe me a date." Gabriel said releasing him and Sam frowned not sure why Gabriel wasn't threatening to hide his razor or get him medical help. His thoughts must have been clear on his face.

"What good would that do Samsquach? I'm not going to stop you. You promised to tell me when you cut and I'm going to trust that promise. Today you and I have a date. We'll take it one day at a time. Maybe I can show you why I don't think you should cut anymore… Maybe I can't. But either way, we're trying it like this for now, okay? So go shower, change, primp up your glorious mane of hair and let's see some fugly paintings." Gabriel said smiling at him and Sam snorted but did as he was instructed.

They had fun critiquing the paintings and they ended up falling asleep on the couch together after they got home. They had started a popcorn fight and watched a sappy movie Gabriel forced him into. He didn't cut that night.

The day after Gabriel had to go back to work and Sam was alone. He ended up cutting again but he sent Gabriel a text before and after remembering his promise and When Gabriel got back he ended up cuddling with Sam on his bed.

Things went like that for around a month. Then Gabriel decided he wanted to meet Dean. "He's your brother. You said he practically raised you. I wanna meet him. Please! I let you meet my family." Gabriel whined and Sam groaned.

"Fine. But… If he doesn't approve then we just never talk about it again." He finally agreed and arranged for his brother to meet him at Gabriel's family's coffee shop. It was one of the most terrifying nights of his life.

"Long