seals, and since we could dry our clothes with bending, we would dive in our furs. But it would feel more like a party if I wore this in your pool.”

 

“You can keep it, if you want. We have plenty,” Asami shrugged.

 

Korra felt the fabric, realizing that she’d never worn anything this revealing in front of anyone her age (not that she’d spent much time at all around anyone her age). Would Mako like it? Spirits forbid Bolin liked it, she didn’t want to have to shut him down again.

 

“I’m sorry, could you… you know?”

 

“Oh! Of course,” Asami smiled, leaving the room. “Let me know if you need anything else.”

 

Korra stripped down and then tried a swimsuit on for the first time in her life. She found that she liked it; the material felt so much different than undergarments and definitely something she’d prefer to swim in than her clothes (especially because no matter how often she bent the water out of a fur pelt, it always smelled like fish and seaweed after she went swimming). She stepped out of the room and glanced at the pool. Mako and Bolin were playing some sort of aquatic version of hide and seek, and Asami was lazily floating around on the southern end. Korra went for the dive.

 

She loved the swimsuit. So much. Besides being in a bathtub, she’d never felt this liberated in water. It wasn’t as though you could skinny dip near the ice caps, at least if you were planning on living long. And swimming without shoes, too! She let the water flow between each toe and let herself sink to the bottom of the pool without worrying about holding her breath. It was a new experience to just sit down there, watching the boy’s legs kick around and having Asami float above her.  

 

Eventually the prospective engineer joined her on the bottom of the pool, and Korra bent a tiny pocket of air for their heads.

 

“I didn’t think a waterbender would enjoy a pool so much.”

 

Korra didn’t want to admit that Asami was right, so she rolled her eyes, “Just waiting for you to show me the racetrack. I can sit down here for as long as it takes.”

 

“Fine, but the next time we go swimming, I expect you to be less of a loner.”

 

“No promises,” the Avatar huffed.

 





 


 Three Years Later: 


 

“Come on! Come on! Come on! I’ve always wanted to swim in the Spirit World!” Korra cried, letting her backpack fall to the grass. Her feet flew so fast that the world around her blurred a little, though that could have been the effect of this heavenly place.

 

“Slow down! Don’t just go diving in without me!”

 

Asami’s ponytail looked a little like a waving flag as she jogged to keep up with her best friend. She gently rested her own pack next to Korra’s and unzipped it to dig through. Finally she pulled out the ditty bag that held their swimsuits, laying her red piece next to the Avatar’s blue ones. The same ones from their first swim at the manor three years ago. Korra looked as though Asami were keeping her on a chain by making her wait, her pout and puppy-dog eyes causing the engineer’s heart to skip a beat. Nevertheless, the Avatar snatched up her blue swimsuit and moved to change by a nearby boab tree.

 

She risked a glance at Korra and her breath caught in her throat. The Avatar had already changed, of course, faster than a cheeta-bear. But her green eyes caught on toned abs and she couldn’t tear away until an acorn fell on her head.

 

“It’s rude to stare,” the oak tree above her murmured.

 

Asami rubbed her forehead but began to change, “Then don’t.”

 

She neatly folded her prized Future Industries jacket and work pants onto a nearby fallen log, whilst Korra threw her fur pelts into a haphazard array on the grass. All of a sudden, the Avatar became a kid again, jumping into the air with an impressive airbending burst and tucking her body into a ball for maximum splash. Asami let the water hit her in the face before jumping in herself. When she resurfaced, she began taking mental notes aloud.

 

“Wow! The temperature is in perfect balance with the air around us, do you think it too reflects your mood? And the water is crystal clear despite the obvious presence of plant and fish life down near the bottom. Though if algae were to show up, it’d be Spirit algae, wouldn’t it? And thus it wouldn’t have the same ecological effects as regular--”

 

Korra didn’t let her finish, propelling towards her with a jet of water and lifting the both of them into the air before gravity took hold and they fell again. Asami yelped and smiled even as a gulp full of water flowed into her mouth. She opened her eyes underwater and found Korra laughing,