freshly cut grass, as well as the sound of cicadas drifting through the summer air.


“Well, if you want to become the future number one pitcher in Tokyo, then leave it to me, the future number one catcher!”


The strongest feeling he would associate with that time of his life would be the desire for a day where the sun never set. Eijun was comfortable, he had fun, and he never wanted to let go of his playmate, later labeled first love, ever for fear of it all being a pleasant dream. If he had to describe his first love, Eijun would liken him to the sky – something so close, yet out of reach. Eijun loved seeing every shade and color his first love had to show, good and bad, snarky and kind. And even when it came time for him to leave, he was always with Eijun. He would leave behind a vibrant smile and words that lit a fire within Eijun that would help him get through the lonely dark of night.


“It’s a promise!”


The last thing his first love left him was a sky swirled with a blaze of orange, a mix of pink, an onset of deep purple and a fading blue that mixed together to form a burning pulse that reverberates through Eijun’s being to this day. Wide smiles, heart aching laughter, affectionate noogies, and a promise to meet again are things that detailed their last day together. These are all things that drive Eijun to break through his limits and are also what he holds dear.

Eijun wishes to see him again. Wants to become the number one pitcher in Tokyo to make him proud. He works hard every day to make good on their decade old promise and to one day meet his first love once more. But if it were all just a wistful dream, Eijun would be fine with it. He would still treasure these memories, real or not. 


“Let’s meet again, Ei-chan!”


I did a quick once through so there will definitely be some mistakes that I missed. Hopefully they didn't make it difficult to read. But, yes, so, I wanted to try my hand at imagery intensive narrative and I was talking to my friend about first love...And now we're here.  

Also, I was listening to the AB/AP album while writing this, so the title is slightly based off of the lyric from Immortals because I thought it fit well haha.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


“Ka-chan, hurry up!”


With teenagers, it’s expected that the topic of love will be at the center of the majority of gossip that can be found floating around middle and high school classrooms. At this age, love is so fickle that Kazuya can hardly take the thought of finding true love in such an environment as anything more than an entertaining hilarity. He doesn’t have much of an opinion on love since he spends all of his time thinking about baseball and his new responsibilities as captain. It was something he could currently live without.

If love were a dream, Kazuya thinks true love would be the best dream you could ever hope for while first love would be the fleeting dream you wish to have again, but can’t.


“Wahaha! You better prepare yourself for my super awesome throw!”


First love is the type of fleeting dream that you don’t want to end, but have to accept whatever outcome it reaches and try to move on. When he was seven, going on eight, Kazuya had such a dream, though certain specifics of it have faded over time. It would only be years later before he declares the boy in that fleeting dream as his first love. But, for such an impressionable dream, Kazuya thought he would’ve remembered his appearance, but in the grand scheme of things, he feels that the time they spent together is what truly matters.


“I’m moving to Nagano… Waahh, I’m gonna miss you so muchhh!!”


However, he can still remember the oppressive heat that they paid no mind to as they played a game of catch ball that offered more enjoyment than it should. In reality, Kazuya couldn’t focus on anything but the loud, obnoxious boy he spent many of his after school hours with. The faint sound of cicadas, the squeals of other children in the distance, and the fresh air of the small park made Kazuya slightly wish he could go back to that time when life was a bit easier.


“I’m going to come back and become the number one pitcher in Tokyo, just you wait!”


If he had to describe the boy, he was a hardheaded boy with an overwhelming and contagious passion that made his afternoons all the more exciting. He was like the sun – it was easy to notice when he disappeared. During that time, Kazuya used to wish that the sun would never set so he could continue to bask in the comfortable warmth the sun provided. The sun was such a far away star, yet he would still yearn to take hold of it and never let go.