heat prickling up behind his eyes.

There's a soft, feminine cough, and Sam's gaze follows the sound to a petite brunette in a slinky black dress and heels. "Sam Winchester," she says, her tone flirty and her voice a contralto he might find sexy under other circumstances. "Here to continue the family tradition of trading your soul for the life of a loved one?"

"No," Dean spits out before Sam even has a chance to respond.

Sam squeezes Dean's hand lightly. "No," he agrees. It's not an easy offer to turn down; he's killed for Dean, and would die for him without question. It's going to be a hell of a lot harder to live for him, but he promised ("...you gotta keep kicking demonic ass, Sammy, even after I'm gone...") and he's not going back on his word. Someone's got to stop this fucked-up cycle; it might as well be him.

The demon smiles sadly. "Pity," she says. "I'd love to collect the whole set."

"Sweetheart, you couldn't even hang on to one of us." Dean smirks at her. "No way could you handle all three."

"Dean," Sam says softly, a warning he knows Dean hears but will probably ignore anyway.

"Time to say goodbye to your boyfriend, Sammy." She pauses and her eyes widen in an exaggerated look of surprise. "Oops. I mean your brother."

Sam ignores the dig. "Give us a minute," he says, hating that it sounds like begging. "Please."

A knowing smile spreads across her face, and for an instant her almond-shaped eyes flash red. "You can have five, because I'm a romantic at heart."

Sam wants to put his fist through that smile, break those too-white teeth and pour holy water down her throat and send her the fuck back to Hell. Instead, he winds the fingers of his free hand into the front of Dean's shirt and tugs until they're face to face, close enough to breathe each other's air. The first kiss is barely more than the brush of Dean's lips against the corner of his mouth, and then Dean's leaning in closer and Sam can feel him trembling. Sam deepens the kiss, keeping it slow and easy, like he has all the time in the world to learn the lush curve of Dean's lower lip, to savor the scrape of stubble against his cheek as he nuzzles Dean's jaw. Every touch, every moment committed to memory, filed away.

He's a breath away from breaking his promise to Dean, a heartbeat away from offering the demon whatever she wants if he can just keep his brother for another day, another week, another month. He inhales and it sounds more like a sob. "I'm sorry," he says, his forehead pressed to Dean's, and he doesn't know if he's apologizing for failing to save Dean, for even thinking about breaking his promise, or maybe for not killing Jake when he had the chance.

Dean pulls back, smoothes his thumb across Sam's cheekbone, through the tear tracks there. "Shhh," he says, gentle and soothing. "It's okay, Sammy." Like Sam can't see the fear in his eyes, or the glitter of unshed tears. Like he can protect Sam from this like he's protected Sam from everything else in their lives.

Sam leans in and kisses him one last time, as gentle and sweet as he can make it, trying to put a lifetime of feeling into it. "I love you so much," he whispers against Dean's mouth, and he feels Dean's lips curve into a smile.

The demon coughs delicately again.

Dean pulls back and Sam can see that he's still smiling slightly. He shrugs off his leather jacket and drapes it around Sam's shoulders before turning away. "Well, all right," he says to the demon, and Sam hears the faintest tremor in his voice. "Let's blow this popsicle stand."

"Don't worry, Sammy," the demon says as she reaches a hand out toward Dean. "You'll be seeing big brother again soon enough."

Dean's shoulders tense, and he pulls back before she can touch him. "What kind of double-cross—"

"With the things the two of you have done," she interrupts, and her laugh is subtly wrong somehow, like powdered glass in Sam's ears, "the sins you've committed? Little Sammy's already got a one-way ticket to Hell. No double-cross, Dean. I don't need to. You already did the heavy lifting for me when you started fucking your brother."

Sam's breath catches for an instant. "Don't listen to her, Dean," he says, his voice rough and his hands