to tangle their fingers. Magnus responded. Lacing his fingers between those of the shadowhunter and closing them. Squeezing tight. The shadowhunter followed and interlocked their fingers. They both braced themselves because they both knew what was to come. And they both held onto each other's hand like a lifeline.

The friction this ghostly touch caused was gratifying and Alec trembled under it. Trying his best to keep his voice to a minimum but he couldn't help but let the sounds slip out. The ghostly touch slid over Alec's erection at a fast yet firm pace. Alec's hips gained their own life as they started to roll to meet the movement of that blue glow. Alec's breathing became even more uneven. Littered with small moans and gasps.

The sounds from behind him made shivers crawl up Magnus' back. The tingling sensation spread forward to the front and down to his lower regions. It were the sounds and the sensation of his magic on Alec's body that made the warlock harden and aroused. Excited but unable to do anything about it. 

Faster it went. Faster and better and Alec felt his body melt and his mind crumble under the touch until all that was left was a white haze. Alec nearly lost his sense of self. For a moment, he was alone in the universe, drowning out everything else. Then his mind crashed back to earth when he reached his heights. He tumbled over the edge so sudden he had no control over what spilled from his lips. 

"Magnus!"

The warlock shook and panted and whispered.

"Alexander"

The room was filled with the scent of pheromones and arousal. Filled with sex and sweat and ice. Magnus kept holding Alec's hand until the Shadowhunter stopped squeezing. He had calmed down enough. The warlock was at his limit now. He pulled his hand back and got up. He walked straight to the door without once looking back. He opened it and closed it behind him. Missing the quiet whisper of Alec who told him: "Thank you"

Leaning against the dark wood while his heart hammered in his chest. Magnus had almost turned to look. When Alec called his name, Magnus nearly lost it. It was dangerous. Very dangerous. And now he was painfully hard as well. A victim to the Siren's poison in a second degree. 

He barely made it. But he made it.

A relieving kiss...

4 hours in... 

Magnus could not believe he resisted so well. Up until the very last moment that he heard Alec come undone. It had been a risk to help him and part of him hadn't thought that he could make it without losing his control. But they were in separated rooms again and Alec had been resting. Temporarily relieved from the pressure that this poison put on his body. Magnus knew the young shadowhunter suffered. But it was truly a better option then to become a slave to one of those wicked sirens.

Magnus himself had an incident years ago on which he had witnessed the making of a slave and barely escaped a similar fate himself. The male siren he was dating back then wasn't worth the trouble. And Magnus was definitely not going to allow any of them to turn him or anyone he cared about into a slave. Especially not this precious young shadowhunter currently in his care.

Despite his capability of remaining a gentleman, Magnus realized he was effected by Alec's state. The evidence had been clear when he fled the room with his erection straining in his pants. It wasn't fair. He was attracted to Alec. And eventually he wanted nothing more then to join the young shadowhunter and make him melt under his fingers. To have him so intimately. But he didn't want that if Alec's own feelings were compromised. The lure influenced his behavior until it had worn off. And Magnus couldn't be certain how Alec would feel about it once he was in control of his own emotions again. His craving and his sense were not on the same line as the Warlock had already discovered the last time they met.

Alec was a very sober young man. Perhaps a little too much duty bound. Focusing on his obligations rather then anything else. To have this happen to him must have caused such a switch.. The warlock wasn't sure what the damage would be once this was over. Embarrassment seemed a certainty. But besides that, there could be a lot more. Shame perhaps. Although the warlock couldn't imagine anyone being ashamed for relieving themselves when it saves them from pain and torture.

Magnus had used up a lot of energy to help Alec in the way that he did. The Warlock sprawled himself out on the couch to recharge. While his mind ran wild with what happened in the bedroom earlier. Those thoughts wouldn't leave him alone and no matter how hard he tried he couldn't ban those sounds Alec had produced out of his head. He could still hear Alec moan in his head and though he hadn't looked, he could imagine that body moving quickly with each shaky breath, reflecting the light in a thin