disappears from back where he came. 

“Next time don’t lie,” says Liam.

And all Louis can think of is how does he know?

*   *   *   *   *

After ten minutes or what Louis feels is ten minutes, he is exhausted and the thrumming inside of his bum hasn’t broken rhythm. It pummels inside of him, draining his energy until he is undeniably feeble and weak. 

Liam has not returned and Louis wonders when he will. Also, Louis still wonders how Liam knew that he was . . . questioning. Was it really that obvious? He did try to hide it from the boys because he was with Eleanor. 

Eleanor . . . what was going to happen with her now?

On one hand, he did like Eleanor. She had great hair, a great sense of fashion and knew how to apply make-up . . . Wow that does sound a little gay, Louis says to himself. 

He chuckled, squirming in his confines. 

“Li,” he says breathlessly. 

And as if on cue, Liam appears near the bedpost he had leaned on earlier. 

As Louis stares at him, his eyes have purified, and he looks at Louis as if he is someone to be treasured . . . loved. And as if Liam can hear Louis’s thoughts, he removes the machine dildo and the continuous, vibrating feeling leaves him somewhat . . . empty. 

Louis feels his body squirm from the loss of contact and Liam’s eyes are widening, if only a small fraction. Slowly, Liam reaches onto the bed, pulling up something rubbery when it’s in Louis’s range of vision. 

Louis’s eyes widen considerably and he gasps when he notices how long and thick it is. “Was that really inside of me?” he asks, feeling a little embarrassed when he does. 

Liam glances to Louis and shakes his head. 

“No,” he says. “This is Round Two. The first one was a vibrator that was only six inches. This,” he turns in his hands, “is an eight inch dildo that I will be controlling myself. You like it?” 

Louis blushes. “It’s so big, I don’t think it can fit,” he says. 

Liam smiles widely. 

Walking around to the side of Louis’s head, Liam hangs the plastic dildo over Louis’s mouth. “Why don’t you lubricate it a bit,” says Liam, resting it onto Louis’s lips. 

Blushing incredulously, Louis’s mouth slowly parts open and the dildo sinks in until its in back of his throat. At first, Louis gags and he hears a growl rip through the air. 

Louis lifts his head from the bed, feeling as if his hair weighs a ton, and rolls his tongue around the length of the dildo. Louis feels Liam move the dildo back and forth inside of his mouth until Liam pulls it out completely. 

“Enough,” Liam says. “You tease, my dear Lou. It’s hard to control my urges when you tease me so.” 

Liam sighs. 

“It was already hard for me to watch the vibrator fucking you and seeing how . . . responsive you were.”

“Watching me,” Louis gasps. 

Liam simply nods. 

“There’s a recliner a few feet away from the bed and I’ve been watching it pummel into you. I was a second away from stopping it myself.” 

Liam chuckles lightly. 

“It’s kind of funny being jealous of a toy. Especially now when your mouth was on this dildo. There are so much things I want to do to you but I have to get you comfortable before I fuck you.”

“Li,” Louis says breathlessly, again. 

Another growl rips through the air. 

“Please don’t tease me Louis. It must be the other way around.” 

Liam walks back to the front of the bed and kneels near Louis’s entrance. 

“Now I’m gonna penetrate you with the dildo and after you’ve come accustomed to the size, I’m going to fuck you with my cock.”

Louis blushes. “How big is it? Your dick.”

“Bigger than the vibrator and dildo,” Liam whispers before slipping the dildo inside of Louis’s hole. 

Louis quickly tightens around the dildo, gritting his teeth from another intrusion. The dildo is more filling then the vibrator and Louis can’t still grasp the concept of how it fit so perfectly inside of him. He bites down on his lower lip, hearing another hiss enter the air. 

Opening his eyes, he notices Liam staring at him as he moves around, trying to cause more friction. Liam’s eyes are eagerly intense and Louis can’t help himself, he’s asking Liam to fuck him. 

The thrusts are unbearably slow and rough. 

Liam pulls the dildo until it is slipping out, then shoves it back into Louis, building a pattern. Louis moans from the contact, wishing his hands were free so they could grab onto something. 

“Fuck me Li,” Louis calls out breathlessly. “Just fuck me