to go shag a tree. -SH


Oh. Well then.


His face was quite priceless. -SH


Oh?


You'd think he actually shags trees. -SH


Ha!


He probably does. -SH

You're alright, mate.
-------

I'm worthless. -SH

No one is worthless.
-------

If you were real you'd hate me. -SH


I wouldn't.


That's okay, everyone hates me. -SH

I don't.
-------

You should see London today. The sun has been out for almost six hours straight. -SH


It's beautiful, isn't it?


It's hateful. -SH


You just aren't looking at it right.


The Legos are falling, John. -SH

How do you know my name?
-------

I didn't mean to do that. -SH


Do what?


To give you a name, I mean. -SH


Give me a... do you mean John?


John seems fitting. -SH


Ha. You'd be surprised.


Like a John Doe. -SH


Oh.


Clever.
-------

John.

I'm here.
-------

Anderson took my phone. -SH


He's a fucking twat.


He threw it from the upstairs chemistry lab window. -SH


Punch him. Just punch him for me.


Lestrade told him off. -SH


Good. That bloke's okay.


The screen is cracked. -SH


I'm sorry.


Father says he'll buy me another one. -SH


Well that's good.


I don't think I want another. -SH

Oh.
-------

Mycroft saw me crying in my room. -SH


You were crying?


Stupid git. -SH


But he means well.


I'll lock my door from now on. -SH

Don't... Don't do anything rash.
-------

No one wants me around. -SH


I want you around.


I don't blame them. -SH


I need you around.


I am a freak. -SH

Dammit!
-------

I think S. Brook's 6th Symphony would suit you.-SH


Haven't heard it. I'll look it up now.


It's rather nostalgic. Reminiscent. -SH

Am I nostalgic? 

You should listen to it sometime, John. -SH

I am. It's beautiful.
-------

Maybe I should disappear. -SH

Please... Please don't.
-------

I think maybe I should. -SH


Don't.



Don't, you hear me?



I fucking swear you better not—


Hold on.
 
I don't think you should. -JW


You stupid kid.



I'm here.


I care.
-------

John waited hours for a reply.

Days.

A week.

John waited.

And waited.

To the sound of loneliness and silence.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Eight days was his limit. Eight days of nothing, not a single word. His mobile would ring; it would turn out to be a mate from school or his sister, never the right person. The silence was unsettling, and it drove John into subconscious fits of pacing, jumping at every sound that resembled the chime of a phone and he couldn't let go of the bloody thing. Everywhere he went the phone went with, and John had never been one to depend on something as trivial as a piece of plastic and wiring. He couldn't miss anything, not that there had been anything to miss but just in case. The day he set it down could very well be the day it rang and then--

What, exactly, John hadn't really thought of quite yet.

But it had been eight days. John could never quite peg what it was the nagged him so; this situation wasn't familiar, the entity in question far from any other person he had ever come into contact with. Yet he jogged about these bothersome thoughts with personal acquaintance as if he knew the dangers of it first hand. As if he knew, over a week of no word from this nameless, faceless ghost, meant bad things.

John didn't know that at all. But it didn't stop the panic.

On the ninth day it was everything John could do to stop himself from checking his phone, despite the fact that it wasn't actually ringing. He opened a new draft multiple times, began to write things that didn't make any sense, deleted them all. The itch to hear something, anything from the kid on the other end of a blank screen was becoming an all consuming thing and it wound John up in ugly knots. He was losing here, losing a war he hadn't even enlisted in and the only way to win was to send a fucking text but how to even begin something like this? Where was the normalcy in any of it?

John sighed and slumped further into the plush of his mattress, eying up at the phone in his hands with itching frustration.

He could send a text. He should. But what