looked down at his paper as a small smile tugged at his lips. “I find it much more enjoyable than I initially presumed.”

 

Sam laughed suddenly, “You certainly sound like someone who reads a lot,” he said.

 

“Ignore him, Cas. Don’t you have some homework to do or a certain girl named Jess to keep texting?”

 

Sam set Dean with an unamused stare as he stood up. “I’ll be back when the pizza’s here, which is on you today, Dean.”

 

As the door shut behind Sam, Dean leaned over and whispered with a laugh, “It’s always on me.”

 

A shiver went down Cas’ spine as Dean’s lips brushed so close to his ear, with the slightly gravelly tone. He hadn’t felt this way with anyone in a long time, and it sent his stomach into knots.

 

Castiel gulped and looked back down at his book, willing his heart to slow down and forcing himself to look anywhere but at Dean and the hundred little freckles that littered across the top of his nose and cheeks, or the small hint of stubble along his strong jaw, or the way his shirt clung tightly to his sides. Castiel shook his head slightly at himself.

 


*****


 

Two empty pizza boxes lay between the three of them as they sat on Dean’s floor. The paper cut-outs of a heart, a kidney, and lung were tucked inside Castiel’s book for safe-keeping. He felt sick from the amount of pizza he’d eaten and had been surprised to see Sam tuck away just as much food as his brother. The kid was scrawny but probably not for very long. Castiel liked him, he was a lot like Dean in some ways with a sharp wit, but he was also more immature and selfish. It was easy to see that Dean had been shoved into a parent role for his brother, but they both cared immensely for one another. Having been an only child, it was something that Castiel envied and wished he’d had growing up.

 

Dean stood up and stretched, groaning and complaining about how full he was. Castiel moved to Dean’s bed and sat down on it, giving his ass a welcome rest from the hard floor. Dean picked up the empty pizza boxes and stepped around his brother who was still sprawled across the floor, working on his math homework.

 

“I’ll be back, going to toss these in the trash,” Dean said with a smile.

 

A door downstairs opened and slammed loudly, and Castiel watched as the smile drained from Dean’s face. Sam sat straight up and looked worryingly towards his brother. Shit.

 

“Dad’s home,” Dean said dryly. Castiel grabbed his backpack and placed his book back inside it quickly, following Dean down the stairs.

 

“You tell that asshole Bobby Singer that I quit,” Dean’s father yelled from inside the kitchen. Castiel heard the clink of several bottles.

 

They nearly collided with him as they rounded the corner from the stairs, and Castiel could tell why Dean had been so cautious to invite him over. The man stunk like alcohol. He would have been good-looking if not for the dark circles under his eyes and the thick stubble around his jaw. He and Dean shared many of the same features, minus Dean’s kind eyes.

 

“Who’s this?”

 

“A friend. We were just working on a project,” Dean replied curtly.

 

Castiel stood slightly taller. “I’m Castiel,” he said, holding the other man’s gaze.

 

“Did I say you could have guests?”

 

“No,” Dean said, averting his eyes.

 

“No, what?”

 

“No, sir,” Dean said, his body going stiff.

 

Dean’s father glared between them before pushing forward towards his bedroom. “Don’t forget what I said about Singer,” he called out behind him before slamming the bedroom door.

 

Dean let out a huge sigh and motioned for Cas to follow him. They stepped outside the front door and Dean hung his head.

 

“I’m so sorry about that, man.”

 

“It’s okay, I understand,” Cas said reassuringly.

 

Dean rubbed his hand along the back of his neck as he glanced back towards the ground. “So I guess, I’ll uh, see you at school tomorrow?”

 

Castiel nodded, unsure of how to remedy the situation. He made a mental note to send Dean a text later that night. “I’ll see you later, Dean.”

 

Thankfully Dean didn’t offer to drive Cas home,, otherwise Dean would realize that Castiel didn’t have the most traditional home.

 

 





Dean tapped his pencil along the side of the table as he glared at the questions on the test in front of him. He could hear the turning of the pages as the other students in the classroom breezed through quickly, particularly Cas to his right.

 

As if it wasn’t painful enough to have to read “A Tale of Two Cities”, but to be tested on it along with an essay portion.