? First glance exchanged, first meeting the parents, first time Marius blushed?” Enjolras teases.

“Are you actually being serious right now?” She stared at her brother until he began to twitch under the scrutiny.

“What? Is it your birthday or something?”

“Oh my god, Enjolras, its Valentine’s Day!”

“Oh.”

“Are you really telling me that you have nothing planned for R?”

“I mean, it’s not really our thing…”

His sister looked at him for a long time before sighing.

“You, my dear, are a lost cause.”

 

Meanwhile, Marius was talking with Grantaire while waiting for Cosette to be ready, as she told him she would be at her brother’s apartment. He was dressed sharply, what with the suit and the bowtie. Marius had been quite surprised to learn that Grantaire had absolutely no plans for this night, but he decided not to comment on it. (He learned quite early in his relationship with Cosette not to make any comments on her brother and his boyfriend’s love life, and really even if he liked R, Enjolras was still frightening him from time to time). At long last, the door to Enjolras and Grantaire’s bedroom opened and Cosette stepped in, dressed to the nine, followed by an Enjolras who looked like he suffered a four hours long session of torture.  Grantaire whistled.

 

“Looks like you guys have fancy plans ahead of you!”

“Yes, she’s taking me to dinner and then I got us tickets for the ballet”, Marius beamed, “we saved up for months for this”

Cosette couldn’t help herself:

“It’s really a pity that you guys will stay in for Valentine’s Day like an old couple!”

Enjolras blushed. “Well… R and I aren’t really into big dates and all that… right?” Grantaire cleared his throat, a strange look on his face.

“Right.”

 

            Marius and Cosette chatted a bit more, then left so as to make it on time to their dinner reservations. A strangely awkward silence filled the room once the couple was gone, before Grantaire mumbled that he wanted to take a shower and rushed to the bathroom. Once alone in the living room, Enjolras allowed himself to freak out a bit. What if R wanted them to celebrate Valentine’s Day? What if he had waited for Enjolras to invite him to dinner or something? He didn’t want to disappoint his boyfriend. He had to think, and quickly. It was too late to make reservations or plan something now, so he had to improvise with what he finds in their flat. He could cook something, but he was running short on time. What else would be good for Valentine’s Day? Then he had a revelation: sex. Sex was good. He liked it, Grantaire liked it, and it was an activity meant to be done together. Yes, it was a bit cliché, but Enjolras really didn’t care about that at this moment. He took off his clothes, folded them neatly and tried to adopt a suggestive pose, “trying” being the key word here. Now he just had to wait for his boyfriend to finish his shower.

 

            During this very moment, said boyfriend was slightly panicking and calling Jehan.

 

“Dude, dude, I know I’m a bit late, but how could I have possibly thought that Enjolras wanted something for Valentine’s Day? We’ve never done anything before! But here he had this weird look on his face when Cosette and Marius were telling us their plan for the night, and he kept looking at me with a frown, like he was expecting something. Anyway, now here I am, and I need you, please Jehan, I’ll love you forever. All right, all you have to do is lending your garden for a few hours? Pretty please? I’ll order take out and bring my guitar or something. Really? You’re okay with it? Oh, Prouvaire, you are the best!”

 

After Jehan had assured him for the umpteenth time that it really was no problem (because “hey, it’s not because I’m aromantic that I don’t understand romance, dude!”), Grantaire hung up and proceeded to go grab nicer clothes in the closet before telling his boyfriend about the totally-planned program for the night.  

 

It came out as quite as surprise to find said boyfriend buck-naked in the living-room, in a sort-of “draw me like one of your French girl” pose.

 

“Oh my gods Enj what the hell?! Not that I’m complaining, don’t get me wrong, but still… what?”

Enjolras got up, blushing red.

“I just didn’t know what to give you for Valentine’s Day, okay! Marius and Cosette have all those greats things planned and I felt like I wasn’t showing you enough how much I love you? I don’t know it’s stupid please forget it and –”.His rambling was