weakly, Castiel replies, “Why not? You’ve taken some pretty big fish, after all.” His face is pale, shadows bruising the skin under his eyes, and Dean thinks he suddenly looks old, has an abstract second when he ponders how many miles Jimmy Novak had clocked before Castiel absorbed him into the fabric of his own being.

Dean looks down, studies the sword, tracks from the incandescent metal to the angel again. And he pulls back, swift and aggressive, an echo of the blow he just landed, the blade catching the moonlight and flaring. At the last minute, as the sword rams into the wall beside his head, Castiel closes his eyes.

The universe stands still for a fraction of a second and then Dean leans in close, cups Castiel’s face with both hands. “How could you think that of me?” he says, gentle because his rage is abruptly gone, melting away like ice in the sun, and because even now this is what he needs and where he wants to be, this connection is magnetic, and he’s moving in closer, dragging his thumb through the blood that smears Castiel’s nose and top lip.

Castiel opens his eyes, his gaze dubious. “I don’t really know what to think any more, Dean,” he offers faintly, but he’s moving in too, nuzzling under Dean’s jaw as Dean lays kisses on his face, tongue trailing through coppery fluid.

Dean starts the clumsy, backward shuffle to the couch almost subconsciously, leading Castiel with him, pushing the trench coat and jacket down off the angel’s shoulders to puddle on the floor as they go. He falls back onto the upholstery, pulling Castiel down with him in a tangle of limbs, and it’s suddenly frenzied and racing away from him. But for all that, he’s thinking and plotting, and it’s calculated, deliberate, maybe even cynical. He’s doing the math, because he can maybe fuck Castiel into bending to his will, and he knows it’s emotional blackmail but he doesn’t care. His tongue is rasping its way across Castiel’s stubble and Castiel is mouthing his jaw, mumbling desperate, nonsensical words and phrases against his skin as he roams warm, wild hands up inside Dean’s tee to range across his torso and clutch at his back. He plants wet, bloody, fervent kisses on Dean, and Dean is licking back, sucking on Castiel’s tongue and nipping at his lips. He fumbles his hands down to Castiel’s belt, ripping at the buckle, and he groans at the friction as the angel grinds his crotch hard on the bulge that already tents his jeans.

Castiel pulls up and back, starts picking feverishly at the buttons on Dean’s fly, biting his lips as he concentrates, but he doesn’t look at Dean and Dean thinks maybe he knows what this is. He lifts his hips as the fabric starts sliding down, sits up to rip his tee off, and starts hauling at Castiel’s own pants. Stripped naked, Castiel falls on him, body hard and desperate as he bites at Dean’s throat, cock rigid and hungry against Dean’s.

“Don’t do this,” Dean mutters, as he rakes his fingers hard down Castiel’s back, feeling skin scrape off under his nails as he does. “Stay here with me.” He crashes their mouths together again, teeth clashing and colliding as he fucks his tongue as deep inside as he can. “We can fix it,” he says breathlessly. “Cas. We can.”

Castiel moans out a low cry and his tongue slides frantically between Dean’s lips. And then he’s gone, licking stripes and splotches down Dean’s torso, hand tight and urgent on Dean’s dick, and his mouth a sudden, soaking, searing heat that makes Dean whine, high-pitched and strangled. Castiel sluices the head of his cock with saliva, suckling it frantically, scraping it with sharp teeth, and Dean yelps, thrusts up, hands gripping and twisting in Castiel’s hair as he forces him down to the root. He feels Castiel’s throat constrict and swallow around him, but the angel is distracted, fraught, pulls off with a damp pop, and now he’s lifting Dean’s leg, pushing it back and his tongue is lapping at Dean’s balls and trailing on further down, circling his rim insistently and sloppily.

Dean cranes his neck, mesmerized, as Castiel heaves his ass up off the couch and drapes a leg over each shoulder. He pushes in along to Dean’s incoherent, choked-out lust, opening Dean up with his tongue. It’s deep, slick, messy, greedy, filthy, unholy, and Dean can feel the sounds Castiel is making reverberate straight up inside him, feel the angel’s lips pressed around him there, in the most intimate of kisses. He feels a thicker prod and slide now, digits plunging in to that sparking place inside him