further you can tell me." He makes good on his word, smoothing his hand down her spine, caressing. She leans into the touch. "Good. Just feel that for a while." He trails his hand up and down her back, testing, seeing what she likes. The delicate touches make her shudder the most. Apparently, she likes a bit of a tease.

 
"I'm gonna go a little farther. This okay?" He slides his arm around her waist, fingers light as they venture across her ribs. She tilts her head back, sighing.


"What do you want me to do now?" he asks her. His hand rests just under her breasts, almost touching, but not quite. Not yet.

 
"I-- Touch me, please." Lavellan leans back against him.

 
"Gonna have to be specific, boss." Bull doesn't bother to hide his grin. "You gotta tell me where."


She shivers. "I don't know. I don't..." Bull rubs circles just under her breast, letting her feel it when his thumb catches just under the curve of it. She squirms. "There. Please..."


He keeps doing what he's doing, waiting.


The Inquisitor gasps. "My breasts," she grates finally, voice tight. "I want you to touch my--" she breaks off, lets out a high-pitched cry as Iron Bull suddenly moves both hands up to her breasts, fondling her through her shirt.

 
"Like that?"


"Yes, but, more..." She shakes her head and her back arches into his touch.


"More?" He grabs her a little harder, gives her an experimental squeeze. "Good?"


"Yes. Yes."


He does only that for a while, enjoying the little sounds she makes, thrilling every time she pushes into his hands. He lowers his head and brushes his lips against the side of her neck, and she keens.


Sensitive. So sensitive. It's getting harder to be gentle, but there's plenty of time for the rough stuff later, he tells himself, when she's good and ready for it.

 
"I'm gonna set you on my lap now. That all right?"


"What?"

 
He lifts her up, seats her across his thighs, one arm around her shoulders and the other still playing with her tits. She doesn't protest, so he tilts her head up to look at him.


"I'm gonna kiss you now," he tells her.

 
He tries to make it gentle and slow, but she gasps against his mouth and he can't resist the urge to deepen the kiss. She makes a surprised sound when he flicks his tongue into her mouth, but she doesn't pull away. She squirms on his lap, ass brushing up against his cock, and he breaks away to snarl.

 
"Careful," he says. "Don't tempt me."


He kisses her again, not even bothering with gentleness this time. It's a dirty kiss, a kiss that just screams I'm gonna pound you into the mattress. She keeps up her restless movements, like she just can't stop herself. Iron Bull unravels a little more.


He abruptly slides her off his lap and onto the bed. She looks up at him, eyes wide. He leans over her and knows it's probably intimidating, and he can't help really liking her look of almost-fear. He can tell what she must be thinking: Oh gods, he's so big. What will it be like? Will he hurt me?


 He kisses her, and this time it's gentle, a brush of lips. "Tell me what you want," he says.


She shakes her head, though it's not a refusal-- more like she's trying to get her thoughts to line up properly again. "Bull," she breathes against his mouth. And then: "Touch me. Everywhere. Anywhere. I just want."


He's merciful. Bull slides his hands wherever he pleases, cupping a breast, tracing the line of her hip, brushing his fingers oh-so lightly up her thighs. She moves against his hand, sighing, encouraging.


He dips his fingers down when he reaches the apex of her legs, just brushing her through the fabric of her pants, and she practically arches off the bed. He keeps it up, starting slow, almost teasing. Her knees instinctively try to draw together; when he pushes her legs open wide, she wails.


Her damned clothes are starting to piss him off. He wants to see her, every inch of her. He wants to see if her blush goes all the way down to her tits. He wants to rub his fingers against her cunt and see if she's wet for him. Bull bites back a snarl of frustration. Slow. Take it slow.


He keeps up his delicate touches until she's grasping at the sheets. "Is this enough?" he asks her as he strokes. "