him with shaky hands and a startled expression.

“It’s tonight. I think its tonight. We’re… Tom and I-“ Liam sits down and Louis feels the familiar pain in his chest. He wants to take Liam by the shoulders and shake him while screaming “Don’t do it!” Instead he plasters a supportive look on his face.

“Everything will be fine.” He offers without meaning. Liam doesn’t look at him and nods.

-

“Do any of your friends need a shag?”

“What?” Harry asks incredulously on the other line.

“Harry!” Louis says exasperatingly. “Liam is going out with Tom tonight, to have sex for the first time, which I helped him prepare for, as in I fingered him and now I get a terrible erection that won’t go away whenever I think about it so I’m asking you, for the love of God, do any of your friends need a bloody shag?”

“Oh, shit. Yeah, I’ll find out.”

-

Louis sits at the bar, his hands clasped around his pint. He looks and feels miserable, the sadness aching in his chest. Harry had agreed to set him up with someone who was willing, a new low for Louis.

Someone sets a glass of beer across the table from Louis and he looks up.

“Are you serious?” Louis says to the tall, quiffed figure of Nick Grimshaw. He shakes his head. “No, no chance.”

Nick rolled his eyes and slid into the booth, unwinding his scarf from his neck as he did so.

“I’m not having sex with you.” Louis says hastily. Nick pauses as he takes his leather jacket off.

“Alright then.” He says and Louis eyes him with an air of confusion.

“Harry said-“

“Harry said nothing about having sex with you.”

“Oh.” Louis says.

“Disappointed?”

“No.” Louis shoots back scornfully; he sneers at Nick and takes a large gulp of his beer.

“Are you having some problems, princess?” Nick says airily and takes a sip of his own.

“No. Are you? Harry said he’d set me up with someone desperate.”

“Bloody twink, I’m not desperate!” Louis smirks at him over the rim of his glass.

“What’s wrong with you?” Nick asks bluntly. “Is it to do your puppy? Your flatmate?”

Louis splutters and wipes beer off his chin.

“So it is?” Nick asks with interest.

Louis shakes his head, then shrugs and nods and eventually just throws his hands up in the air in frustration. He’s a mess really.

“It’s complicated… Need to take my mind off it.”

“Sounds it.” Nick says. “I’ll get you another beer.”

-

Louis giggles into Nick’s shoulder as he fumbles for the key to his flat. He’s more than a little tipsy.

“Shh Louis.” Nick says, equally as tipsy. “I’m trying to concentrate.”

“Hurry up.” Louis wines and bites into his shoulder. He’s absolutely aching to take off his clothes and fall into bed.  Eventually Nick manoeuvres the key in the lock and they stumble into his flat with their arms around each other.

“Nice place.” Louis says appreciatively as he scans the room. “A bit too posh for my liking though.”

“You’re the snob here.” Nick snorts and tugs at his t-shirt. Louis smiles smugly and pulls away from Nick.

He wanders through the hallway and ends up in the kitchen. Nick follows him and pulls wine glasses out of the cupboard.

“You want some, princess?”

“Yes.” Louis replies and hoists himself up on the counter. He rests his hands behind him, flat on the counter and cocks his head to side as he looks at Nick pouring wine into glasses. He finally finishes and places a glass next to Louis. He doesn’t touch it and instead stares at Nick, waiting.

Nick sidles up to him and slots himself between Louis’ legs and his large hands splay on Louis’ knees. Nick is tall enough to be at Louis’ exact height and Louis grins as Nick leans in to suck on his neck. It feels incredible.

Louis lets out a giggle and moves his head to connect his lips with Nick’s. He immediately slips his tongue into his mouth, a little too needy and desperate. He hates this about himself but doesn’t care enough to stop.

Nick leans into him and Louis’ back bends. One of the hands that Louis is resting his weight on slips and hits something square and it makes a noise as it hits the wall. Louis twists to look at what he hit. It’s a toaster, bright and red.

“Hey, Liam and I have this toaster.” Fuck. Sobriety sweeps through Louis and he stares at it forlornly. Nick pulls away from Louis and wrinkles his nose in annoyance.

It’s the exact same toaster he and Liam bought together when