other just the other night.”

“The other night?”

“What, you forgot already?” Mitsuba snapped again but Shinoa shook her head.

“It wasn’t the other night, that was two weeks ago.”

“T-two weeks?”

“Yeah, I was kinda sad too that we didn’t see each other again,” Shinoa said with a pout, “I even went to the bar a few times when I had time off and- Mitsuba? What’s wrong?”

“No, no, this can’t be true,” Mitsuba whispered over and over again as she crouched down and looked clipboard placed at the end of her bed. What she didn’t notice was that she was slowly sinking into the floor and Shinoa didn’t say anything about it since it would only make Mitsuba freak out more about it.

“Hey hey,” Shinoa called out but it didn’t seem to grab her attention, “I mean, I know that death and everything doesn’t mix well with humans, but you do this thing… uh, it’s like a list of things you want to do before you die. What did you humans call it?”

“A bucket list,” Mitsuba stated in a monotone voice and Shinoa felt a pang of guilt.

“If… if I said today was your last day, what did you want to do… before you move on…”

“I want to go to the zoo.”

“Zoo?”

“I…” Mitsuba blushed when she realized what she said, “Forget it!”

“What’s a zoo?” Shinoa asked and Mitsuba looked up in surprise.

“You… don’t know what it is?” Mitsuba asked and Shinoa shook her head. Mitsuba stood up again, her feet still hidden below the tiled floor. “Well, a zoo is, uh, it’s a place where they keep animals, and you pay to go see them. Wow, that actually sounds really terrible now that I say.”

“Ooooh, animals?” Shinoa said, acting excited to get Mitsuba out of her current mood, “Say, we should go to the zoo!”

“What?” Mitsuba said, gawking at the reaper. Shinoa nodded as if she had a plan. Just a second ago, Shinoa had no idea what a zoo was so Mitsuba didn’t think it was a good idea to leave, even if the reaper herself said it was fine. “I rather get back into my body first. I’ll take a raincheck on it.”

“What if I said this is your last day before you die?”

The thought finally sank in and Mitsuba became quiet. She didn’t want to die yet. There were so many things she still wanted to do before this moment came, yet her chances were robbed before she could even try to escape the terrible conditions that she put herself into years ago.

“Is there really no more chance for me to keep living?” Mitsuba asked quietly and looked up at Shinoa with a solemn expression.

“I’m a reaper of death. I do not grant life or death. I simply follow the orders of nature.”

“I see.”

A silence befell the room and the sounds of whirling machinery and soft breathing could be heard in the room.

“So, let’s go to the zoo?”

~ Even to Death I Follow ~

“Ooooh! What’s that! What’s that!” Shinoa asked as she walked, or floated, around the animal.

“It’s a lion,” Mitsuba replied. It was weird being inside of the enclosure instead of looking from afar.

Also, being a ghost, as she called this, meant that others didn’t notice her or Shinoa and they were basically free to do whatever they want. It was the first time in a long time since she’s been to the zoo, but this is much cooler, being able to be so close to the animals.

“Let’s go check out the next one,” Shinoa said and grabbed into Mitsuba’s arm as they floated over to the next enclosure.

Mitsuba was glad they were here, even with death looming over her head literally. Shinoa seemed to be having fun too as they went from animal to animal. Mitsuba wanted to at least be there to help the reaper understand what the animals are. Mitsuba could remember the time she came here with her sister when she was younger.

There was a field trip at school during her elementary years to the zoo, but her parents refused to let Mitsuba go because she got 89 on her English test, one mark shy from 90. Aoi took it upon herself to bring Mitsuba to the zoo herself. It was a secret they kept from their parents but it was also one of the more cherished memories Mitsuba had of her childhood.

“Are you okay?” Mitsuba looked at Shinoa but noticed that her vision blurred with tears. She lifted a hand to wipe away the tears and gave her a small smile.

“I’m fine. Thanks for coming here with me, I really appreciate it,” Mitsuba said and