spanking. He considers the sweetly reddened buttocks in his lap. The boy is utterly pliant, sobbing quietly, waiting.

He hadn't planned on taking this any further. He was simply going to leave the boy like this, walk out, disappear, start over. Nothing he hasn't done before. And yet at times he has felt an aching sympathy for this child. In those rare moments when the boy is alone and sober, when he's not acting one of his many roles, he can be sweet and funny and charming. He can look so lost and so lonely when he is on his own in that huge house.

As he wonders, Bones rubs his hand gently over the rosy cheeks, trails his fingers speculatively down the crack of that peachy ass, tickles the softly crinkled skin at the back of the balls. The boy whimpers softly as Bones rocks his firm thigh up against that swelling cock. He feels in the pockets of the ruined pants until he finds the tube of lube that he knew Jimmy would be carrying.

"Boy!" He slaps him once hard on the ass to get his attention.

"Sir?" The boy's voice is a wavering mess of tears.

Bones presses a lubed fingertip against the rosy pucker. "Have you ever taken it up the ass boy?"

"No!" Jimmy protests. "I don't do that!"

"But do you want to do it?" Bones asks, letting his voice carry a steady authority. "Don't lie to me. I know you." He rubs his fingers gently over and around the tight hole, pushing teasingly in and out with a fingertip. "Do you want me to give you the reaming that you so richly deserve?"

The boy whimpers.

"Answer me!"

"Yes." It is a barely whispered admission. The boy is trembling beneath his hand.

"Yes, who?"

"Yes, sir!"

Bones pushes in hard and suddenly, burying two lubed fingers up to the knuckles in those velvet-soft virgin depths. The boy writhes on his lap, moaning so prettily.

Bones takes his time, with two fingers and then three, enjoying the sight of Jimmy shivering and whimpering on his lap. He needs to think clearly about this. It has already gone far further than he ever expected, except perhaps in his darkest, dirtiest fantasies once he had poured the child into his bed and was lying in his own, unable to sleep, seeking relief with his own hand.

He is damned if Jimmy is going to get to cry rape in the morning. The boy is not getting it until he's gagging for it. He picks him up bodily and dumps him face-down on the bed. He cuts the cable-ties and pushes Jimmy's arms up above his head, pulling his shirt off and using it to tie the boy's wrists together. At this point the boy could wriggle free if he chose to. Bones notes with sour amusement that he makes no effort to do so. He pulls the shoes off and then rips the black pants clean through at the groin, pushing the remnants down past the thighs.

"Face down on the bed, knees tucked up under you, thighs spread, ass high. Do it!" he orders. The boy scrambles to comply. Bones pulls the reddened ass cheeks open and blows gently onto the abused pucker that lies hidden between them. Jimmy shivers, goose bumps breaking out down the long lean line of his back. Damn but he is beautiful, Bones thinks, laid out like a feast for his master's consumption.

He licks a long wet line from the perineum to the pucker and then laves the tight ring of muscle with his tongue. Jimmy jerks and moans, and then pushes back against the hot mouth. Bones works his hole with hands and mouth, using his fingers to slowly stretch the small opening and then licking inside with his tongue. The boy is producing a soft stream of breathy curses, trembling as he tries to hold still under Bones' ministrations.

"Do you like this, baby?" The endearment slips out before Bones can stop himself.

"Yes, sir," comes the soft, prompt response.

"Do you want me to fuck your ass, boy? Fill this hot tight hole with my cock, buried up to the balls inside you?"

"Yes, sir."

"Ask me for what you want."

"Sir?"

"You want it, boy, you're going to have to beg for it."

"I don't beg!" And there is a flash of Jimmy Kirk's knee-jerk arrogance. Bones is reluctantly impressed.

He presses his thumb into the boy's anus and uses his fingers to squeeze the heavy balls to the point of pain. "You beg for me, baby.  You beg me, and I'll look after you, just the way you need it."

And that sends a convulsive shiver through Jimmy. There is a long silence but Bones knows how to wait. Much of his life is spent waiting.

When Jimmy finally speaks his voice is