, it's just down the road from here." He said showing Cas the picture and they started talking quietly about their plans while Sam smirked at Gabriel.

"Ten bucks says they have the baby the old fashion way with Cas as a girl." Sam said and Gabriel smirked. "Twenty says they do it the same ways as us but have twins." Gabriel bargained and they shook on it before heading back to put the food away and take Melody to her room.


Rule three: Once the first two steps have been completed you must now produce your offspring. This can be done in one of several ways including sexual intercourse, a soul merging spell, or in special situations by a life siphon.


Castiel blushed as he looked at himself in the mirror, or rather herself... He and Dean had talked for a good week after purchasing their home about how they would go about having their fledgling. Dean loved his niece, there was no denying that Melody could probably get away with anything but murder with her Uncle, but Dean was very stubbornly refusing to have a 'little glow ball' as their child, or so he put it. Castiel was admittedly frustrated since that was the fastest and most efficient way for them to have their child but Dean wouldn't budge. So Castiel finally just left after one of their arguments needing time to vent his anger with Dean to his elder brother and Gabriel had been more then willing to listen, much to Castiel's surprise.

"Look, you're not the only angel saddled to a Winchester. I get it. Dean's being stubborn about the whole thing. But so are you. Having a child the human way is a very... Personal experience Cas. To have your child grow inside you, rely on you for more then grace but food and safety in such a connected way... And to feel their first kick and know they're really there... It's a crazy warm feeling you never forget." Gabriel said a bit of wistful longing in his gaze until he remembered Cas was there and blushed deeply at his little brother's soft smile.

"How is your son doing brother? Have you told Sam about your other children?" Castiel asked without any judgement in his voice while Gabriel relaxed a little.

"Yeah, Sam knows... I, uh, I've decided to complete our bond so... He knows everything. And Cas... Slephnir died during the first war... I thought you knew. Melody's the only child I have that's currently living. I lost Slephnir, Narfi, and Vali in the first war and Jor died of pneumonia not long after we lost Fenrir to hunters. Hel... She hated me and I didn't see her again until just before the second nephil wars. She willingly turned herself into heaven." Gabriel said softly his eyes trained on the wall as he listed his children's deaths making Castiel feel guilty for bringing up such painful memories for his brother.

"I'm sorry... I didn't mean to-" he started but Gabriel cut him off with a bittersweet smile.

"No Cas, it's fine, honestly. I was just trying to explain that while Sam and I chose to create Melody the angelic way, maybe it's better for you and Dean to have your child the human way. It'd give you both time to get used to the fact and I think motherhood would look good on you." He insisted patting Castiel's shoulder and Cas nodded leaving Gabriel when Sam's voice rang out in obvious outrage at something their daughter did. Gabriel laughed and went to check on his new family luckily not seeming too depressed by Castiel's blunder.

That's what lead Castiel to his- her- current situation looking in the mirror at her new appearance. She kept her looks as close to Jimmy's as she could but some changes were necessary. Her hair was the same color but now fell in long waves to the middle if her back. Her eyes were the same but we're now framed by thick lashes. Her once sturdy frame was now more delicate with soft curves. She fixed her clothes to her new shorter height and bit her lip as she set up the dinner that Gabriel had suggested she make to break Dean into the new her.

Castiel was sitting nervously at the table when Dean got home from his hunt, her wings still folded behind her unable to hide them until at very least pregnant with their child she assumed, and a rosy blush coated her cheeks as Dean froze staring at her in a mix of disbelief and confusion.

"Hello Dean." She said her voice no longer gruff but soft and melodious. Her hunter flinched violently at the sound starting like she was a thing he should be afraid of. It hurt Cas to see.

"Dean... It's me... You... You said you didn't want to have our child the way Sam and Gabriel had Melody so I had to change forms to be capable of conceiving our child the human way... Unless... Unless you changed your mind?" She whispered the last