
“Fuck.”


Otabek was a spectator from where he sat on the bed, legs sprawled out in front of Yuri as he watched him get opened up on JJ’s cock. 

Otabek recalled every time he had entered Yuri, the heat and tightness of his insides causing him to react in a similar fashion. He tried to remember their first time, the way they had started in missionary, Otabek pressing his lips against Yuri’s forehead as gently as he could, rocking into him as if he were experiencing absolute bliss. Yuri had held onto him gently, biting back the sounds as he drifted into an elated state, head going back, thighs trembling around Otabek’s torso. 

Yuri’s warmth was something he had never expected to share, yet here he was–no–here they were. Otabek, Yuri, and unexpectedly, JJ.

JJ pressed in and out of Yuri in a slow, gentle rhythm. While Yuri was usually one for rougher treatment, he moaned as he dropped his head, golden hair falling over past his shoulders, almost close enough to touch Otabek’s ankles. 

Otabek wondered how differently JJ felt inside of him; was his longer length adding to the experience, or did Yuri prefer Otabek’s girth? It was so odd, simply watching them, but he wanted Yuri to properly experience being spread apart by someone new, someone he was starting to possibly develop feelings for. And for JJ, it was common courtesy to allow him to enjoy Yuri for the first time. That ass really was something else.

Yuri was now moaning expletives as JJ quickened his pace, their bodies becoming more acclimated to the other’s. Yuri’s head shot back up, eyes half-lidded, mouth in the shape of an ‘O’, looking directly at Otabek with fuck yes, fuck me harder eyes.

“Beka,” Yuri gasped, “Fuck my face. Please.”

JJ groaned at that, saying something along the lines of “Fuck. That’s hot,” but Otabek couldn’t quite tell. He was already a goner.

Taking Yuri’s cue, he grabbed his cock by the base, lifting himself up to kneeling position and grabbing Yuri’s hair by the base of his head with the other hand. It caused Yuri to open wide with a surprised Ah! sound–the perfect shape for Otabek to stick his dick in between those saliva-streaked lips. 

He groaned as Yuri sucked him with gratuitous amounts of tongue, the warmth and wetness of his mouth combined with watching him get fucked was an experience that wouldn’t allow him to last very long.

Otabek looked up to meet JJ’s eyes who seemed equally mesmerized by the simultaneous physical and visual stimulation. His cheeks were flushed, longing drawn along every part of his face. Yes, he had absolutely wanted Yuri–who didn’t?–but it seemed like he wanted Otabek too. Even if it wasn’t exactly in the same capacity. The thought was exhilarating, it was new, and it was all consensual.


Fuck.


Otabek grabbed the sides of Yuri’s face, fucking into his mouth as he felt Yuri being pushed forward onto his dick. He closed his eyes, the sounds of sex, the images of JJ’s intensity, and Yuri’s sounds too much for him to handle.

He pulled out of Yuri’s mouth, pumping the remainder of his orgasm with his hand as he came all over Yuri’s face. 

Otabek was panting as he watched Yuri shudder, a high moan escaping him as he came onto the towel he was being fucked on. JJ followed soon after, clutching onto Yuri’s torso as his forehead fell to rest on his pale back. 

JJ’s body was shaking all over, the after-effects of the orgasm still apparently going strong.

Damn. Overly sensitive? 

Otabek raised a brow. 

Now that would be something fun to play with.