s probably the best to let his subconsciousness have its way for now. It's not like he has any other plans for the evening. ''So what are you then, exactly?'' he inquires conversationally, only for Arthur to shoot him an uncertain look all of a sudden. ''I don't really know. I'm not a proper spirit, apparently. So at first they didn't want to let me through.'' ''Through where?'' ''The veil.'' Merlin's heart skitters, stumbles, then jumps into his throat. ''The veil... between the worlds?'' It can't be. The thought alone is too breathtaking and too cruel. ''Yes. As I'm sure you know, it's at its thinnest today. So thin that spirits can pass through. If they are determined enough.'' Arthur has always been the very epitome of determination.

''I had not even realised...'' Merlin mumbles. ''It's Samhain?'' Arthur inclines his head. ''Then...'' Merlin swallows hard. His heart is hammering painfully against his ribs and there is not enough breath in his lungs any longer. He doesn't dare to believe and he's almost too scared to ask, afraid it will banish the illusion, but he can't make himself stop. ''Are... are you really here?'' His voice trembles and it's barely a whisper that comes out when he speaks next. ''Arthur... is... is this really you?'' There's silence, and Merlin holds his breath for what feels like eternity before he dares to look up again. Arthur is smiling at him, lopsided and fond and a little bit embarrassed. It feels like the first sunrise after Camlann. Merlin can't help himself then, he reaches for this glorious apparition, sinking to his knees on the damp earth. His brain catches up only when his fingers smooth over the links of Arthur's chainmail. His eyes widen, and he meets Arthur's eyes in shocked incomprehension. ''How is it possible that I can feel you?'' he whispers. Arthur shrugs uncertainly. ''I don't know. You tell me. You are the one who knows all about magic.'' Merlin shakes his head. ''If you're a ghost, I shouldn't be able to...'' He grabs Arthur's gloved hand then, holds it with both of its own, reverend if disbelieving.  It's warm under Merlin's cold fingers and he sucks in the familiar smell of worn leather, the faint hint of sweat, and doesn't even think before he presses it to his face, eyes closing against a fresh wave of tears. ''I don't understand. If you're a ghost, I shouldn't be able to touch you.'' ''Like I said. I'm not a proper spirit, apparently.'' ''Then what are you?'' ''I honestly don't know, Merlin. I... I think I've been sleeping, maybe. It feels as if I've been sleeping. Or as if I've been sick and feverish for a long time, barely conscious enough to realise my surroundings. I don't remember much after...'' ''You died. Arthur... you died!'' And now the tears are running down his cheeks unchecked, there is no way to hold them back and Merlin doesn't have the strength to care what Arthur might be thinking of him. If he's going to chide him that no man deserves Merlin's tears then he will clobber him around the head. But Arthur does no such thing. He looks at Merlin with unfathomable blue eyes, brighter than they have any right to be in the light of the fire, and then Arthur's thumb gently swipes along Merlin's cheek. ''I know.'' The last of Merlin's strength leaves him. He's been holding on by a thread ever since he watched the boat float out into the mists of the lake, taking away what little there remained of the king, the man, the friend Merlin had loved and worshipped with all his heart. He buries his face against Arthur's knees and sobs. He doesn't know how long he's been sitting there, tremors wrecking his body, while he is clinging to whatever fabric his fingers can reach. It takes him a while to register the light, hesitant strokes along the back of his head. His breath shudders and Merlin falls still, but the broad palm of a hand keeps smoothing his hair in a soothing rhythm that Merlin is sure he hasn't known since he was a child. When Merlin finally looks up, Arthur looks uncertain, his hand still paused in mid-stroke, as if he's waiting to be laughed at or admonished. But Merlin can only smile at him, tearful but wide, too shaken to hide any of the emotions he's sure must be plain for Arthur to see. He wipes at his eyes, trying to push away the embarrassment that creeps up his neck with a hot blush, and