A pissed off Y/N should not be outside, for that meant judging, or rather, loudly describing people around that caught her annoyance. Waiting for an hour for her friend who just sent her a text message that she suddenly could not come because her boyfriend went to her place to apologize personally made Y/N’s day worse. Just that early hazy morning while Y/N was just dozing off after spending the night until morning watching ‘How It’s Made’ videos, her friend called her and told her about her boyfriend problems. Y/N felt bad for her crying friend and agreed to meet up with her by the train station to listen to the same things she already said on the phone despite of the cloudy weather that seemed to shout “bring an umbrella”. Her friend’s sobs sounded like emergency, yet now she would just inform Y/N that she and her boyfriend were already “okay”.

Now with her arms crossed, she was just sitting on a bench at the park just outside the library that was near the train station. The sky was covered with travelling clouds, and there were just a few people around – just a few people for Y/N to criticize.

“That pink man looks like a walking strawberry cake.” A jolly pink-haired man who was going to the direction of the library caught her attention.

And then there was a depressed looking lanky man walking with his eyes towards the sky. “Oh, wow, a dead man walking. We should be friends.”

She then noticed a big man in a brown bomber jacket with red Mohawk hairstyle crossing the nearest street. “Seriously? He looks like a cock crossing the road.”

Y/N then heard a chuckle beside her and looked to see where it came from. She did not mind the tall man with his long blonde hair in a ponytail, with sunglasses reading a book who was already sitting by the bench before her. She shamelessly glimpsed at the title of the book he was holding, The Very Best of Robert Service. She actually had a copy of the book and she knew it was a poem collection. “Why are you laughing?”

The man did not answer her and pretended to continue reading.

She secretly looked at what he was reading. “Oh, Sam McGee. He died.” Then she checked her phone for other possible reasons to stay outside.

“It’s a cremation.” The man closed his book and looked at Y/N.

She had no other things to do listed in her memo. “I know.” She then looked at him finding something about him to criticize, but she suddenly felt tired and decided to just go home and sleep. She noticed how he carefully folded the upper page before he closed the book, so she opened her bag and pulled out her book. She flipped through it to check if there were two, and so she got the extra bookmark and handed it to the man as she stood up. “You may keep this. Have pity on the book.”

The man accepted the bookmark and stood up himself. “Thanks.”

“No problem. Bye.” Y/N started to walk away when she felt a hand gently rested on her shoulder. She looked around to see the tall blonde man suddenly acted a little awkward.

“I’m Matthieu.” He just stood still without extending his hand for formal introduction.

“Y/N.” Then she flashed a formal smile.

“Would you like to join me for a coffee?” He sounded hesitant but still looked cool.

Y/N thought for a moment. She was single, and the man was hot. He laughed at her, though, but he probably read good books. “Sure.”