bit down gently as she bounced the rounded end of the knife pommel against her thigh, grasping at any other way to shake the silence. “Is there anything that you need while we are here?” She tried.

He looked up at her then. “I don’t believe so. But thank you for thinking to ask.” And then he offered her a smile, one that he put on to appease someone with and she struggled not to wince and sulk away like a scolded child.

Instead, she offered him a half-hearted smile of her own and stood herself straighter. “I…think we’re going to out head out soon, then.”

“As you wish.” He replied before turning his focus back to his book.

 

They left the little clearing and circle of merchants as the sun set, Sera insistent on wanting to gain as much ground towards Crestwood before they set up camp again. It was odd that Sera was the one ushering them forward, but no one commented on the matter.

Said woman sidled up next to her as the air cooled and the first thrum of cricket song peppered the air, an elbow in the side. “What’s up with you and Droopy Ears?” She asked flat out.

“What are you talking about?”

“Don’t play coy.” Sera quirked a brow and shook her head. “You two have been weird for days now. I can normally get a rise out of either of you with a simple barb about the other and now…nothing.”

“I’d venture to deem it young love.” Dorian stepped up on her other side. “But you don’t strike me the blushing virgin and Solas…has at least a few years on all of us.” Then he frowned. “Except maybe your dashing Warden Blackwall.”

“It’s nothing like that.” She assured them, her voice flat.

“Look, if he’s not your thing, you have to just be out with it.” Sera ventured. “Men are simple creatures, yeah? They need clear cut direction. ‘Solas, you’re not my type, I’m sorry it will never work’ straight forward.” She threw her hands out before her to emphasize. “Or same thing if he is! ‘Solas, your…bald head gets me hot, I need you now’ works just as well.” Sera grimaced and shivered. “Just, please, when I’m not around.”

“Kill me.” She looked over her shoulder at Bull.

“She’s not entirely wrong.” Dorian insisted. 

“Maybe he’s just as confused about his feelings as you are.” Bull suddenly spoke from behind them. 

“For fuck’s sake.” She sighed.

“He can’t hear us.” Dorian waved a hand dismissively. “There are three horses, half a dozen scouts, Cassandra, and Varric cooing to Bianca between him and us and he’s got his nose stuffed in a book.”

Then Ivuni reached up and flicked Dorian in the ear. “Elf.” She insisted, because although humans loved to rail on the shape of their ears, their hearing was precise enough to make out the drop of a pin. “I am done with this conversation. There is nothing for it and even if there were, it would be between him and me.” With a huff, she detached herself from the makeshift group and stepped off the direct line of the road. Then she caught herself. “I’m not mad.” She clarified before turning and heading into the tree line where she was sure they would not follow. It was easier for her there, familiar.

She kept pace with the band easily. As awkward as they could make her feel, it was…comforting in a way to know that they in some manner cared about her enough to engage her in such a conversation to weed out what was bothering her. Their attempts seemed genuine enough, but she kept waiting for the proverbial other shoe to drop, for the farce to be revealed. For some truth that their apparent concern was little more than tied to the care of the mark. She shook her left hand absentmindedly. 

“They are like a family.” A gentle voice spoke from beside her and she glanced to her left at the wide brim of a hat. “Not sure if you belong in the skin that you wear, though it seems it’s yours, it’s sometimes not.” Cole’s voice shifted and caught her off guard. “It is beautiful but it never quite fit with everyone else. Elwyn always watching.” He glanced at her briefly before casting his eyes back out before them. 

The moment that Cole’s footsteps paused, hers did as well.

“They don’t stare the way the clan still sometimes does. They have already accepted you.”

When she glanced back through the trees towards the moving caravan of Inquisition, she noted Sera attempting to look around Dorian’s form and through the trees. With the setting sun at the blonde woman’s back though, the wooded perimeter was likely harder