a thing. He wore women's clothing underneath his robes, after all, and even sometimes, on the weekends, without the robes.

"I don't want to go to the effing Ministry gala," Harry continued, stressing the last word poshly. He chose a vegetable soup instead of his usual and passed the menu back to the waiter. 

Draco might have asked why he didn't choose the aubergine medley this time, but it was moot, as he knew what the answer would be in any case: 'They added chicken stock to the recipe.' 

And that might or might not have been true, but Harry was firm in his convictions, and it was possible that they might add chicken stock to the recipe at some later date, so he might as well wean himself off it at any rate.

"Don't have much say in it, really," Draco responded. "Got to give them a speech, haven’t you?"

The owl had come only that morning, addressed: 'Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy's couch, 404 White Owl St., Essex' and Harry had thrown such a fit that Draco had felt obligated to hex him. He had, and that had settled Harry for a few minutes at least.

Harry Potter (and guest) were cordially invited to the something-annual 'Defeat of the Dark' party, hosted by the Ministry. That Harry was requested to give a speech was only mentioned in passing, but it was enough to put him off his food for the rest of the day. Truth be told, it was enough to put Draco off his food, too.

Harry groaned and put his head down on the table. "Stop that," Draco hissed, kicking his shin sharply under the table. Harry lifted his head and gave Draco a distracted sneer. "You're embarrassing me. At leastact like you weren't raised by Yanks."

Harry snorted and sat up. "Let's go out tonight."

His non-sequitur was means for Draco to roll his eyes. "No."

"Why not? We'll have fun. We always do."

"No gay bars," Draco said.

"No gay bars," Harry affirmed. "Why no gay bars?"

"When we go out to gay bars, you come out to gay patrons."

"Makes enough sense, I reckon," Harry admitted. "Wear something pretty. I'll pick you up at eight."

"So long as you don't pick me up at eight," Draco said pointedly.

Harry scoffed and said, "I'd never do that, Malfoy." And then he was gone, and Draco was left staring at his food, wondering how wankers like Harry could go from depressed to excited within the span of several minutes. And why he was so upset that Harry wouldn't ever try to pick him up.

-

 

Harry picked Draco up at eight.

The M-LED display flashed and chirped: "Malfoy! About to start whinging!"

"You can personalize it, you know," Harry explained. "I've been fucking around with it all afternoon."

"And that's what you put for me?" Draco was, understandably, scandalized. "I don't whinge!"

"You do," Harry said. "Sometimes."

"Yeah—sometimes, maybe, but I wasn't about to just then!"

"But you are now," Harry said. His eyebrows were high.

"But it didn't know that!"

"How do you know?"

"I just know."

There was a silence. "Where are we going?" Draco asked.

"I don’t know."

"I don't want to go out," Draco lamented, staring out the windscreen. "Let's just get some take-away and go back to your place, yeah?"

"Really?" Harry asked. "I didn't really want to deal with the crowds, either, but I sort of wanted to drive the car."

"You got to pick me up," Draco offered. 

"But not pick you up," Harry grinned. 

Draco flushed, pursed his lips and adjusted his robes over his legs. The silk slip dress he was wearing was bunching up uncomfortably, but it was probably a problem with his cock reacting to Harry's low voice and not any defect with the silk.

"So let's go to the quay," Draco said. Sometimes they had lunch on one of the docks that the muggles had somehow missed during their renovations when they visited London proper, and even though it was dirty and smelled a bit, Draco had always liked it.

"You always complain when we go there," Harry said, but he was smiling and already turning the car in that direction.

Draco shrugged. "That's what I do."

So they drove to London, ignoring all sorts of muggle laws, and Harry let the top down again. There was a twenty-four hour curry-shop open, but nothing was vegan-friendly, so they just ended up getting flat-bread from