he must pick amongst these disparate definitions. This notion soothes him now, re-tasting the flavour of this memory. What was blank clean bitterness has mellowed to something more pleasing, hints of iron and mold. In this small way, he has perhaps been a dutiful son after all. A lesson practised, even in the absence of comprehension, ought to weigh the same if the outcomes are identical.

He never asks if she requires his assistance, never looks for thanks. Here, at the interstices of pestle and mortar, muller and plate, crumbling beneath inexorable pressure, are the last places where they remain part of each other’s realities. They never speak of these little services he performs, unless the skritch of the silver point against the board is itself a one-sided conversation. It is as if words themselves, clinging to an exhaled breath, might somehow taint the lustrous earths. He adds a few drops of water; it is not really necessary yet, only precautionary, a measure taken in superstition. But in doing this, he is re-suspending the finer grit, so that coarser grains settle against the glass. This grating crunch is unlike most of the ingredients he grinds for his potions, but the motions are the same. Twisting, rocking, the movements of long tendons in his forearms highlighted in a play of light and shadow as he releases motes of magic in dried vegetable or mineral alike.

He has recently heard the other students referring to ‘Old Sluggy’ as the consummate Slytherin. This enrages him still. The consummate Slytherin is self-serving: Serving only the self. Standing beyond interest or care in the dross trappings of humanity. He kept his face blank, nodded noncommittally. This is something he has learned to do, from a consummate Slytherin, who sits hours wrapped in thoughts, in drips of gesso, in streaks of ore and yolk, manifesting tonal values solely to please herself.

The first placard he remembers is larger than his child’s arms can encompass. She will mount it on a heavy wooden stave, but now it sits beside them on the train, another passenger whom they are having an uncomfortable conversation with. He knows what it says. He has watched her brush India ink into the outlines of the words. Before 28 weeks it cannot be ‘born alive’. It is very early in the morning. The sun is only just rising: vermilion, madder, and points of cadmium dusting the undersides of leaden clouds.

They are going to a place called Downing Street. There will be A March. He hears it with capital letters and stark lines.

The placard will soon join others of its kind. They will say things like Your daughters, dead in alleys! and Equal Access -- Equal Rights. She has spent part of the carefully hoarded egg money on the tickets. It will probably be late afternoon before Toby realises they are gone; they snuck past his snoring body draped across the battered couch, careful not to rattle keys against the thermos of hot tea. She shares it out with him now. It is dark, and treacle-sweet. He knows she never adds sugar to her own tea. Sugar is expensive. A teaspoon wasted in tea is one that cannot be used to feed the bread yeast. This is a bribe: be on good behaviour. He lets the heat, seeping through the blue plastic mug, warm his fingers. His hands are often cold. He tucks them in his sleeves, usually, but this is better.

He wonders if other women will have children with them. He suspects not. The others will have been more careful, or have met with more success in those imagined alleys. Perhaps he himself is a placard. You see? I didn’t want this.

They are sitting once more in the train station, awaiting transport to a borough where ‘their sort’ of shops may be found. It is calming, after the frantic press of bodies, the jeering shouts, the incessant flap of sign boards, to remain seated on the solid iron bench. It is an island, and the waves of passengers flow to either side. It is orderly, and he finds it soothing. They share a hardboiled egg, and she has packed along a cheese sandwich for him. He does not yet realise that taking a cold lunch in a train station marks out their poverty; it is something they’ve always done on their rare trips.

It will be coming on winter soon, and they are commencing a quest to find a coat with longer sleeves. Last year, the gap at his wrist was supplemented with longer mittens, but that measure will clearly be inadequate now. There is no mention that this portion of their excursion is a cover, a blind. He recognises that one can lie with the truth. It’s a useful thing to know.

There are other things he knows: for instance, he knows he mustn’t touch anything in the dusty Oxfam shop they enter. Instead he looks, cataloguing the racks of apparel, the paltry mounds of kitchen things. There are several chipped mugs. One has a painted scene on it