clasp? I can’t find it.”

“Uh, I’m not wearing a bra. Tsunade-sama invented a breast support jutsu that is wayyyy better than anything you can do with fabric. Seriously, she did so much for kunoichi when she did that.” She looked at him for a moment, then suddenly her mouth twisted. “You know, Sai, it doesn’t matter what any book says, if it’s not something you actually want to do.”

“But it’s our third date.”

“So?”

“Aren’t you expecting sex?”

She laughed, and covered her laugh with her hand in a not at all effective attempt to stifle it. “Sorry, I’m just laughing at how blunt you are about this stuff. Sai, nobody has the right to expect sex from anybody else, not even boyfriend and girlfriend. That’s something that happens when both of us decide it’s the right time and that we want to.”

“But I do want to. I mean, I want to if you want to. Do you want to?”

She gave him a calculating look, then shifted her position so that she was straddling his hips. “How about we just kiss for a bit and see what happens?”

They resumed kissing. It was really nice, kissing her, Sai decided. She was so close to him, holding onto him, feeling him. Her lips were soft, and up close he could smell a multitude of flowers.

Ino broke off the kissing after a few minutes by pulling away slowly. She looked sad. “You’re not enjoying this, are you.”

“That’s… I am. I am enjoying it.” He didn’t know how to show that he was telling the truth, so he spoke louder. “I am!”

“Your body… isn’t reacting, Sai,” she said gently, and slipped out of his lap.

No, please don’t leave me alone again. “Just tell me what I’m supposed to do. I can learn what to do, Gorgeous.”

She smiled at the nickname. “It isn’t something you learn, if you don’t like me that way, then—”

He grabbed her wrist. “Please. I do like you. You can… you can go inside my mind, like you did before. You can see that I’m enjoying it… if there’s something I’m doing wrong, you can show me…”

Ino sighed. “Alright. Hold still. Shintenshin no Jutsu!”

With Ino inside his mind, Sai watched her body fall back onto the futon limply.


 Alright, Sai. Think of… the most attractive person you can think of. 



Attractive?



 Sexy, or cute, or… handsome, or whatever attracts you. The person with the nicest body. 


Sai’s mind stuttered.


 That’s… very odd… there’s a block… 


Sai thought about the cursed seal on his tongue.


 No, I don’t mean something like that… it’s something I’ve seen before in T&I… it’s a defence mechanism in the mind… Can I… poke around a little? 



Yes, please.


He started to remember things, disjointed things, things that surfaced and immediately were shoved aside. Things that were remembered and then manipulated in some way and then remembered again, clearer, sharper, different.

He is thirteen, he is twelve; Shin is alive; he is being trained, by his seniors, by Danzo.

Sai observed Ino zeroing in on the training sessions with Danzo and a Yamanaka, but he both observed it and experienced it at the same time. The two of them, with Ino in control, remembered session after session. At first, Sai reacted to the memories with his customary detachment, but such a nonreaction couldn’t hope to distinguish itself from the flood of Ino’s emotions. Very quickly it was all he could do to hold on to a sense of himself. Her emotional reaction blew him away with its intensity; he could not even begin to think what emotion or emotions he was experiencing through her. It felt bad, not good, very not good, but beyond that—

Sai felt an urge to vomit. His body, without his command, lurched up, covered his mouth, hunched over, stumbled and rushed to the bathroom, where he evacuated the contents of his stomach into the toilet.


 Sai… oh Sai! I’m so sorry! 


The emotions were calming down somewhat now. She was—they were—sad. This was… sadness, right?


 Yes, Sai… I feel very sad right now. I’m also disgusted and angry, but— 



It’s okay that you vomited. I am very well-nourished and missing a meal once in a while—



 Oh Sai! I’m not sorry about the vomiting—well I am, but that’s not what’s most important. I mean what happened to you, what they did to you…