to see him as an infant though.  He was unlike any baby I've ever beheld.  His parents, especially his mother, were completely flumoxed over it all.  We got them plied with money and items to barter and send them on to Egypt to escape the death order that had been placed upon him.  And then we left, heading home via the route suggested by Gabriel."

"That was it?  You dropped off your package and..and you were finished?"

"Not everyone is tapped for such duties as being Michael's vessel you know.  Some of us do our job and that is that."

"Lucky duck."  Dean couldn't help but feel jealous that he hadn't recieved such a cush assignment. Why did he have to fight demons his whole damn life?  "Well, if you'd done the job and were over it, why give up everything for a slave halo and a pair of wings?"

"Not unlike your connection to Castiel, I maintained a, well, bond, with Gabriel.  He would come to visit me in Persia, we'd drink and lay out under the stars.  Mostly, he would talk about how 'The Experiment' was going.  That was how he referred to God taking a joy-ride in human form.  I even made the trip west to hear him speak on the mountain.  It was one thing for the angels to inhabit a human vessel, but for God to do so, well it set most of heaven on edge, especially when he got to be your age."

"Yeah, I know how all that turned out.  Not one of his best moves, if you ask me.  Got himself killed."

"Yes, well, God was not any better at sharing details then than nowdays.  It is amazing that none of the angels rebelled like Lucifer after *that* horrid display of human violence.  Gabriel came close. They all could hear the garden prayers poor Joshua lifted up that night.  But they were under strict orders not to interfere.  After he'd breathed his last and he was put in the hillside behind a giant rock, Gabriel showed up, begging me to cut off his wings so he could die."

"Does that work?" Dean hadn't thought of trying to clip an angel's wings as a means of destroying one.

"They have to submit to it, so not a great method of felling one, but yes, it would amount to angel suicide.  Obviously, I refused.  My bond with Gabriel was quite strong after so many years, so I gave him what I could; myself."

"You chose to become an angel to keep Gabriel from offing himself?"

"Essentially.  Though I had some selfish motivations as well.  After all, humans had just murdered God's son.  Global annihilation had already happened for less.  I couldn't imagine that God's wrath wouldn't rain down upon all creation.  I was also pretty well done with humankind.  Submitting to heaven sounded peaceful and uncomplicated."

"Sure, if you like having to obey every order and have no choices or fun."

"I like you and your little 'Team Free Will' club you have going on, but you fail to grasp the fundamental truth that angels and humans are different beings in different planes of existance.  Both were created for very different reasons.  Angels exist in a world where God is certain, the plan is divine and our role is clear.  Humans exist in a world where God is a matter of faith, your choices are open and your meaning is as muddy as storm water.  We have order and obedience, but also absolute protection and peace in heaven.  You have free will, but the cost is that God does not intervene in your choices, but rather guides them through revelation.  And even then, you can choose to ignore it."

"I don't believe this."

"After all you've been through, why do you doubt so much?"

"You're asking me to accept that 1) God exists and 2) that he does nothing to help us because that's the deal? Either we make our choices and get left with our asses hanging in the breeze or we submit to total obedience and then God helps us?  'Cept you forgot how he let the whole fucking apocalypse happen and plenty of angels got shafted in that deal."

"Dean, of course God exists.  And yes, that is the deal.  It is the deal humans chose way back in The Garden.  You wanted to have the knowledge of God, but that means agency.  You chose and God accepted your choice.  Just as God accepted my choice to no longer have choices.  I don't have a problem with obedience to God.  Zachariah and Uriel, they were not God, so I have no guilt over refusing to obey them."

"Have you actually seen God?"  Dean's head was hurting from all of this and wanted a straight answer for once.

"I have held God in my arms.  He spit up on me."

"Not Jesus, man!