can’t see anyone sad?” Zayn batted his eyes innocently in an attempt to make Niall smile.

Niall sighed heavily in a defeated kind of way before saying. “Zayn!” He said worriedly.

“What?” Zayn replied busily from where he was now buried in his phone, searching for the new tracks.

“When would you get it?” Niall said.

“Get what?” Zayn asked, still busy with the phone.

“That life isn’t about fucking some random good-looking guy or some hot ass girl every single night. It’s more than that!” Niall was trying to make him understand.

“What’s more out there?” Zayn asked, trying to act completely clueless, though he knew what Niall was talking about.

“Feelings!” Niall simply replied.

“So basically you’re trying to say that there’s no feelings in the one night stand?” Zayn made that cute face, like a hurt puppy.
“Are there, any?” Niall questioned, his tone rather challenging.

“When I look at the guy or girl for that matter, I instantly feel something (Lust), and I just know that, that’s the ones (for tonight), and that feeling continues ‘til we actually fuck.” Zayn answered.

“Lust!! We call it lust, not ‘The Feelings’!” Niall was losing it.

“Well, it’s something.” Zayn shrugged carelessly.

“Zayn you know what I’m talking about.” Niall tried to be calm. “Why don’t you understand? You’re ruining your life, just give it a break and find someone who’s interested in you and not in your body only for a night.” Niall knew well enough, that it was impossible to change Zayn’s mind about it, but he likes to try though.

Zayn was looking out of the window, without saying a single word, like he was trying to avoid whatever Niall was saying. Niall continued anyway.

“When you’ll find that special someone you’ll see that the love is the most beautiful thing in the world!” Niall smiled dreamily before continuing. “And how being in a relationship makes you feel special, makes you feel loved, and you know, I can’t explain it into words but, it’s…it’s the most soothing and most comforting feel in the world to know that there’s someone out there for you, who won’t let you fall, won’t leave you for a shit, who loves you so much and makes you feel like you’re the only fucking person in the world, who wants you and only you, not every fucking person he laid his eyes on, and who belongs only to you.” Niall was on the edge but only a single thought of Liam and how much they love each other was enough to make all the anger and irritation disappear and to spread the softest smile on his face.

"Niall, what book are you reading with nerd Liam these days?" Zayn asked with the humorous yet sarcastic, most fake smile plastered on his perfectly sculptured face.

"What?” Niall asked confused, turning his head from the road for a second and towards Zayn.
"Oh nothing" Zayn giggled before continuing,” I was just wondering because this kind of sappy definition of love could only be found in books, this is real life for fuck sake."

"Shut the fuck up, Zayn. I did not read this in books. This is my personal assumption, or theory you could say, I don't know." Niall replied, looking so done.

"Whatevs, you know what my theory is as of right now?" Zayn smirks and stops for a moment but Niall doesn't say anything yet awaits, ready for any sarcastic remarks to be thrown at him from his bastard of a best friend.

"That, you, Sir, stop with your Lame Love Lesson 101 and drive to the party so we could get this over and done with.” Zayn finishes, dismissing little heart to heart with Niall. He just simply disgraced the concept of 'Love' or even more just the mention of this word would suck all the sanity from his brain cells.

This was clearly a sensitive topic for Zayn for obvious reasons and he certainly did not have a positive opinion about it.

But, If it wasn't his best friend sitting next to him, if it wasn't Niall who tried to talk him out on it, he could have sworn he'd punch them in the face, or simply just push them out of the moving car for starting this conversation with him but . So, you could say he was both surprised and satisfied with his reaction towards Niall. Fuck, he rather handled it playfully.

He can't be blamed for being this way though. He has never had an influence of a nice man in his life it was rather strong female influence from his mother and sisters. He had grown up seeing his mum crying to sleep in her bed at nights and his sisters stuttering and hiding away in their brothers room scared