, please do understand that boggarts turn only into your worst fear, and that is no laughing matter.” 



While none of the Gryffindors were quite so willing to sympathise with Draco Malfoy, they did sober up a little at their Professor’s reprimand. Many of them were still having trouble repressing a grin or two at the bright red boy (there’s absolutely 

no way 

Malfoy would ever live this down), and even some of the Slytherins were in a similar state as well.



“T-there’s a problem with that boggart, do you understand me?” Malfoy demanded, shakily pointing an accusing finger at the DADA Professor. “That was 

not 

my greatest fear! 

Never!

” 



Professor Lupin raised a hand and an eyebrow, saying appeasingly, “Do calm down, Mr Malfoy. I understand that you’re upset, but-”



Malfoy looked about ready to explode. “Upset? I’m not just 

upset, 

my father will hear-!” 



He stopped abruptly, realising that no, it’s not exactly a good thing to let his father hear about this, and spun around to face the class. Cheeks flaming, he narrowed his eyes and attempted to sneer. “If you know what’s good for you, my father had better not hear about this!” 


“Nobody’s scared of you, Malfoy!” Ron called back, “Merlin knows the only thing you can do is make your father deal with all your mess!” 


“Mr Weasley, Mr Malfoy,” Professor Lupin warned, somehow without raising his voice at all. 



As the two fumed silently, he sighed, as though only just realising how taxing it was to teach a class of immature thirteen year-olds. He scrubbed a hand through his shaggy hair and said, “I’ll bring in another boggart for the rest of the class to practise next lesson. In the meantime, please read the chapter on boggarts in your textbooks and write me a summary no longer than six inches. Class dismissed.”



Over the scraping of chairs and delighted chatter, he called, “Mr Malfoy, if you could stay behind for just a minute?”



The boy skulked to the front sullenly as the rest of the third year class streamed through the door, still sniggering and shooting glances at Malfoy. Seamus Finnigan twirled out of the classroom with his robes lifted up daintily, mimicking boggart-Malfoy in a high-pitched voice, “My boggart is coming out of the closet, and if you tell my father I’ll make sure my cronies stuff you in said closet!” 



He almost immediately broke into gasping laughs with Dean after that, and Ron snorted accidentally between chortles (Hermione swatted him on the shoulder and called him 

insensitive

). 



“Coming, Harry?” He called over his shoulder, startling Harry from watching the way Malfoy’s face had turned into the approximation of a tomato at Seamus’ impression of his boggart. 



“Oh,” he agreed, a little distractedly, still staring at Malfoy, “Sure,” and followed them out of the classroom along with the last few stragglers. 



Once in the corridor, he snapped back to his senses and was struck with the sudden, nonsensical curiosity of what Professor Lupin could possibly be telling the blond git. “Actually, you two should go on first,” he told Ron and Hermione, who both turned to give him questioning looks.



“I just want to, er…” He pointed over his shoulder at the classroom they’d just exited. 



“Oh!” Ron exclaimed, his face lighting up, “Spying on Malfoy? That’s a brill idea, but,” he seemed to droop in disappointment, “I’d hate to miss lunch.” 



Harry practically leapt on the opportunity, and had to consciously school his face not to seem overly eager or excited. “It’s alright, I’ll fill you in later.” 



Oddly, he felt like only him and no one else should listen in on the conversation between Malfoy and Professor Lupin. It was almost like he felt the need to protect Malfoy’s privacy, which didn’t make any sense since Harry himself would be infringing it. But then again, when had anything really made sense when it came to Malfoy?



“I honestly don’t approve of this,” Hermione began.



Harry cut in, “Save me a plate?” at the same time that Ron whined, “C’mon Hermione, I’m hungry enough to eat a horse.” 



Hermione heaved a put-upon sigh and said, “Oh, alright,” as the two boys exchanged a grin and a metaphorical hi-five -- saving themselves from Hermione’s lectures often required a combined effort.



Then Ron was dragging Hermione down the corridor and Hermione was muttering ‘you’re 

always 

hungry enough to eat a horse, Ron’, and Harry wasn’t listening because he was trying to peek and listen through the slightly-open door at the same time. 



“-not my place to presume anything here,” Professor Lupin was saying, “but it’s important for you to know that you should not be ashamed of who you are, no matter what that may be