s eyebrow rose. “Perhaps I should refrain this time around, if this is how we’re playing.”

“Be my guest.” Now, she finally showed him the item she had brought along – a flesh-toned vibrator in the shape of a penis, perhaps a slight bit bigger than Simon’s cock. Lifting it towards her face, she continued in a deliberately bored tone, “If you’re sure that you don’t wanna ask for it while I’m having fun with myself…”

It was difficult to not let her smugness show when his breathing audibly stopped for a moment the instant she let her tongue flick across the tip of the toy. Still, Simon did not respond.

Oh, so you actually want to go with being all stoic tonight? That’s fine – I know you won’t make it all the way to the end.

Athena turned the part of the battery cap which allowed a seamless adjustment of speed, and the vibrator hummed into life.

“Who knows,” she taunted, “I actually might like this little guy better than whatever you can offer me…”

Placing the tip gently against her right nipple, she marveled at the unfamiliar sensation, her eyes closing for a moment. “Mhm, this is nice…”

Truth be told, she vastly preferred Simon’s lips and tongue licking, sucking and nipping over the strong, steady vibrations, but admitting to that out loud would completely nullify the playful threat she had just uttered.

She swirled the silicone toy over the sensitive skin with her left, while her right hand slowly wandered down over the material of the corset covering her belly, her index finger trailing along the upper edge of the garter belt for a moment. Looking up, she found that she already had managed to capture Simon’s undivided attention.

“See something you like?”

“I do, in fact,” he responded immediately, his arms and legs straining against the chain for a moment.

“Ah ah ah.” Athena wagged the vibrator like an oversized scolding finger after turning it off for the time being. “You’re gonna sit there and watch some more, or no fun for you.”

“Hmph. Whatever you say.”

Simon nonchalantly ceased moving, his gaze once again fixed on her. However, the voice of his heart told her clearly how affected he was already.

Athena lifted the toy to her mouth, making a show of tonguing at its tip. The comparatively hard material warmed up quickly under her ministrations, making it feel more lifelike to her. Good.

Meanwhile, her free hand had yet again moved lower, and she spread her legs when it reached her neatly-trimmed patch of pubic hair, granting him an excellent view at her most intimate area. A moment later, her fingertips began drawing slow, steady circles across her clit. Knowing that Simon was watching her somehow made what she was doing now feel more intense than masturbating by herself, each little noise betraying his own rising arousal to her keen sense of hearing.

Opening her mouth, Athena started sucking on the toy in just the way she knew he liked, while the fingers of her other hand began to move more quickly over the sensitive bundle of nerves. She gasped around the length of silicone inside her mouth, gratified when she heard something akin to a sigh in his exhale in response.

Eventually, she felt that it was time to ramp things up some more; as she slowly removed the vibrator from between her lips, she looked over at Simon. His stoic façade was nearly perfect, she had to give him that – but there was a hint of desperation in his eyes, and his cock was twitching slightly, as though aching for her touch.

Holding his gaze, she turned on the toy once more, this time lowering the hand holding it until its tip made contact with her clitoris. The first instant was electrifying in its intensity, forcing a moan out of her. Thankfully, she managed to keep her eyelids from falling shut – if she had not, she would have missed Simon’s lips parting and him once again straining against his fetters for a mere second.

She laughed breathily, resorting to conversation in an attempt to control her desire.

“Can’t keep from trying, can you? Tell me… what would you do to me if I let you go right now?”

Simon honest-to-goodness growled. “I would fuck you until you beg for me to make you come.”

Tempting. He had never sounded so aggressive before – obviously, she was doing something right. Still, Athena was not quite ready yet to consider giving in.

Out loud, she tutted. “Now now, you do know patience is a virtue, don’t you…?”

The silicone tip slipped between her labia, exposing the slick wetness which had gathered there to the cool air. She bit her lower lip as she slowly pushed the vibrating toy inside herself. The sensation was not as acute as the buzzing against her clit had been, but that was fine with her – had she continued as before, she would have already come for the first time