starting to grin. "Let's go, I bought tickets for the sappiest love comedy playing. I thought you'd like it."

Boy, was he right. Chanyeol really lived up to the nickname he had in college, 'reaction king'. He laughed at every joke, actually cried at the sad moments, and looked completely tense as the bride ran as fast as possible to get to the church on time. It was entertaining, and, Minseok thought, endearing. They went to the spanish restaurant, ordered paella and guacamole, and talked. They found out they were both fans of sports, had Christmas as their favorite holiday (Valentines Day has chocolates, yeah, but presents?? Gingerbread houses???) and sometimes would like to punch Baekhyun in the nose for being a nosy little shit. Stuff you don't  get to know during study sessions. Minseok could already feel himself growing used to Chanyeol's voice, and could imagine drifting to sleep to the sound of it.

 

"Soooo, here we are. Your place." Chanyeol lived close to the movie theater, but insisted on bringing Minseok home. He was looking down, as if making a confession. His cheeks were a pinkish color because of the cold wind blowing, and he shivered on his jacket."I had a lovely evening. Thank you for asking me out. I think if I had to do this on my own I'd have to grow an extra pair of balls. "

"What? That's crazy. You talk like I'm some kind of big deal."

"No, it's true. It's because you always seemed so... unreachable, you know. Like a dream. Crafted by hand for me, but I could never have it."

"I'm here now."

"And I can't believe it."

Minseok stood on tiptoes and kissed Chanyeol. Gently, softly, with the promise of many more to come.

"And in that, do you believe?"

 

***

 

Someone very wise once asked "do you believe in life after love?". Okay, it was Cher. But there is no reason why she couldn't be wise, and the question holds some truth. Chanyeol had a hard time believing he had lived before Minseok. They had fallen into an easy relationship, fitting together like puzzle pieces. And Baekhyun was hearing all about it.

"You know, last night we were watching this movie and there was only one popcorn left on the bowl-''

"Hmmmmmmm." Baekhyun was trying really hard to look interested. Or at least he liked to think he was.

"And we fought for it and ended up kissing on the floor and I really don't have any idea of how the movie ended." Chanyeol said on a dreamy voice.

"Sounds like someone got lucky, heh?"

"....Yeeeeeah. About that."

"What? You know, you don't have to give me any details, I'm not interested in your sex life and-"

"We haven't done it yet." Chanyeol blurted out.

Baekhyun stared at him in shock, as if he'd been bitten by an extremely poisonous insect whose venom would spread faster the more he moved."What do you mean? You've been dating for 5 months and haven't stopped talking about him for 10. How on earth are you still not getting laid??"

"Look, it's not like I don't want it, or haven't tried. But Minseokkie always has an excuse. I think he's afraid of something, but I can't quite place my finger on it.

"Well, I know for a fact he's not a virgin. So it can't be that. Have you tried asking him?"

"Yeah, I know, he told me about how he did it first with his first boyfriend, all very cute and... How do you know with so much certainty?" He looked at Baekhyun suspiciously. "Where's the poop, Baekhyun?"

Baekhyun at least had the decency to look guilty. "It was our freshmen year, we were drunk, okay? It's not like it matters."

"Well, it matters to me because the world obviously is trying to punish me here. How come a hobbit like you had sex with him and I haven't??" Now he was starting to shriek. Baekhyun walked up to him, looking at him in the eye with the most dignified look a person looking up could give.

"Yeollie, I set you guys up, so I'm obviously not interested. And I really don't remember much from that night. It was a mistake, it is done, and I hope you don't hold me against it. I think you really should talk to him about it. There's no relationship if there is no communication." Now he at least seemed to have calmed down a little. And accepted the reality.

"Thanks, Baek. You really know how to help me."

"Best friends are for that."

"And I'll