, he's patient with me. We've been seeing each other for three weeks, he knows me so well already."

Each word is a stab to Harry's heart, but far god, he does deserve this.

"He makes me feel happier."

It was the one sentence that Harry never wanted too hear, Harry knows he was never that good enough for Louis. Knows he could never, ever make him as happy as he wanted.

"I knew you'd find someone else Louis, I knew you'd move on. I know you Louis, I know you so well." Harry finally speaks up, his voice cracking. "I only want the best for you Louis, I only want you too get the full love that you deserve, the full extent of happiness you deserve. You deserve this guy Louis, I know you do." His heart breaks even more, his hand itches for a drink. "But Louis, if he ever, ever breaks your heart. Just know, know that I will be here, I will still be here for you Louis, because I am still in love with you."

He watches as Louis closes his eyes tightly, breathing heavily through his noise.


God he's so beautiful, my heart aches for you.


"Harry." Louis says slowly, his eyes reopening. "That night I saw you, you looked as beautiful as the day I met you, and as gorgeous as the day I walked away from you." Louis bites his lower lip, his eyes glossing with water.

"I haven't seen him since then, I can't Harry. You know why?" He asks, a small laugh escaping his lips.

"'Cause seeing you that night, seeing how broken you were, made me realise I was still in love with you. I know we never had the perfect relationship, we jumped in too fast, fell in love too quickly, but I wouldn't trade it for the riches of the world. Harry, we have so much to work on, but I love you, I know you love me too." He's moved closer and Harry doesn't remember being pressed up against the wall, but here he is, his heartbeat in his ears and he listens to Louis.

"I thought by finding someone else, I'd move on and forget you. It was working, it was, but I didn't prepare myself for when I'd see you again. I missed you terribly, I did the night we went south, I thought I masked it away, but seeing you again made the true colours shine. I miss you so much, I love you so much, I want you back." His small hands have moved to hold Harry's head, his thumbs are tracing Harry's jaw.

"I don't make you happy." Harry whispers, his own arms wrapping around Louis waist.

"Harry." Louis has a small smile hinting at his lips.

"You made me happier then anyone else ever has. He made me happier in the moment Harry, in the process of trying to move on, he made me happier and not depressed. In general, in fucking general, you made me the happiest. I know I never showed it that well, but fuck, you made me so, so happy." A stray tear slides down Louis cheek, and Harry's hands tighten on Louis waist.

"I love you." Harry whispers. "Please don't leave me again."

"We have a lot too work on, Harry, but I promise to never turn my back again, as long as you don't as well."

"I promise."

When lips meet in the middle, a spark is ignited in the hearts that were dull from the darkness covering them.

A spark of hope and happiness.

This is probably shit but I promised smut so here it is!

Find me on tumblr ; Larrydomain@tumblr.com

Spelling errors are all mine, apologies for that!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            







"I know it will kill me when it's over,



I don't want to think about it,



I want you to love me now."



 

Pain inflicts up Harry's spine when Louis body slowly pushes against him. His mouth opens in a small gasp, his back arching a tiny bit, finally registering that when Harry backed himself up into the wall he managed to get his lower spine aligned with the small hook in the wall. The hook used to hang a low picture his sister purchased for him, but after one too many incidents running into it, the picture finally broke and Harry had too say goodbye to it.

His hands on Louis hips tighten and he uses the strength that he has on the smaller boy, to push him off so he can rearrange them so his back is no longer being impaled by a hook. It's Louis turn to be pushed up against the wall, but no one seems to have a problem with it.

Fingers card through Harry's