partner was coming out of the vault with the gem in hand, the other spotted something.

"Oy," the first murmured.

"What," the other hissed.

"What's that in the corner?"

A split second later the taller had moved to where it could see said object. Then, almost so fast as to take the other by surprise, it jumped onto the pole and ran. Jumping off before reaching the end, a small tug brought the partner along.

They raced through the building, hitting a few minor traps. The taller swerved onto the staircase, taking both its partner and L by surprise. Once on the second floor their path led them into a fairly empty room. The first closed the door and locked it behind the second, then went over to the window.

"Hey, you said we couldn't use the windows!"

"Plans change, get used to it."

"Was that what I think it was?"

"Video camera, live streaming, most likely recording. Very good chance the police are either here or on their way."

"And we are using the second story window because...?"

The taller ignored the other, working carefully on the frame. Finally, the thief growled and reared back, aiming a side kick at the middle of the window. The entire thing shattered, wood and glass raining down onto the lawn. From a pouch at its waist the taller pulled out a long, thick cord.

"Give."

Nodding, the second thief handed over the still put together pole. The first looped an end of the cord around it, tying securely. Then, without warning, the lithe figure dove out the window. The metal bar rang a sound of protest when it hit the sill, but the cord stayed on.

Even with the mask, L could tell that the other was very surprised by this move. The black clad figure ran to the broken window, looking out. Some monitors within L's hideout were wired to cameras outside the house, and as soon as the one thief had jumped out, his attention had been taken by those.

The daring figure had jumped out and run along the side of the house for a second, then shoved off and grabbed onto a low branch of a nearby tree. The body swung around the branch once, slowing, then jumped to another and repeated the process. Then it had dropped, causing the line to snap tight. The landing seemed to jar the figure slightly, but it stood straight and shook it off.

A hand lifted the bottom of the full-face mask a little, going underneath. A sharp bird-like whistle rang out, and the second thief took action then. They had been working on the metal pole, taking off any parts that weren't needed, leaving only enough to stay secure upon the sill. After putting all but one of the extras away, the figure had been still until the sound had reached it. Slipping partly out the window, the thief secured the last free piece of the pole over the cord, one hand on each side.

The figure glided down, bracing for the landing. It let go at the last second, rolling to lessen the impact. The first loosened the cord, letting it slip from the branches. Then, with a sharp flick and a quick tug, the final part of the rod came out of the house. It landed with a dull thud, and the thieves took their respective items back.

They left then, disappearing into the shadows. L sat back from the monitors, a huge grin upon his face. This was much more than he could have ever hoped for. These two would prove to be a tough case, which he had not had in forever. He just wished that he could see the look on their faces when they realized the stolen gem was a fake.

=meanwhile=

The Nightriders had returned to their base. The taller took off the fox-like mask, revealing a soft feminine face with sharp, piercing blue eyes. The mask was thrown carelessly towards a couch, followed by the thin leather gloves that had kept fingerprints from being left. The second followed her example with its wolf mask, revealing a similar face; however this one was more masculine and had soft, brownish-green eyes.

"How did the mission go?" asked a soft voice.

The two turned to a shadowed figure. They bowed slightly, showing their respect. Then the female tossed a bag onto a small round table.

"It's a fake. We found that we were being watched and left without checking beforehand," she growled.

"There were cameras everywhere! And they were... how did you put it?"

"Live streaming with a high probability of recording," the female groaned.

She dropped backwards into a plush chair. After moving a bit she relaxed, her body loosening while her eyes hardened. A hand came up and she rubbed her temples lightly. The male continued to give a detailed description to the third person, whom neither spoke nor moved until the narrative was over.

"So, what say the two of you about