.”

Sheppard smirked.

*

His favorite thing about sharing orgasms with John was just how uncomplicated it was. It wasn’t a relationship, but he wouldn’t label their situation as friends-with-benefits or fuck-buddies (Evan cringed at the memory of hearing those words come out of David’s mouth). He didn’t think there was an appropriate word.

“I don’t think I’ve ever received a congrats-on-your-unlikely-promotion quite as good as that,” Sheppard said with a laugh. Evan was quickly realizing that that promotion came up in every conversation, even days after his return to Atlantis, and even longer since the actual promotion.

“Always eager to please my superiors, Colonel.”

“Mmm. So if Caldwell had succeeded in taking command, I can assume you would be in his quarters right now?”

“You bet your perky white ass, sir.” Which of course, was a lie, because Caldwell wasn’t such fun to be around, and Evan had no desire to discover what he was like in bed.

“Join me for a morning run?” he asked, pulling his pants over his hips.

“Sure. What time?”

“0630?”

“You have awfully high expectations, don’t you?”

“Do I? Or did you just get a little too comfortable with no one to keep you in line?”

“And that’s your job, huh? Keeping me in peak military shape?”

“Someone’s gotta do it. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”

He gave John a quick kiss before leaving his quarters.

*

In the morning, they ran until Sheppard slyly guided them to the mess hall, where an odd assortment of alien vegetables and earth slop was being served. Evan filled his plate and sat down first, across from Cadman, while Sheppard sat with Dr. McKay.

“Ooh, was that a cold shoulder? Do I need to beat someone up?” Cadman asked.

Evan rolled his eyes. “What have you been up to?”

“Teyla taught me some Athosian sparring yesterday. I’m all kinds of sore and it’s awesome.”

“You’re psychotic.”

She shrugged. “I mean, I’ve never been a huge fan of hand-to-hand, but it was still fun.”

Evan translated this to mean that she much preferred forms of combat that allowed explosives. He still thought she was insane.

*

His day went by smoothly – most days did. Atlantis was, by far, the most relaxed position he’d ever held. Barring off-world missions, most of his day job allowed him to do damn well whatever he pleased, so long as he was available should the need arise. He did have to make regular trips around the populated sections, check that the scientists weren’t getting themselves in too much trouble, and file brief reports on daily activity. There really was no such thing as on-duty or off-duty, just asleep or not-asleep (being asleep did not excuse him from being present when shit hit the fan, though it had yet to do so).

In the afternoon, he joined Cadman for a little sparring, despite his better judgment.

He should have listened to the voice in his head that told him it was a bad idea.

“Ow,” he groaned after hitting the floor.

“Come on, Major,” she said, bouncing around a little. “Gotta keep your eyes on me.”

“My eyes were on you. Just not on your feet,” he said, rising, his bantos rods drawn.

She swung at him, each motion colliding with his rods. When he lunged to attack her in return, she ducked, jabbing him in the ribs, and sweeping his feet out from under him again.

“Dammit,” he said as she did a little victory dance. The dance passed just a little too close to his feet, and he took the opportunity to trip her.

“Hey! Not fair.”

“Do the Wraith fight fair?” he asked.

*

When it finally neared sunset, he approached Parrish’s lab. “You ready?” he asked. By some extreme coincidence, the days on P3M-736 were nearly aligned with Atlantis, and as such, sunset here, meant safe to go there.

Parrish grabbed his bag and slung it over his shoulder, then followed Lorne up to the gateroom, where his newly formed team waited.

*

It wasn’t like Lorne disliked exploring unpopulated alien planets – he actually enjoyed it, liked traipsing through the unknown, even liked a little monotony. But he had expected a little more than wandering through the forest in the middle of the night because of plants. Had expected that maybe his first mission in Pegasus might have a little more meaning.

Parrish, of course, was fascinated. Every few feet he found something new and incredible. His pure excitement made the mission almost bearable for Evan.

Right up until they discovered a dead Wraith, that was. Lorne felt a rush of excitement, mixed with the need to get Parrish