the smell of blood in his nostrils.

Zelenka bathes in the river, skinny, naked and pale and shivering from the cold. He has dark purple bruises all over his body and the incision scar is angry red on his back, close to the knobbly spine. The sight of it makes Ronon shift his own shoulders, wince at the feel of the foreign object in there, broadcasting the signal that will bring the Wraith here.

They eat as much meat they possibly can without making themselves sick. Zelenka dries his goosepimpled skin by the fire and makes a disgusted face as he pulls his dirty clothes on again. Ronon feels restless, like his whole body is itching to leave, to get moving again. They're safe for the moment but it won't last long.

"What do you think happened to the others?" Zelenka asks, swallowing and wiping his greasy fingers on the leg of his pants. "Did they make it back?"

Ronon hasn't thought of that yet, has forced himself not to think of it. Whatever did happen to the rest of his team, there's nothing he can do about it now, not without risking Atlantis and everyone who lives there. "Don't know," he says. "Probably, or the Wraith would've said so. They like to gloat."

Zelenka nods solemnly. "They won't give up on us," he says. "Rodney will find a way to track us."

McKay will, Ronon's sure of it. They came for him the last time when the Wraith brought him back to Sateda. Still, he can't allow himself to relax because of it. Until McKay works his magic and comes up with a way to find them and get them help, they're on their own.

* * *

It takes two days for the Wraith to find them. This time, they come through the 'Gate, twelve of them, and it takes the better part of a day to get rid of them all and by then Ronon is covered in Wraith blood and is beginning to feel really grouchy. His ribs ache and being forced to leave sucks, even though he knew it was only a matter of time.

They jump between a couple of worlds to cover their tracks and then settle for the one with the endless swamps. Zelenka swats insects away from his face, muttering something about why everything in the galaxy seems intent on sucking the life out of him.

The shelter Ronon built the last time he was here is still standing, vegetation hanging off it like dark green drapes. This world is warm and humid, the air is thick to breathe and they're drowning in their own sweat. Ronon washes the blood from his shirt and hangs it over a branch to dry, and then lies down on his stomach, dozing slightly in the heat.

After a while, he feels Zelenka's hand on his back, between his shoulder blades, gently stroking his spine. He turns his head. "What're you doin'?"

"I'm trying to locate the transmitter," Zelenka says. "There must be a way to get it out."

"No, there isn't," Ronon answers tiredly. He remembers the first time, how he spent hours hacking into his own flesh with no result. "I tried. Before."

"Then maybe there is a way to jam the signal? If I can find out what frequency it broadcasts on..." Zelenka's hand still moves over Ronon's back. It feels good, long clever fingers against his skin, so he stays where he is and doesn't move. He closes his eyes and tries to relax his tense muscles. Already so tired and it's only been a couple of days.

The Wraith will keep coming.

* * *

This time there's an entire cruiser hovering in the sky over the planet. Ronon grins to himself. They must be pissed off.

It's been nearly a month. They haven't heard squat from Atlantis. Zelenka has learned when to fight and when to run, grown lean stringy muscles. What he lacks in physical strength he makes up for by being a sneaky little bastard. He constructs traps Ronon could only dream of. Right now, he's sitting perched in a tree somewhere, waiting for his latest invention to close up and catch a bunch of suckers.

Ronon kills five before he's hit by a stunner and drops to the ground, limbs twitching, desperately trying to draw breath. This planet is an enormous jungle, stretching out forever, the foliage like a dark, lush ceiling above him and the ground soft. It smells wet and fresh and he tries to get his body working again, push through the paralysis, to get up and kill every last one of the fucking monsters.

A Wraith comes through the underbrush, long leather coat sweeping the ground and Ronon finds himself held up by his shirt, the greenish pale face snarling at him. He's beginning to get the feeling back in his extremities and is just waiting for the right moment when the Wraith