i like how they describe the ass, and stuff..” zayn adjusts his shirt again.

“the ass… my ass.” louis is full-blown smirking now and zayn is avoiding his gaze. “do you like my ass, zayn?” 

zayn coughs, his eyebrows knitting together while he adjusts his shirt yet again. “well uh.. yeah. yeah, it’s a nice ass.” 

“so, there’s a sequel?” louis sits down beside zayn, picking his phone up from where zayn had set it on the couch. 

“yeah…we could uh… we could read it together if you want…”

louis quirks an eyebrow. he’s guessing zayn doesn’t just read fanflick for fun. 

“like… get off to it…together?” he asks.

zayn coughs. he goes to adjust his shirt for the millionth time, but seems to notice the nervous tick and puts his hands back in his lap.  “i mean, it’d really just be two guys jacking off the porn together, right?” zayn looks over at louis, and he seems anxious.

louis decides mentioning the porn is about said guys fucking each other might make zayn back out. he certainly doesn’t want that happening. god, zayn wanted to jack off with him. he’d felt so bad earlier, getting hard reading about zayn rimming him. but zayn got off to it too. zayn wanted louis just as bad as louis wanted him, even if he wouldn’t admit it.

zayn starts rubbing his free hand over his still clothed dick, and louis follows suit. 

in the fic, louis is watching zayn undress while he plays with his hole. louis would really like for both of these things to happen here in real life, but he thinks asking if he can finger himself might be pushing it. so he settles for zayn undressing.

“should we uh.. take our shirts off?” he tries to sound relaxed, but his voice is a bit higher than usual. 

“yeah. yeah, good idea,” zayn nods, setting louis’ phone down momentarily so he can pull his shirt over his head. again, louis follows suit.

zayn flexes as he leans back against the couch again, and louis tries not to squeak. 

zayn tries not to look at louis’ chest, but catches himself glancing over from under his lashes. he clears his throat and picks the phone back up, scrolling down so they can continue reading. 

by the time fic zayn is fucking fic louis, real life zayn and real life louis are both naked and panting. 

when fic zayn cums inside of fic louis, zayn’s hand slams down against the couch to grab at the cushions. louis’ phone falls on the floor.

“shit, sorry,” zayn slows down his hand on his dick, making a move to pick up the phone.

“no, no. leave it. read enough. god,” louis chuckles, but it’s weak.

seeing zayn’s reaction to the thought of cumming inside him has his hand moving faster and faster. he jerks his foreskin back especially hard, and can’t stop himself before he gasps out, “zayn.” 

he hears zayn let out a deep, strangled groan beside him, and suddenly he can’t control his mouth at all. it starts spilling out zayn’s name over and over again.

“fuck, zayn. zayn, yes, yes, zayn, zayn,” louis’ voice is so whiny and needy and zayn closes his eyes so he can focus completely on the noises louis is making. 

he thinks about louis making them because of zayn’s tongue in him, and he can’t help but fuck up into his hand a few times.

“god, zayn,” louis whines, and his voice is closer now. zayn can suddenly feel the pressure of louis’ head against his shoulder.  he opens his eyes to see louis’ eyebrows knitted, his mouth hanging open and his hand moving desperately over his cock.

zayn can’t help but groan, because wow, that’s a pretty sight. louis’ eyes are glazed over and his hair is all matted against his forehead, the forehead that’s nudging at zayn’s shoulder. 

“please, zayn. god. please.”

zayn isn’t sure what louis is begging for, but the pleas are going straight to his dick. 

“kiss me,” louis barely breathes it at first, and zayn is sure he’s imagined it until louis says it again, arching his back so he can move his mouth closer to zayn’s. 

for a split second zayn registers that this is taking it too far, and it’s no longer bros jerking off together. but the next second louis is whimpering into his mouth, so he really doesn’t have time to care. 

the kiss is sloppy and desperate, and louis has arched himself towards zayn so much he’s practically jacking off into zayn’s lap.  zayn doesn’t seem to mind, because he keeps his hand on his own dick moving at a steady pace.