. Lance eventually turned around, facing Keith but obviously staring past him, lost in his own world. Keith almost cried again at the sight of Lance’s face.


 


The man looked so 

tired, 

and 

sad, 

it almost physically hurt him. The once bright blue eyes lost their playfulness, chocolate-colored hair unkempt to the point that even 

Keith 

wanted to comb it out, which was definitely saying something. Keith wanted to do a lot of things right then. He wanted to kiss Lance and tell him to stop being sad, that he was right here. He was to hug Lance, and tickle him until he laughed so hard that he couldn’t breathe. He wanted to be 

visible 

to Lance, or even be able to talk to him until the other fell asleep. He knew he couldn’t have any of these things, and that’s what hurt Keith the most. 


 


He watched as Lance closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, and Keith closed his eyes as well, expecting to be taken by sleep. He wasn’t though, and that made him even sadder. 




Sleep had been one of his few escapes, and even that had been taken with his life. 


As always, hmu @zaynewrites if you ever wanna chat! I accept almost all prompts !!

Added another chapter!! I hope its enjoyable, I kind of just typed it up while on a call with the gf? Its unedited, so let me know if there's any typos!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


Keith laid in their bed for hours, staring at Lance’s face and occasionally letting his fingers comb the other’s hair. He found that if he put enough pressure into it, he could actually move some of Lance’s hair, but he quickly stopped in case it woke the other. Of course, he wanted Lance to know that he was there, but the tanned man needed his rest, and Keith didn’t want to be the one to take it from him. 


 


After around four hours, he grew bored and left a gentle kiss on Lance’s nose before exiting the room, finding it weird that he could walk 

through 

the closed door. It was a strange feeling, one that he couldn’t exactly explain. It almost felt like walking through a breeze, but 

seeing 

the mechanical insides of the door unsettled him, a gentle frown gracing his face as he emerged into the hall. He took this chance to look at his outfit, finding his skin covered by his favorite outfit, minus the jacket. His feet were left bare, but the usually cold floor didn’t bother him, oddly.


 


Keith made his way down the familiar hall, noting how the once light hearted mood of the castle was now low. He stopped at Shiro’s room, letting his head peek in to check if his friend was in there. The man was indeed in there, sitting on his bed and looking down with a soft frown. It was obvious that he was tired and sad, bags under his sharp eyes and short hair a tousled mess. The dead man stepped in and walked closer to Shiro, noting that the Galran hand started glowing dimly as he neared. Shiro seemed surprised as well, eyebrows furrowing as he lifted the foreign technology. Keith stepped closer, resting a hand on the prosthetic, watching as it glowed brightly, somehow reacting to the ghost touching it. Shiro jerked his hand away, and Keith frowned, stepping away and out of the room. He didn’t want to raise the leader’s stress levels more than he already had. His next stop was the kitchen, fondly watching Hunk and Coran cook. They were somewhat happy, though sadness still rested lightly on their faces as they mixed the green goo and some reddish flakes together. Keith didn’t bother to walk in, opting to go visit Red. Maybe his lion can see him, similar to how Shiro’s hand had. 


 


He stepped into the lion’s bay, eyes looking over the room. Pidge was sleeping against one of the pillars, laptop dimly glowing next to them. A fond smile found its way on his face, and then he heard metal shifting, looking back to see red lowering her head and opening her mouth. The paladin happily climbed in, sitting in the worn seat with a sigh. “You can hear me, right Red?” A grumble came from the Lion, and Keith took that as a yes. 


 


“Sorry for leaving you behind back there… I was kind of… In a tough spot. I guess you figured out that I kind of, well, died,” Keith rubbed his face with his good hand, laughing tiredly. “I never thought that I would be talking to you. I guess you’re the only one I can talk to now,” A bitter laugh left him, and suddenly his eyes were filled with tears. He was practically alone. He could barely interact with the other Paladins, and none of them had no idea that their friend’s ghost was wandering the halls. “I didn’