meeting had been left without consummation, he threatened to use a "love spell" on her.  Of course, Aren knew nothing about magic.  She knew that "love spells" were never anything she had heard of, but Tevinters used forbidden forms of magic, so perhaps that was something that he actually did know. Despite the threats, Aren left for the Western Approach and the flirting just resumed by letter.  

Aren and her team had been trudging through the desert when a unique plant caught her eye.  She crouched down next to it and pulled out a small book about herbs in an attempt to identify it.  

Dorian stopped along side her.  "It's amrita vein."  He paused and then picked a few leaves from the plant and carefully put them in his pouch.  Aren gave him a quizzical look and began flipping through her book.  Dorian interrupted, "It's used in some resistance potions, lyrium potions, and is a useful reagent in romance spells..."  The mage lifted an eyebrow at Aren.

Cassandra's eyes rolled hard enough that she just turned and walked away with a disgusted sigh.  

"I don't see it in the book," Aren plied cautiously.

"No? I'm hardly surprised.  It's a Tevinter secret, though."  Dorian responded.

Aren eyed him suspiciously, then stood stiffly and proceeded on without another word.

 

_______________They arrived in Skyhold a week later.  The advisors were convened to hear Aren's report and when the dragon slaying was mentioned, Cullen's tone abruptly shifted.  His pointed questioning increased until Leliana adjourned the meeting with a promise to reconvene later.

Cullen had stormed out and Aren followed him, "Do you have some attachment to dragons?"

Cullen sputtered, "No."

"Then what was that entire scene in the war room about?"

Cullen proceeded through Solas' atrium to the bridge towards his office, "Do you ever take into consideration your own safety before you do things?"

Aren's face scrunched up in absurd confusion, "No.  Why would I do that?"

"You're the leader of this entire force.  This Inquisition, the army, all of these people wouldn't be here if it weren't for you! If you weren't around, not only would this entire fight be lost, this whole organization would crumble.  It is my job to protect you and I can't do that if you're cavorting off to chase dragons!" His voice rose into a volume just under a shout.

"Your job is to command our forces.  I can protect myself." Aren replied.

"You don't seem to have any interest in your own safety if you're dragon hunting!" Cullen yelled as he entered his office.

Aren paused in the doorway with a peculiar expression, "That's not just it..."

"What?"

"There's more to this than you're upset about."

"You're telling me that I'm not actually angry about you risking your life in a dragon fight?" Cullen asked incredulously.

"No.  You're angry about that, but you're angry about it for a different reason than the Inquisition." Aren pried.

"I'm angry because all of this and all of my work could be meaningless if you died!" The commander shouted, putting the righteous anger back around him like some sort of shield against her prying.

Aren shook her head and turned to leave.  She could hear the frustration building until Cullen's voice broke the silence quietly.  "I'm upset because I care about you."

She paused and looked over her shoulder at him, then she left.

____

Aren's head had swarmed with emotions and thoughts.  Suddenly all the playing and flirting had come to a head.  She couldn't play the Game with this situation.  She had before.  She had toyed with men's emotions and felt nothing before for whatever job needed to be completed.  But the one issue that separated every past occurrence from this one were her own emotions.  She hated this feeling, she hated feeling.  She wished she could be unfeeling and as cold as she fantasized, but her own heart beleaguered her.  

She paced in her room for an hour, weighing options in her head.  Everything before didn't matter.  The flirting, the meaningful glances, the gifts were all nothing because she could pretend they were a game or something that was meaningless.  But he had uttered that phrase like some incantation against her and made it all real.  She could pretend, if she wanted.  She could lock her emotions away in their tiny box like she had done before, but to that would injure him and she knew it.  She hated that prospect.

_______

Cullen had been working in his office.  He had flinched when Aren left as if she had physically struck him.  She toyed around with everything and the moment that he had tried to indicate that he didn't want to play with emotions anymore, she had left.  It had injured him.  He had been working in a halfhearted attempt to distract his mind.

His door