neck. He was clearly pretending not to have heard his plea as his hips moved and ground into him more. 

"A-ah, please- Please touch me." 

"Anything for you, Kitten."

He gasped when his cold fingers reached his shaft, slowly pulling it out of his wet boxers. It was throbbing in his hand, already covered in precum and cum.

"O-oh-" he moaned, each pump pulling back his foreskin, causing him to shake with pleasure. Feeling himself do this was nothing compared to someone else touching him. Otabek glanced down at his swollen cock and smiled back at him, kissing his open lips again, sliding his tongue against his teeth and the roof of his mouth. Yuri barely managed the wherewithal to kiss back, his moans increasing with each kiss. 

His hands grabbed onto his shoulders as he worked him more; the pressure was building to its maximum. "Otabek- I-" He gripped his shoulders, hard enough to leave a mark, as his hips bucked into his hand at the start of his orgasm. Cum splayed onto his chest and stomach as Otabek continued to pump his shaft until he was finished. Yuri breathed heavily, staring at himself and then at Otabek. 

"Already, kitten?" Otabek teased, leaning down to kiss him. Yuri felt his fingers scrap up some of the cum from his stomach and he pulled out of the kiss. "Open wide for me," he cooed.

Yuri opened his mouth more than it already was, and Otabek gently slid his fingers in so he could taste himself. Yuri's hands instinctively grabbed onto his wrist, helping him work his fingers in between his lips. 

His tongue licked them clean eagerly. From the tip of his finger all the way past his first and second knuckle, he sucked on them hard as he stared into his deep brown eyes. "That's good, kitten," he growled. "Get ready for me next." 

Once he was satisfied, he stood up and took off the rest of his clothes as Yuri wiggled out of his. "Come here." Otabek lifted a finger, beckoning for him to kneel in front of him. He grabbed his shaft with the other hand, pumping it slowly. He was just as hard as Yuri was.

Yuri positioned himself in front of him and soon his hand replaced the older man's. He pumped it hard and slow, kissing his hip bones and thigh, sucking at his sweet sweaty skin until it was red in multiple spots. 

"Mmmm Yuri, please," he whispered, and for the first time that night he was begging him. Yuri smiled and stuck out his tongue, stared up at him, and licked from his balls up to his cockhead. Otabek's face contorted as he let out a small breath of air. It was purely reaction to how the blond looked under him, teasing him, even with his eyes. 

His tongue continued to move along his shaft and he sucked on the sides of it. Otabek threw his hands back, clutching onto the dresser as Yuri worked on his cock, making sure not to leave a single spot dry. He even sucked on his balls, staring at him with no shame or regret. He just wanted to please Otabek as much as possible. 

"Yuri, please-" He was cut off when he felt Yuri suck on him, slowly inching more and more into his mouth until it touched the back of his throat. His hand flew onto the back of his head and grabbed his blond hair, pushing his head down more. Yuri adjusted without a thought. 

Otabek was quietly moaning above him, his breath was heavy with heat and lust. Yuri knew he was never one to be loud, and he loved that all the more, because if he ever moaned out, that meant he was doing something amazing. 

Yuri let Otabek take over. He gave in to his hand and let him control his head, forcing his cock all the way out and back in. It pressed against his throat every time, causing him to moan with each thrust. Yuri's mouth was becoming sore, but he loved it and sucked even harder.

"Oh, fuck," Otabek muttered, watching the blond look up at him with half lidded eyes, his hands clawing into his hips. Otabek bucked his hips with every thrust of his hand. He didn't even warn Yuri as he came into his throat, holding him down. 

"Fuck," he let go of his head. Yuri slowly pulled his cock out of his red lips. Drool and cum were dripping down his chin as he stared up at Otabek. "You look so beautiful," he breathed, pulling him up to his feet so he could kiss him deeply. Their fingers intertwined as he kissed him more and pushed him back onto the bed. "Not as beautiful as you," Yuri replied with a smirk.

Otabek growled and challenged that, moving down his body so he was at his throbbing cock again. Their hands parted and Otabek's trailed down his sides along with small kisses until he reached the inside of his thighs, sucking on