into all kinds of weird stuff. I know the stories.”

“I dunno… I don’t think Atem would get mixed up in anything too weird. Besides, not everyone’s as superstitious as you, Joey.” Yugi laughed as Joey huffed, the smaller male shaking his head. “I don’t know. Maybe it is just insomnia.”

“Maybe so. I’m sure he’s fine, Yugi,” Tèa said with a soft smile, trying to be encouraging for her friend. The bell on the door chimed as it swung open, causing her to turn her head. “Oh… there’s that new guy.”

Yugi turned in response, looking towards the door at the new teenager swaggering into the restaurant. He was tall and lanky, with jet black hair and, Yugi could only assume, a liking for red clothes. He certainly stood out, if only by the way he held himself and spoke to others. He was different.

“His name’s Duke, I think. I heard a couple girls talking about him the other day. Apparently he’s staying for the summer or something, then he’s out of here.” Tristan shrugged a little, watching the new guy suspiciously. “Makes you wonder what he’s running from.”

“That’s a bit dramatic. Maybe he just likes new places. There’s nothing wrong with that, Tristan. You’re just a stick in the mud. That’s all,” Tèa retorted. Yugi felt a little guilty about it, but he couldn’t help but agree. Tristan certainly was fond of routine, no matter how much he swore he wasn’t.

“Hey, that’s not true!” Yugi winced slightly at how quickly Tristan’s volume escalated, and couldn’t help but look back to see if Duke had noticed them. He accidentally locked eyes with the second person that day, and found himself deciding that he needed to stop doing that. It was getting unspeakably awkward.

Duke, however, didn’t wait to get a wave from Yugi, as Ryou had earlier. Instead, he simply turned back to Rebecca, discussing some aspect of the town that he’d heard was interesting. In short, making small talk. Yugi turned back to the others, zoning into their conversation just as Tristan was explaining how not-a stick in the mud he was. “-and just the other day, I went out of my way to go to the pool a couple streets over! Which I never do!”

“I don’t think that’s… Really what she means,” Yugi said gently, only to get Tristan’s frown turned on him. Yugi raised his hands in an ‘I mean no harm’ way as he backtracked carefully. “B-but it’s good that you’re doing new things! Really, it is!”

Tristan huffed, shrugging. “Yeah, well. I was tired of just sitting around my house getting talked at by my old man.” He fidgeted with his straw wrapper, ripping it up meticulously.

“He still on you about goin’ into the force?” Joey asked, turning his focus from the remnants of his food to look at Tristan. “You still on the fence or…?”

Tristan made a face, shrugging again, as he replied, “Not like there’s a fence to be on, y’know? He expects me to, so. Gonna do it to keep him happy.”

Yugi frowned a little at this admission, not quite liking the implications. He took a sip from his drink as the others discussed Tristan’s possible (probable?) future on the town police force, and he used the chance to sneak another glance at that Duke guy.

He thought himself lucky, this time managing to avoid being noticed as Duke got his food from Rebecca and turned to leave. He was an interesting character, Yugi thought. Definitely someone to keep an eye on, that was for sure. Just as he went to turn around, Duke’s head swung towards their table again, and for the third time that day, there was uncomfortable eye contact. This time, however, Duke looked almost amused by it. He gave Yugi a grin and a wave, though his eyes flickered to a spot just a little over Yugi’s head.

Yugi returned the wave cheerfully, but when he turned back around, he realized it wasn’t meant for him. Tristan sat awkwardly, frowning a little. “Why’s that guy got to wave and smile at people all the time?”

“To be fair, he’s here, isn’t he? That’s what we do in town anyway. Don’t fuss about it just because it makes you uncomfortable.” Tèa raised her eyebrows as if challenging him, but Tristan just folded his arms across his chest.

Joey stretched his arms over his head, sighing slightly as he relaxed back. “Hey, Yuge, what time’s it?”

“Oh, it’s… almost two thirty.”