I’m not afraid,” The boy bounces. 

“Oh, I don’t know…it’s a tall order. I think we can manage it though,” The father rubs his hands together. “Alright, you holding on tight now?” 

“Yeah!” 

“Hold on champ!” He pulls on the chains with a theatrical flair, shouting, “And…here…we…go!” before releasing the child. The boy shirks happily, twisting in his seat with excitement and pleasure. 

“Whoo hoo, look at you go!” The man in the hoodie raises his hands over his head and claps. 

You watch the happy father and son from afar. Your throat is hot and tight. Your eyes are dry. 

You ease out of the tube and slip away quietly. You don’t look back.

 ….

The only sickness on the Island of the Lost was that born of Dark Magic. Not so in this world. 

At first you are wary, untrusting of places that provide food and shelter for those without homes. Your time in the work houses weighs heavy on your mind.

Until a night comes that you don’t have a choice. A wracking couch has plagued you for weeks, mottling your mind, slowing you down. You don’t dare approach the places of healing- hospitals, you later learn. Too many questions, too many adults. It’s far too risky. But eventually the hunger pains are too much to bear.  

You need help. 

You line up with others living rough and in need of a hot meal, not quite daring to look anyone in the eye. In exchange you receive soup and bread and a warm place to stay for awhile. And it’s…okay.  There are no questions. There is no talking. It’s…easy. It’s…nice. 

You come back later, eager for assistance. As you get into line outside you are well enough to take notice of the scowls, the glares directed your way.  There is a condescending sneer on the faces of those driving by. People on the sidewalk step away from you, keeping their distance. You hear a quiet, “Christ, get a freaking job bums.”

They look at you the way others once looked at a cowering, frightened spinner.  You want to scream, run, claw your own skin off. 

Perhaps Pan did not quite numb you to humiliation as well as you’d thought. 

It’s your last time there. 

 ….

She’s been on the streets a hell of a lot longer than you, that much is clear right off. She swaggers into your life, all sharp confidence and twirling switch knifes the day everything almost crashes down around you.  

It’s your own fault. You’re not paying attention, sitting in the warm library just trying to read a book. You don’t understand most of the words- a poor man’s son had very little need for much learning- but you struggle onwards. You think you are safe. 

You don’t see the other patrons looking at your ragged trousers and dirty face. You don’t hear the whispers of, “Should be in school?” You don’t see the hand slowly reaching for the phone. 

Suddenly a strange hand is grabbing yours. A young women has you by the arm, just as tattered as you, her severely short hair dyed to a blazing purple.  She hisses, “Come on! If you’ve got any brains at all, you’ll come with me now!” She jerks her chin. “Move your ace, ace!” 

You look to where she’s pointing and don’t have to be a native of this land to recognize the concerned, doubtful looks being thrown your way. That look coming from grown ups is never, ever a good thing here. 

You leave with her. 

….

Her name is Charlie. It’s not her real name, you know that. It doesn’t matter. 

She wears scruffy sneakers and flannel shirts stolen off cloth lines. Tattoos decorate her arms and neck, completing the silver and gold piercings in her lips and ears. A tattered, black bomber jacket is her pride and joy. Gods pity the man who tried to take it from her. She slices his arm open with a boxcutter without batting an eye. 

You trail after this fiery, cold-blooded street girl like a puppy.  You landed in this place- New Jersey- some time ago now, you don’t know exactly how long. You know how to scrape by here but there’s still so much you don’t understand and it’s nice to have someone at your side again. It’s nice to have someone to take the time to actually show you things, how they work. Even if deep down you know it won’t last. 

No one ever does.

Charlie shows you many things. Where to look for discarded food, who to avoid at all costs, how to hussle. 

Most importantly, Charlie helps you get an identification card, a treasure beyond compare