. “I do.”  “Mom saw it in my Amazon and got me it.”  Bokuto’s mouth dropped open. “No way!”  Akaashi fished it out of his bag and opened the small box. Bokuto’s eyes widened. “I can’t believe your Mom is cool with it!”  “She’s not. She told me to keep it covered around her.”  Bokuto chuckled and peered at it. “I can’t believe I’m standing in front of a diamond.”  “I know, the piercing isn’t that bad either, huh?” Akaashi burst into laughter and Bokuto groaned at the terrible joke as they walked onto Fukuroudani campus, Akaashi being pushed into a bush on the way by Bokuto.

 


Classes lagged, badly. 
The hour lessons seemed to pull on for two hours. Lunch wasn’t too bad. Bokuto had brought an extra bento, knowing Akaashi would forget to make his own, and they sat by their usual tree at the entrance. Kuroo and Kozume called out to them as they made their way over, and Akaashi and Bokuto waved as they jogged over.


  “Happy birthday, Akaashi.”  “Thanks, Kozume.”  They shared a quiet smile before Bokuto and Akaashi frowned at them. “Aren’t you guys going to be late back to class?”  “Teachers are training after lunch. We’re free until volleyball at four, so we decided to come wish you a happy birthday in person.” Kuroo sat down and was immediately attacked by Bokuto, leaning in for a kiss, still shrieking about not getting a photo of Kuroo’s abs. Akaashi and Kozume giggled behind their hands, trying not to laugh too loudly, or be subjected to Bokuto’s whines of being laughed at.   Kozume smiled over at Akaashi and he turned his attention to his fellow setter, smiling brightly. “You heard from Tsukishima yet?”  Akaashi shook his head, popping a rice ball in his mouth, chewing down. “Not yet.” He checked his phone to make sure he hadn’t and missed it. His messages to Tsukishima from last night were all on read, Whats App telling him that Tsukishima hadn’t been online since he read them. Kozume frowned.  “Does it not bother you that he does that?”  Akaashi shook his head. “Not really. It’s just how Kei is. He doesn’t really do conversation, but when he does, it’s always one of the best conversations I’ve ever had.”  Kozume chuckled. Kuroo gagged. “That’s gay.”  Akaashi shrugged. “I am gay.”  They all laughed and then Akaashi’s attention was distracted by a minibus pulling up by the sports entrance, the kanji for Karasuno High School seeming to glitter on the side of it. His breath hitched and he watched from afar as everyone filed off. He couldn’t see well from the distance, but he could see Sugawara’s silver hair, Hinata’s bright, fiery orange locks, and then… then there was a tall blond getting off, and Akaashi couldn’t help the smile that took over his face. Kuroo yelled out, waving (and getting the attention of nearly every Fukuroudani student in the courtyard). The Karasuno team looked around and most of them waved back. Tanaka yelled something relatively intelligible and the four stood up, rushing over to the bus.  Sawamura, Sugawara and Azumane all waved and said their hellos. Hinata jumped on Akaashi’s back and screamed a happy birthday. Kageyama looked away, grumpy as ever but said hello and wished Akaashi a happy birthday. Most of the team did… except for Tsukishima who was leaning on the front of the bus drinking a soda, his headphones on to blot the world out.  Akaashi felt uneasy, and he watched Tsukishima. Yamaguchi nudged him but he mumbled something about being left alone and Yamaguchi shot Akaashi an apologetic smile. Akaashi shrugged and focused on his conversation with Kageyama – have you heard this new setting technique? The Japanese team swear by it. Eventually, the Karasuno team were lead off by Ukai and Tsukishima still had his headphones on. Akaashi watched after him, and then turned. Kuroo, Kozume and Bokuto were all frowning softly.  “Don’t… Don’t say anything. He’s like this, it’s just… hard sometimes.”  Kozume nodded, having his own moods like Tsukishima and understanding, and the four made their way to the door of Fukuroudani to part ways. 

 

The laughs of the Karasuno team could be heard as Bokuto and Akaashi ran, late, to volleyball practice. Somehow, even five minutes late, they were the only ones present when they ran into the gymnasium.

  “Look out!”  A small force slammed into Akaashi and he fell back with an oof, pain exploding in his hands and lower back where he’d landed. Hinata was on the floor opposite him, bowing and trying to apologise. Akaashi chuckled and held his hand up, assuring the first year it was alright before he stood up, brushing his uniform off. Hinata didn’t have shoes on, and neither did Kageyama,