the Time of Shadows?"

Mitchka blinked. "Um." Then she laughed. "Oh, I'm stupid. The Son's Return is the year one, and you came in 2952. So, we should be in good shape." But she looked around and frowned. "But if this is the year one, or after, where is the Son?"

"Uh, Mitchka?" said Colonel. "What exactly is the Son?"

Mitchka shrugged. "The Son is the Son, the hailer of light, the bringer of trade, the gift of the Ancestors to work their Gate."

The boss snorted and said, "God save me from religious types."

"Rodney!" said Colonel and the woman at the same time.

The boss rolled his eyes, but then said, in the most polite and least sincere tone she'd heard him use, "Mitchka, I apologize." He looked toward the woman and she nodded. "Can you physically describe the Son? Because we thought he was a person, someone Klik had a treaty with or something."

Mitchka laughed at him. "A person? The Son is," she moved her hands to describe a rectangle with roughly the same dimensions as Pretty's torso, "a container, of the same metals as the Gate and the Son's Dial, with symbols much like theirs. Inside it contains crystals of several colors, but they are not the same as any stones or gems found on Klik, which surround a strip of metal the size of my small fist. The Son is heavy, much too heavy for its size; when they moved it to the Gate, five grown men had to work together. It makes the Gate work, and this can be done by having them touch directly, but that is not good. Or the Son can work through the Gatekeeper, and that works better. Our family has been the Gatekeeper for five hundred years, but every child in Allrest is presented to the Son on her twelfth birthday, to see if the Son makes a different choice for Next Gatekeeper. Some people from outside Allrest bring their children, too, but," she shrugged, "they're usually freaky religious fanatics."

The boss choked, and Pretty whacked him good on the back. "Oh, yes, Ronon, because I need a broken rib to help with my asphyxiation, thank you." Pretty just rolled his eyes and stole food off the boss' lap. "In any case, that changes things again and we should definitely not leave Klik."

"Why?" said Colonel. The woman looked the question without saying anything. Pretty just rooted through the fire some more, but Mitchka could tell he was listening a little harder than he had been.

"Because she just described an Ancient energy maximizer, and with one of those we would only need a lightning strike to get back to the future, and, so help me god, Colonel, if you make a joke about the fucking delorean, I will put out your eye."

"No you won't, Rodney, but neither will I."

"No, I won't and you totally will, sometime when I'm least expecting it."

Colonel just smiled and shrugged. "So where did they find the Son, Mitchka?"

Mitchka shrugged. "There's a park in the old city with a monument to its discovery, but," she pointed to the forest, "go left on Ganta street doesn't mean anything now."

Pretty pulled one tiny root out of the fire, and it was blackened and crispy and she could tell just from looking at it it would be sweeter than candy. He handed it to her and said, "Yes, it does." He pulled a tourist's map out of his pocket. "Tell me where I've got to go."

The Son was not in the place Sonfall park would one day be, and Mitchka was on the verge of tears. She kept herself from tears by looking at Pretty, and thinking how he would despise her if she cried. Pretty was the only one of the aliens who did not also look as if he were about to cry. The other three looked like they wanted to run into a blil nest and get it over with.

They were sitting in a small, moss-covered clearing, catching their breath. The boss had his shoes off, rubbing his feet and muttering to himself. The woman was working again on her wood. And Colonel was 'keeping watch' which seemed to mostly consist of looking into the distance and clutching his big, black weapon to himself. Pretty was digging around in the bag he carried. He pulled out some knives, and some tana root, and a few klil berries, and a metallic vessel of some kind.

"McKay, start a fire. Teyla, cut up the roots. The girl and I are going to see if we can't catch some of those ground rodents they keep as pets. Somebody told me they're a southern delicacy, so we can give them a try."

The migraal were delicious, as long