if Mika wasn’t in his life.

He wondered if Mika would like his anniversary gift as he stripped his work clothes and slipped into the bath with a satisfied sigh. Even if the blond did like it, he was going to make it up to Mika since his gift wasn’t as great as the effort Mika had put in.

~ Happy Anniversary ~

Yuu exited the bathroom in the clothes Mika had set out for him. He started to think that their anniversary theme was black and white because of the white t-shirt and black pants he was wearing.

He walked downstairs only to be greeted with darkness.

The sun was setting when he returned home and the lights should be on regardless as their home was not built to allow a lot of natural light to come through. Instead of questioning it, Yuu tried to search for the light switch when he noticed an orange-ish glow around the corner.

He was able to make out the faint outlines of furniture and avoided running into any of them as he walked to their dining table. Two plates of food were set at the opposite ends of the small table and tea lights formed a heart and in the middle was a floral arrangement.

Mika stood by the table, still in uniform, and smiled at Yuu when their gazes met.

“Happy anniversary, Yuu-chan,” Mika said with another one of those smiles that just made Yuu’s heart melt at the sight. In a few long strides, Yuu was standing in front of Mika and pulled him into a searing kiss. He rested his hands on Mika’s waist while the blond wrapped his arms around his neck.

Yuu was the first to pull away and chuckled at the blush and dazed look on his husband’s face. He sighed contently before leaning forward and resting his head on the blond’s shoulder.

“Happy anniversary, Mika,” Yuu murmured against the soft skin of the other’s neck and pressed soft kisses against it. Mika started to squirm slightly in Yuu’s embrace, who laughed softly as he released the blond.

“Let’s eat dinner before it gets cold.”

~ Happy Anniversary ~

Dinner was spent mostly with Yuu talking once again. He would enthusiastically praise Mika about the amazing food he had made and complaining about his co-workers.

Mika didn’t mind. He loved hearing Yuu talk about his workplace and how his office job was not as boring as either of them though it was. It was definitely a change of pace compared to the florist job Mika had at a local flower shop.

After dinner and dessert, Yuu offered to clean up but Mika refused and instead had him help out.

The chore was finished much quicker with Yuu’s help, Mika had to admit. But how they ended up cuddling on the couch while he was still in the ridiculous maid outfit with the TV on some random news channel was beyond him.

Yuu looked happy so he’ll have to thank Shinoa for the idea later. Yet he was afraid to ask how the petite woman even knew Yuu would like such a thing.

“So Yuu-chan,” Mika said, breaking the silence that was only filled by the low volume from the TV. Neither of them was watching the news story but it helped create a soft ambiance. “Did you like the anniversary dinner?”

“I love anything you make,” Yuu said and buried his face into the blond locks of his husband, “But yes, it was delicious. I love it as much as I love you.”

“Yuu-chan can be so embarrassing sometimes. My cooking isn’t that good…”

“Actually Mika, I’ve been meaning to ask this for a while now…” Mika shifted on his lap so he could face Yuu. “Why are you in a maid outfit?”

How fast Mika’s expression changed from curious to indifferent answered his question already.

“Do you really want to know, Yuu-chan?” Yuu always gdug his own grave.

“Um, well, not really. I was just curious is all. But actually, I got you something,” Yuu quickly changed the topic and Mika tilted his head. Yuu pouted at the action, “Did you really think I wouldn’t get you anything?”

“Well, considering you forgot about our anniversary last year-”

“You said you weren’t mad about it!”

“I’m still not. I was just expecting you to forget again this year,” Mika deadpanned and Yuu could feel his guilt crawling back up.

“I’m going to get your gift right now to prove that I didn’t forget it!” Yuu said and practically jumped off the couch and ran upstairs. Mika debated on changing out of the dress but Yuu was also upstairs and supposedly returning soon. His thought was confirmed when he could hear Yuu’s loud footsteps pound against the wood of the floor and stairs.

“Here you go,” Yuu said with a grin as he held out a hard cover book. Mika took it into his hands thinking it was too big to be a novel and gasp when he saw the words ‘