leaned backward and landed heavily on his ass. But America didn't mind the pain. He could feel England's heart pounding wildly, proof that the little nation was safe in his arms. America buried his nose into the boy's hair and took a deep breath. "Geez, don't scare me like that, England."

Climbing to his feet, America carried the child back to the window and handed him through the window to Britain before crawling through himself.

"We're okay," America said when he noticed the soldier's worried expression. The child took advantage of their moment of distraction to kick Britain and squirm out of his grasp. America tripped over his feet as he tried to climb through the window and chase after the boy at the same time. By the time he and Britain had made it to the doorway, however, the young nation was nowhere in sight.

"Bloody hell. I should have kept a tighter grip on him."

"It's not your fault. I didn't think he'd try to run after I saved him." America sighed. "Give him some time and I'll try again. At least it'll be easier finding the other England."

Britain tilted his head to the side. "How so?"

"We've just gotta follow the music."

ߛ ߛ ߛ

As America suspected, they heard punk England before they saw him. Not that he was hard to spot. The bright green hair stood out. The music-loving nation had found the old record player in America's basement, along with America's vinyl collection, and had cranked the sound up to eleven.

The punk grinned at them when he finally noticed their entrance over the sound of the blasting music. "Allo, America. Looks like you've finally decided to join the party."

"What party?" America said as he glanced around the empty basement room. "There's just you here."

"I am a party unto myself," the punk purred as he leaned provocatively against the record player. "And the Captain was here earlier, but he went looking for more rum."

"I only had one bottle," America complained, certain that his rum was long gone.

"No wonder he's been gone such a long time." The punk straightened up and ambled over to America in jeans so tight America didn't understand how he could walk. "Are you going to keep me company now?" he asked with a smirk and half-lidded eyes.

"No," the soldier interrupted. "We have a mission, remember?"

"Right." America gulped, trying to ignore how much he wanted to bend England over the record player and make his toes curl while Sex Pistols played in the background. "Uh, you haven't seen a halo laying around, have you?"

The punk arched an eyebrow. "A sinner like me?"

"Cut the crap, music-boy, and tell us what you know!" the soldier shouted, grabbing the punk and shaking him by the lapels of his leather jacket.

"I know what you need," the punk sneered. "A good kick in the pants so that stick up your ass can give you some pleasure instead of just making you a scowling bastard."

"How dare you!" the soldier yelled, his face completely red.

"Whoa, calm down," America said as he stepped between them and gently pushed them away from each other. "You guys don't need to fight. There's plenty of me to go around."

The soldier quickly backed away. "I'm not fighting over you!" he protested. "I'm here to find the halo so we can help Britannia Angel. Remember, America?" he asked pointedly.

"Oh, yeah," America replied, embarrassed that the halo had slipped his mind so easily. He turned to the punk and gave him his most adorable puppy eyes. The kind guaranteed to work on any of the Englands. "Do you know where it is?"

It worked, but not as well as he had hoped. The punk stopped making bedroom eyes and sighed. "I felt something in the Captain's coat pocket earlier, and I don't think it was because he was happy to see me," he said with a dismissive wave of his hand.

"Thanks!" America barely had a chance to say goodbye as the soldier pulled him up the stairs. Britain really didn't like it when he spent time with the other Englands, not that America could blame him. Half of the adult Englands were pure sex on legs. And the other half were tightly wound balls of sexual repression. When the two came together it was like matter and anti-matter. America couldn't decide if it was going to end in a huge orgy or his house lit on fire. Maybe both.

Once they reached the landing on the first floor, they both heard the sound of clashing metal. It sounded like a sword fight.

"Is that what I think it is?" America asked, following