dried and crusty in places. He picks it up gingerly by a corner and straightens to his full height, holding the handkerchief out in front of him. And notices that it’s his hands that are covered in blood, he sops at them, but they won’t come clean. It’s not his blood and it won’t come off.

With a swooshing snick, the swinging doors to the library open in and he quickly stuffs the handkerchief back into the front pocket of his trousers. And wipes his bloody hands together.

“Ah, Willow,” he murmurs.

“Hi, Giles” she says with a small nervous toss of her head.

“We, uh, seem to have a slight problem at the moment,” he indicates the computer with an incline of his head, but his gaze is fastened on her and his brows furrow deeply. “Willow?”

She smiles at him, her lips closed.

“You, you’re all grown up then?”

She ducks her head, nodding, and her shoulder-length red hair swings closed across her face like a curtain.

His heart sings, “You were able to grow up, Willow. I’m so very, very pleased.”

He steps out of the checkout corral and approaches her. He comes in very close and gently reaches out and brushes the hair back away from her face, first on one side, then on the other. He catches her chin between his thumb and forefinger and coaxes her face up looking down at her womanly features. Wondering at her closed eyes.

“Willow,” he whispers and her lids flutter. “I have been waiting for you. You know that?” Her eyes are still closed, he indicates the computer futilely, “I need help with all these overdue books. We’ll need to contact hundreds and hundreds of people.”

As he watches, her lashes began to glisten, teardrops jewelling each one, precious liquid gems falling from her eyes, down her cheeks, trailing through his fingers holding her chin, and pool in his palm.

He slides one wet hand out from under her chin and cups the side of her face; he brings his other hand up and winds his fingers through the thick red locks at her neck. With an aching slowness, time stretches out over years of waiting, he brings his mouth down to hers. She tastes of tears, and mown grass on a summer day, bitter icicles and dry leaves. She tastes of all that.

Beneath his lips she asks him, “Do you think we should, Giles?”

He steps back, his hands dropping uselessly to his side.

“They all die, don’t they? All the women you love? Everyone goes away. Into the ground. It’s dark there. And wet.”

“Is that, is that true? Is that a true thing?”

She nods, her eyes open now, but the tears still run like water.

“Oh, Willow. I am so sorry. So terribly sorry. Here,” he pats at his pocket, it feels damp and he looks down, the front of his trousers sodden red. He pulls out the handkerchief and it drips gore. “Here, here.” He wrings it out, blood spatters his shoes, the floor, splashes onto her pale-stockinged legs. He begins to wipe her tears away with it, red smudges painted across her face, smear across her lips.

And the dripping dripping dripping sound of tears and blood hitting the linoleum, splashing against their legs…

…wakes him.

It was the rain. With a start he opened his eyes, hopelessly unfocussed in the hazy early morning light. It was raining, drops hitting the open window pane and dripping down onto the sill, pooling over the edge and onto his bedroom floor, splashing back up against the baseboard, dark splotches of it. A slight damp breeze from the window wafted across his face and settled on his skin like a thin sheen of blood, chilling him to the bone.

An early summer rain – the gods were crying for her.

Buffy gone forever, buried that morning, how alone she was now. She had tried to tell him, no, Rupert, he admonished himself, she didn’t try, she had told you. She loved you. And you could only stammer and feel terribly uncomfortable. What is wrong with you? What on God’s green Earth above and the Devil’s hot core beneath is wrong. With. You?

And why, in the unending hours of this longest night of your life, are you dreaming of Willow? He rises from the bed and walks to the window. He slams it shut and stands there looking out at the wet, dark early morning haze and wants nothing more than to sob but the tears catch in his throat and he’s left gasping for air.

The huge turbine engines whirred into industrial-sized life just feet away from where he sat beside her inside the plane. The strange plastic window trembling, their fragile human bodies resonating with the roar of man’s astonishing invention of metallic spark and cinder.