time he wanted, but now it was nice to have something to hold on to. Her fingers curled around his gently and her skin was cool, a bit like dipping your hand in water.

It made his feet hurt a little less, to have something to hold on to. Even if his palms still stung from the fall, holding on to her hand was nice. She was going to bring him back to Dad and Mum and everything was going to be ok. His breath was coming easier and he didn’t feel so off balance anymore, not poised to run and hide and cry. Didn’t feel so stupid. The darkness was deepening now and Tom was standing on a street corner with his head tilted back to look at the sky.

Somehow he didn’t look quite as scary as before, even though a faraway street lamp cast everything in shadow. Albus felt the shame creep through his stomach as he watched. Tom was still tall and dark, but this way, he couldn’t see what had made him so terrified the first time around. He was just a wizard, even if he was wearing the most muggle clothes and his hat was strange. He wasn’t any more interesting than some of the real wizards around, the ones with proper hats and long flowing robes.

Tom’s coat didn’t flow, it just fell from his shoulders and it was grey and boring instead of purple or green like some wizard’s clothes.  Mary squeezed his hand and when he looked back to her she smiled, like she knew what he was thinking. Like she wanted to say that it was alright to find Tom frightening. It didn’t do much for the squirming in his stomach. He didn’t want to be frightened, he didn’t want to be lost and he didn’t want to be brought back.

Urgh, he sounded like Lily, whining like she did about all the things she didn’t want to do. He took another breath, making himself breathe away all the nerves and disappointment. It was silly to whine anyway, when Tom and Mary were being so kind. They were helping him and he was whinging like a little brat. He still wriggled his hand out from hers before they could reach Tom but he smiled like he knew and then rocked on his heels a little. Like he was impatient to get going.

Albus swallowed the pain in his feet away and squared his shoulders. It wouldn’t be so long and they wouldn’t be running, he could handle a little pain. Tom frowned at him for a moment and drew his wand. He couldn’t help notice he did it quite a bit faster than the first time around. But no spell was cast yet, even though he could see a spark of magic lying on the tip of his wand. Maybe he was getting a little tired.

‘May I?’

He wasn’t sure what Tom meant, by the way he flicked his wrist but he’d promised to bring him home unharmed, so whatever it was, it would be good, wouldn’t it? If his nod showed any of his hesitation, Tom didn’t comment on it. He just flicked his wrist again and Albus couldn’t help but follow the movement of the tip of his wand.

He didn’t say anything, didn’t utter an incantation or spell, but suddenly his feet stopped hurting. He felt the scratches on his hands healing and when he blinked there was nothing to suggest he’d even fallen to the pavement at all. Even the rips in his robes were stitched up and there was a tickle of energy inside him that made all the tiredness vanish.

He felt like he had only just woken up, only just got here and now there was a whole day ahead of him. Tom smiled at him and slipped his wand back into its holster. Albus smiled back as widely as he could, feeling heady with how awake he was. He could sprint back now for sure, just run the whole way and make James do it again just to race him.

‘Let’s get you back, hm? I’m amazed you managed to make it as far as you did.’

His coat swished a little when he turned and Albus didn’t get the time to answer. Mary made a noise that had to mean she was rolling her eyes again. She gave him a little push between his shoulderblades that somehow made his legs start walking on their own. He skipped a step to see if he could and she laughed at him, the sound only made him feel better than he had before.

‘That’s only because you would be gasping for breath halfway, old man.’

Tom didn’t even stop walking, he just looked over his shoulder and waved a finger at them both like Albus imagined Professor McGonagall would do whenever one of her students did something horribly horribly wrong. The giggle bubbled out of his throat and over his lips before he could stop it and Mary laughed with him. Tom shook his head and halted for a moment