?" He laughs again, embarrassed, and you ramble about movies some more.

"But, uh. Action. Action, action, action. I love the Alien movies. Just the first two, though. The third one is a disgrace to Sigourney Weaver-kind. But man, Sigourney fuckin' Weaver. I'm hella gay but I'd definitely smooch her. All over her alien love-hatin' face." 

He looks a little confused, so you explain. "See, Alien is all about how much she resents and despises these other-world shits." The boy nods a little, listening closely. "But in Avatar, Sigourney Weaver loves the aliens. Like, she gives her life for them. I kinda like imagining that they're the same character." Suddenly, his eyes grow wide. 

It's obvious that he's quite interested in this theory of yours, which is really more of a dream than an actual hypothesis. There's no way this shit is true, but it's fun to imagine. Regardless of how canon it is, the kid's interested and you're happy about that. 

"So what if, after all her horrible adventures, Ripley makes it back to Earth, n' she gets asked to go check out this new planet. Now, she's no idiot. She's seen this before. She's like, he'll fuckin' no. There's gonna be aliens all up in that planet. But she's a badass, y'know? She takes risks."

"Ripley goes on the mission and holy shit, these aliens are nice. Like, super nice. So she makes all the Avatar shit and goes and chills with them and learns their language and she just, she just fuckin' loves them. They get her. And maybe she starts to remember way back when she fought those old aliens. Maybe she starts feeling kinda bad, like, shit, they were just trying to survive. And she's so angry at the world and she fights back, and she saves that perfect world and,"

The boy interrupts you. "And she dies for what she loves." His voice is strong and clear, much different from the timid squeak that left his lips initially. You just nod, speechless at how... normal he sounds. Suddenly, it's like you're just having a conversation with a friend. 

That's... new.

"You can talk." You smirk, causing him to let out an exaggerated sigh. "I must admit that I did not trust you before. You look very much like one of those pale-skinned doctors." Whoa, where is he from? 'Pale-skinned'? Did you just get transported into the world of Pocahontas? 

Suddenly, he laughs, "I'm only kidding, Dirk. I have, indeed, seen a white person before. But I got you, didn't I? Being indigenous has its perks." Was that an unintentional Eminem reference, or is he seriously quoting your idol at you?

This kid gets more interesting by the second. If it weren't for your complete dislike for human contact and his complete inability to move, you'd hug him. 

"My name is Jake, but don't tell the nurses. I prefer to remain a mystery to people I don't like." This suggests that he likes you, which you count as a nicely sized victory. "I'd shake your hand like a proper gentleman, but I haven't the means." It saddens you that he's unable to move. How could someone like this be dangerous? 

Curiosity has always been one of your vices. When you first started getting into mechanics, you tried to take apart one of your brother's less nice cars. You got shocked on the battery and were sent into a two-day coma.

Your brother didn't visit you then, and he won't visit you now. 

Getting your courage up, you ask him a question that you've been wondering for a while. "Jake. Nice name, dude. Four letter names are totally in this season - unless you spell it some weird way, like with two As or an 'I-E-G-H' stuck in there." Jake laughs, shaking his head, and you continue. "Why are you all strapped down? Serket said you were dangerous, but I don't believe 'er." 

He looks kind of sad, like he was wondering the same thing. "You've seen the news, haven't you? I'm the crazy, rabid jungle boy. I attacked someone. That's enough to get a young man placed in shackles, I presume." While his answer should shock you, it doesn't. You got that sort of aura from him, the vibe that he wasn't from anywhere around here. 

"But I assure you," He's quick to say, shaking his head rapidly. "I