the photos were of my injuries and of x-rays. “The three men brutally assaulted her, as evident by the bruises and the x-rays, two of her ribs are broken. I arrived in time to stop them from doing anything worse.” 

“And what happened after that?” Shinra asked. 

“I took her to the infirmary.” he replied. 

Shinra thought for a long moment and looked to Lazard. “Lazard, what do you believe we should do with the three young men?” 

“In most cases, assault and including sexual assault is most punishable by law. If a SOLDIER is the one committing the assault, they would be sentenced to death.” Lazard replied. 

I saw the pure look of fear on the three mens' faces. I almost grinned. 

“But, since I am not heartless, my choice is to ban them from SOLDIER and ever entering Midgar again.” Lazard continued. 

“I believe that's a suitable punishment.” Reeve nodded in agreement. “Should we send letters to their families of why they were banned from SOLDIER?” 

“Yes.” Lazard nodded. 

“Very well.” Shinra nodded and pressed a button on the table right next to him. Three 2nd class SOLDIERs came in and took the three men away.

I wanted to laugh so hard. 

“Dismissed.” Shinra said. 

As soon as we left the room, I burst out into hysterical laughter. Reeve, Lazard and Sephiroth all stared at me like I had grown another head. I laughed until my ribs screamed from how sore they were. “Ahh-ha...that was fucking priceless. The looks on their faces. Okay, can you heal my ribs now?” 

My ribs were healed by Sephiroth's Cure Materia and I sighed in relief. “Thank ya. Can we continue training?” 

“Yes, but after I heal-.” 

“Don't worry about my bruises. I want to train, beginning tomorrow.” I said. 

He arched a silver brow at me and nodded. “Very well. Tomorrow morning, at six AM sharp.” 

“I can do that.” I grinned.



Chapter 6



I woke up with a groan and glanced at the clock on the wall. It was 5:45 and I didn't hear Sephiroth's footfalls. Maybe he wasn't awake yet. I grinned softly to myself, wanting to be evil for a few moments. I got up and slowly crept to his bedroom door, grabbing the doorknob and slowly opening the door. I looked inside, seeing the lump underneath the sheet. I'll admit, this would be very awkward if he was naked under the sheet. 

Oh god, my inner fangirl was coming out. Nope, not gonna think about that. I closed the door slowly and approached the bed, getting into a stance to pounce on him. But as I got closer, my idea to surprise wake him up was faltering. Now I could only stare at him. He was lying on his back, one hand on his stomach, the other resting on the pillow with his fingers slightly curled. 

I felt my cheeks heat up as blood rushed to my face. He was fucking shirtless. I could see how muscular he was, not like a body builder, but still muscular and slender at the same time. His muscles looked natural though. His silvery locks were spread out on the pillows and his eyes were closed (of course) and goddamn, he looked so fucking angelic. 

I really wanted to touch his hair. 

I really wanted to. 

But I knew that was an invasion of privacy. I rubbed the back of my neck, letting out a small, frustrated sigh. I left the bedroom, shutting the door quietly on my way out. I sat down on the couch and leaned back, hugging my knees to my chest gently. 

A relationship would never happen with him. 

I was here to save him, not fuck him, or kiss him, or have a normal relationship. That wasn't my goal. My goal was to save him and others. 

“But how?” I whispered to myself, feeling tears weld up in my eyes. “Minerva, I don't know what to do. You haven't given me any instructions. I can't do this on my own. Please....tell me what to do.” 

But of course, I never got an answer. 

“Of course.” I sniffled and wiped my eyes with the back of my hand roughly. “Of course I wouldn't get a fucking answer. You sent me here with no instructions....nothing, some help you are.” 

I grabbed my hair tie off the coffee table and pulled my hair back into a ponytail. I didn't feel very determined today about training, but I wasn't going to let Sephiroth know that. I didn't want to be seen as weak and stupid. I didn't even know what he thought of me to be honest. He probably thought I was just trouble and was probably going to get rid of me the moment I fucked up. 

Clearly, I was afraid of