and blue paladins seemed to do, it was nice to see them starting to get along. Strengthening their bond was just as important, if not more important, than strengthening their fighting.

Allura watched for a moment longer. Keith approached Lance and patted him on the back in what seemed like a compliment on his fighting. Lance smiled at him, and then reached over to reciprocate.

Only no, he pulled Keith in for a hug.

Odd, Allura noted, but not necessarily a bad thing. They were both stressed with Shiro missing, and had likely come to rely on each other for support.

Then they started kissing.

Allura screamed and looked away from the screen. Pidge jumped and ran over to see what was wrong, before catching a glimpse of what was happening on the screen.

“Allura!”

“Keith and Lance!”

“Allura, it’s okay!”

“No! They’re-”

“Allura! I know!”

“What?”

“I know” she emphasized.

“You knew about this?”

“Yes! Hunk knows too! We swore we would keep this a secret!”_

The two of them found Hunk in the lounge, relaxing.

“Hunk!” Allura shouted, startling Hunk into falling off the couch he was stretched across.

He pulled himself back up before looking to Allura and Pidge in confusion. “What’s going on?”

Pidge sat down next to Hunk, and Allura joined her on the other side. “Allura knows about Keith and Lance,” Pidge explained.

Hunk’s face turned nervous. He gave Pidge a pointed look. “Knows what? That Lance and Keith are fine and aren’t doing anything out of the ordinary?”

Pidge rolled her eyes. “Hunk, it’s fine. Allura knows.”

Hunk sagged against the back of the couch. “Thank goodness,” he sighed in relief. “Now we can finally tell them we know!”

Allura hummed. “I don’t know about that.” She grinned deviously. “I think we should trick them.”

“What?” Hunk questioned uncertainly. “No, we have to tell them we know. The cat’s out of the bag.”

Allura looked at him in confusion. “I don’t know what a cat is, or what it was doing in a bag, but just listen. Lance and Keith have been keeping secrets from us. So why shouldn’t we keep it a secret that we know about them?”

Hunk frowned and let out a low whine. “No, you can’t be serious! Come on Allura, you of all people should want us to all be honest with each other.”

“Oh, Hunk,” she swatted his arm playfully. “Of course I do, but this is just some harmless fun! What Keith and Lance do is none of my business, so long as they’re working together and fighting well. But I think it would be good to get some use out of this.”

Pidge perked up. “I like this idea! They always say they’re going to clean the training room, or check on the lions, or something. So why not just treat them like they’re actually doing that? We can mess with them and get them to do chores.”

Hunk sighed. “I don’t have a choice in this, do I?”

Allura smiled warmly. “No.”_

The paladins were all finishing group training for the day, getting ready to go off in their own directions. “Hey Lance,” Hunk called. “I’m gonna go make something to eat, you wanna come?”

Lance quickly glanced to Keith before shrugging. “Sorry, dude, I was gonna get some extra practice in. Save me something good, though, yeah?”

“I’ll train with you, Lance,” Keith piped up.

Lance grinned at Keith. “Sounds good.”

“Oh, awesome,” Pidge interrupted. “I think I busted one of the training bots the other day when I was adjusting some of their settings. Think you could try and fix it for me? Shouldn’t be too hard, just a few adjustments.”

Lance froze. “I, u-uh,” he stuttered. “I would, but I don’t have any tools or anything. Sorry.”

Allura appeared next to Pidge as if from out of nowhere with a large box in her hands. “Don’t worry! I have some tools right here!”

Lance sighed and took the box from Allura’s arms._

Allura sat in the kitchen with Hunk and Pidge after training. “We need to break them,” she said.

“What?” Pidge questioned. “I thought we were trying to make them do more work by calling them out on their excuses.”

“We were!” Allura exclaimed. “But now that I know they’re keeping secrets from me, I can’t stand it. How dare they lie to me! I am their leader! We have to make them admit to us that they’re involved with each other like this.”

“Finally,” Hunk interjected