as if he knows exactly what Liam is doing. 

“Take a photo, love,” Zayn rasps, quirking one eye open to look at his boyfriend. 

Liam’s now leaning against the vanity with his arms crossed and he feels a slight blush at his cheeks once he notices Zayn looking at his arm muscles.  “Might as well seeing as this is the first time I’ve ever seen you in that bath without me. Not so big and scary anymore, eh babe?”

(“But Leeyum, that thing is going to take up so much space! And who even takes baths anymore?” Zayn whined, sulking behind Liam as he made his way through the hardware store.  “I do, babe, and besides, it’s quite relaxing.” “You know I’m afraid of water!” Zayn protested again, trying his hardest to win this battle.  “It’s a bath, Zaynie, not a swimming pool,” Liam chuckled. “You’ll be just fine.” Zayn rolled his eyes and folded his arms across his chest.  ”People can still drown in a tub, Leeyum.” The younger boy smiled and pulled Zayn into his arms. “Well I’ll just have to protect you then, won’t I?”)

"Be nice to me, won't ya?  Haven't seen you in weeks and you aren't being very sweet," Zayn pouts and Liam giggles, wanting nothing more than to snog the life out of his boyfriend.

He holds his hands up in defense. "'m just sayin', babe.  You look quite cosy and content."

 "I'd be better if you joined me," he responds, waggling his brow.  Liam ducks his head, scratching the nape of his neck when he thinks of undressing in front of Zayn.  It's not because he is embarrassed - Zayn's seen him naked countless times - but because he kind of got a tattoo for his lover after he left and he didn't exactly inform Zayn he was doing this.  It just sort of happened, and Liam's kind of worried Zayn'll think he's daft. 

Liam puts down his wine glass and hears his boyfriend hum in appreciation.  He steps out of his gray joggers and quickly pulls off his white t-shirt, looking at the floor as he shyly walks to Zayn.

"What, 're you gonna get in the tub in your pants, Leeyum?" he teases with a small smile.  Liam flushes again and hooks his fingers in the maroon boxer briefs, still not meeting Zayn's eye.  

"Wait, what's this?" Liam pauses in his motions, eyes wide and standing still.  "Li, babe, come 'ere," Zayn murmurs, sitting up in the bath and beckoning him closer.

Liam sits on the edge of the tub next to Zayn, who gasps and reaches a finger up to trace over the three letters, ZJM, on his chest, right above his heart.  "I got it in the Philippines.  I wanted them to know that they could take you away from me physically and force us to be with other people, but they'll never remove you from my heart.  Obviously I couldn't tattoo my actual heart, but I thought this was the next best thing.  'M sorry if you think 'm lame or a-"

"-Liam James," Zayn interrupts, grasping both his hands and forcing Liam to finally look him in the eyes. "You are absolutely, one-hundred percent not lame or whatever you were about to say.  That is the most romantic thing anyone has ever done for me and I am so totally gone for you."

Liam beams at Zayn, and rushes forward to press their lips together for the first time in weeks.  He can feel the older boy smiling against him and running his soapy hands down to rub at his thighs.  "Get. In. The. Bath," Zayn growls, puncturing each word with a kiss around his face.  

After removing his briefs under Zayn's predatory gaze and carefully stepping into the tub, Liam relaxes back in his boyfriend's arms and this moment feels more like coming home than when he arrived back in England or walked through their front door.  Nothing can compare to the feeling of Zayn wrapped around him.

"Maybe I should tattoo 'LJP' on my chest, yeah?" he asks Liam, still tracing his own monogram above the steady beat of his heart.

"Better hurry up before you run out of room, then," Liam replies, chuckling when Zayn nips softly at his shoulder in retaliation. 

"So mean to me, babe," he murmurs.  "And to think I was going to give you a welcome home handy, but I guess if you're gonna be rude..." he trails off once Liam whines, scooting back to rub his arse over Zayn's hips.  

"You know I'm only joking Zaynie and that I love you infinite amounts!  I know you missed touching me, and hearing me moan your name.  Don't make me do it m'self another night