fly, drawing the buttons tight.

"Cas. Cas... oh God, please man, can I touch you?"

"Yes, Dean. Please..." Cas looks at him through his eyelashes, shy, biting his lip, and he learned it from him, fuck he learned that from watching me.

Dean covers Cas's erection with his hand, rubbing him gently through cotton worn thin and smooth, and slips his thumb inside the gap, tracing iron silk.

He watches, rapt, while Cas's eyes flutter shut and the ex-angel's mouth falls open a little with a quiet moan. Castiel must've changed job classes from angel to freaking red mage because Dean is spellbound; he undoes the lone button of the boxer's fly and takes Cas's dick out, all the while watching as he vibrates on top of the tumbling dryer.

Cas is so hard already that he's leaking just a bit, and Dean rubs the pre-come around the slit. His other hand closes over Cas's hip as he drifts forward and starts sucking, licking, and biting gently at that vulnerable line of neck, something deep in his hindbrain driving him to claim.

"Cas..." he pants quietly, feeling like his brain is melting and exploded at the same time somehow.

"Dean..." his friend's eyes are huge, all pupil, swallowing up a thin line of blue and a shock like being tazed rips through Dean, standing all his hair on end. "Make love to me, Dean. Please. I wish to know what it is like."

Dean's expression becomes shuttered, "Cas, I... do you... do you understand what you're asking?" his hand slows, and he still can't get over this, that Cas is hard and throbbing in his goddamn hand. He can barely process what his friend just said.

"Tie me to this body, Dean. I am already bound to you."

Something in Dean's brain shorts out, all he can think is Cas and tied up.

"O...OK Cas." He picks him up and cradles his body close, hiking a leg up high so no one will see the ex-angel's erection sticking out on the short trip back to their room.

Dean slides the key-card through the slot with sweaty, shaking hands while Castiel nibbles on his neck, copying what Dean had done to him just seconds ago. It makes Dean's dick so hard it's amazing it hasn't shot off like a freaking rocket.

They get inside, finally, and Dean kicks the door shut behind them with his foot. He deposits Cas gently on the bed, slowly lowering him down while he clings to Dean, koala-like. It's adorable and squeezes his heart with a feeling that's nearly suffocating.

Cas's wet hair mats on the pillow, and Dean can't bring himself to care. He follows Cas down, putting a leg between his knees, pushing his thigh gently into his friend's dick to give him a little friction as he kisses him slowly, lips ghosting across and then down to Cas's neck.

"Dean..." Cas cries urgently, rubbing his erection into Dean's leg.

"I got you, Cas. I got you." I'm going to make you fall apart. I'm going to take you apart. Just you watch, angel, Dean thinks, bordering on hysteria.

Dean pauses, hands pushing up under Cas's shirt and skimming his ribs. Cas is tugging at his shirt and Dean complies, taking his clothes off in a hurry. Cas's eyes are hot with want, and his face is flushed with desire that snakes down his chest, making it red as well.

Castiel being sex-flushed is something Dean never thought he'd get to see, never even thought was possible, and he stares openly. Cas has no shame and stares right back, same as he ever did.

Something snaps in Dean's brain and then he's sliding back down, slotting Cas back into him, rubbing against him like a cat. He sucks and licks at Cas's Adam's apple, groaning low in his throat. It feels so damn good, and how could Castiel ever think one hole was as good as the next, ever think anything, anyone at all would do when everything Dean's ever wanted is laid right here beneath him?

"More," Castiel gasps, and Dean is a little bit shocked to find he's this greedy, except for the part where Castiel has always pushed for everything he wanted so maybe he shouldn't be surprised at all.

Dean kisses down to his collarbones, licks along the sharp edge a moment. He then trails kisses down to Cas's nipples, and takes his time with each, licking and nibbling, dragging his teeth along the sensitive nubs between sucks.

His fingers dig into the delicate curve of Cas's hip bones again, and the sheer power, the knowledge that he