of guilt on me?"

"What are you talking about?" Levi grumbles. He punches the stiff, scratchy couch pillow under his head into a somewhat less offensive shape. He's going to end up asking for a real pillow before long, but he wants to put off the inevitable. Besides, there's still a chance that he'll find it within himself to leave and sleep in his own apartment, slim as that chance may be. "We did my birthday today."

"Not anything special though," Eren says. His eyes are practically shining with sincerity. Levi has to look away and stare at the still glowing TV screen instead.

Eren doesn't seem to understand that Levi will never be able to take simply seeing Eren for granted. But since Levi has not yet explained to Eren that he memorized his face long ago-- fearing he'd never see it grinning or smirking or frowning again-- he can't hold it against Eren that he doesn't get it.

(He remembers every moment of that day keenly, the day Eren was transferred out. Of course he remembers; he'd been certain he'd never see him again, never even speak to him. So he remembers the freckles across Eren's nose, the sharp lines of his jaw, the sun burn peeling on the back of his neck and tips of his ears, his almost-too-long hair that bordered on an infraction. He remembers Eren's offhand promise to stay in touch and thinking that Eren would instead promptly forget about him once he was no longer in sight. Even though he no longer needs to cling to this memory so tightly, he still remembers.)

Sometimes, he thinks that Eren might listen if he explained it all. Sometimes, he entertains the hope that if he explained, Eren would not only understand but also confess that he felt the same way. After all, Eren had kept that promise. He'd been the one who sent the first email after leaving Levi's company. He'd been the one who wrote regularly-- every three days like clockwork and a snail mail letter once ever two weeks. For years. The only interruption had been when Eren was lying unconscious in a hospital. The sudden lapse worn Levi's nerves thin.

From the very first day they met, Eren had been the one to do the heavy lifting require to turn their casual camaraderie into actual relationship and then into... whatever it was they had now. Levi had always written back whenever he could, had always tried to follow Eren's lead into deepening their relationship, but he'd rarely had the guts to make any of his own moves. He'd spent nearly half his life in the army and he was still a goddamn coward.

That's why, even when he dares to imagine, he never explains. Saying it out loud is hard, so he doesn't say anything at all.

Instead of explaining, he says, "I'm thirty-five," I don't need a big fucking production." It has the benefit of being true, but it's clearly not enough to satisfy Eren. Levi knows from the way Eren's brows pinch together ever so slightly, from the way he sees Eren's chest move wth a sigh to quiet for his ears to hear. He decides he is willing to concede a little ground. "If you want to do something special, then play me a song."

Eren scowls a little, embarrassed as always to be called on to perform, but Levi knows that his request has pleased him anyway. With a grunt, Eren gets up. He took off his prosthetic hours ago, so he hops the few feet to the guitar stand to retrieve the instrument. He holds it carefully as he comes back to the couch, though he flings himself back down onto the cushions with no care at all. Levi leans against the couch to watch as Eren prepares himself, settling the guitar atop his stump and plucking at its strings to check the tuning.

The guitar is Mikasa’s contribution to Eren’s recovery. Something he could practice from his bed or chair. Apparently Mikasa had tried to teach him to play when they were kids, but Eren lacked the focus. Getting him to sit still long enough to practice chords wasn't an issue while he was healing though, or so Eren had explained with a self-deprecating slant to his lips.

Once Eren is satisfied with the the tuning, he asks, “Anything in particular? Don't got much of a repertoire though.”

“Whatever is fine,” Levi says, letting his head drop back down onto the couch pillow. Eren thinks for a moment, fingers plucking out a simple chord. Levi closes his eyes. The vibration of the metal strings buzzing underneath Eren's fingers travels through the air, feeling almost like a caress in the otherwise still apartment. After a while, Eren shifts from the chord to Silent Night and Levi can't help but snort.

“Shut up,” Eren laughs, though he keeps playing.