during their kiss erupt in his stomach. Just like a teenager.

“Pretty little thing,” Baekhyun whispers and leans down to kiss Joonmyun again. His hand brushing over the side of Joonmyun’s face into his hair.

Joonmyun wakes up some time in the middle of the night, Baekhyun’s arm around his middle and breath ghosting on the back of his neck. He doesn’t remember falling asleep, but he’s glad none of this was a dream. Joonmyun flips over so he’s facing Baekhyun, his features barely visible in the dark.

“Baekhyun,” he whispers, fingers gliding down the younger’s face and cupping his jaw. Much like how Baekhyun was doing earlier, he notices. “Baekhyun-ah.”

Baekhyun mumbles a quiet ‘what’, still half asleep. Joonmyun can’t help but laugh quietly to himself.

“I like you, too.”

“I know.” Baekhyun smiles, and burrows into Joonmyun, holding him close. Joonmyun closes his eyes again, a grin on his face and heart flipping in his chest.

The next time he wakes there’s sunlight shining in his room and an alarm is going off on his side of the room. He blinks a few times, trying to get his eyes to adjust to the brightness and startles a bit when arms squeeze around him gently when he tries to get up. He smiles to himself and peels off Baekhyun’s hand from around his middle.

“Stay in bed,” Baekhyun mumbles into the pillow as he grips onto Joonmyun’s shirt. “Cuddle.”

“I need to turn off the alarm,” Joonmyun yawns as he pats on Baekhyun’s hand until he lets go of the fabric. The younger grumbles to himself and surely six a.m. is too early for Joonmyun’s cheeks to be hurting from smiling.

When Joonmyun looks back over to where Baekhyun is buried under the blankets, the eye that’s peeking out at him turns to a crescent and Joonmyun’s heart melts immediately.

“Come back now,” Baekhyun says, his morning voice scratchy and muffled by the blankets. Joonmyun wishes that he could, but he has to go to work. He sets his phone down on his bed before shuffling back over to Baekhyun’s, he has fifteen minutes to spare.

Instead of laying next to Baekhyun, Joonmyun climbs on top of the younger, straddling his hips. Baekhyun opens one eye and looks up at Joonmyun, hands finding his waist immediately. “What’s this?”

“Don’t get your hopes up too high,” Joonmyun laughs quietly and leans down, taking Baekhyun’s face in his hands. “I don’t have enough time this morning to do everything I want to with you.”

Joonmyun feels Baekhyun’s cheeks heat up in his hands at the same time a blush of his own takes over his face. He squishes Baekhyun’s cheeks in his hands and pecks at his pouted lips once, twice.

“Oh? Is… Is that a threat?”

Baekhyun can’t even hold back his own snort as Joonmyun falls forward and laughs into his shoulder. This is the happiest he’s ever been in the morning, ever.

“Sure, Baekhyunnie, you can think of it as a threat,” Joonmyun says after he’s mostly composed himself.

“Kiss me again,” Baekhyun whispers as his hands rub up and down Joonmyun’s lower body, they push up under his shirt, then back down to his thighs. Joonmyun doesn’t even need to think about complying.

Joonmyun brushes the hair out of Baekhyun’s eyes as he leans down again and presses their lips together. Baekhyun sighs softly and Joonmyun licks into his mouth, not unlike how Baekhyun did last night. They move slowly, lips finding their way back to each other blindly when they need to breathe. It takes everything inside of Joonmyun not to roll his hips against Baekhyun’s.

“Okay,” Joonmyun sighs against Baekhyun’s slicked lips. “I have to get ready for work.”

Baekhyun pouts and whines a little, hugging his arms around Joonmyun's middle, holding him in place. Joonmyun kisses him again, because he can. After a few more kisses Baekhyun reluctantly let’s go of Joonmyun, but if he's being honest he doesn’t want to leave either.

"Come with me to the kitchen," Joonmyun says as he buttons his shirt. He looks over to where Baekhyun has sat up in the middle of his bed. The blankets are pooled around his waist and across his lap like cotton waves and his hair is a dark mess atop his head. Baekhyun has his chin resting in the palm of his hand as he watches Joonmyun get dressed. He looks soft and sleepy and kissable. Baekhyun gave his opinions on the shirts Joonmyun was picking from. Dark colors were out of the question today, apparently. He even picked out the watch Joonmyun is now latching around his wrist. It's shockingly domestic, and it takes the air out of Joonmyun's lungs.

Baekhyun climbs wordlessly out of the bed and slips on the shirt he discarded