.

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to," Niall starts off and then Zayn's laughing, such a melodic laugh, it has such a nice vibrato almost, even better than the Skrillex song playing over the speakers, Niall thinks.

"You don't have to apoligize Niall, it was just a game, Harry had no idea you're basically the king of beer pong, it's cool mate," Zayn says while still trying to hold up a very drunk Harry.

"Yeahhhhhh, you're like irish, or something." Harry slurs.

Niall then erupts into a roar of laughter, eliciting a few hiccups on Harry's part and Zayn's looking up at Niall, so endeared.

Niall notices and calms down a bit, but not before a blush is spreading like wildfire across his face.

"Zaaaaaayn, can we go home now, I'm tiiiiiiirrred," Harry slurs, and Niall can see Zayn's having a hard time keeping Harry up, at the same he doesn't want Zayn to leave, but that's selfish of himself.

Zayn then looks up, he's giving Niall a sorry look.

"Uh, I have to, take care of Harry,"

"No, no, no, it's fine, uhm, it was nice meeting you, maybe I'll see you, again? Niall asks with an obvious glint of hope in his voice.

Zayn's smirking at him now.

"Who said I wasn't going to come back?" And, shit Niall's blushing now.

"Oh, I wasn't saying, I was just,"

Zayn's lauging again and Niall's blushing still.

"I'm just taking Harry upstairs into his room."

"Oh, Harry's part of this fraternity too?" Niall asks looking down at Harry who's softly snoring, while the party is still roaring around them.

"Yeah, haha, why do you ask?" Zayn's wearing a mischievious glint and Niall continues.

"No, it's just you 2 definetly don't fit the whole frat boy stereotype,"

"And what is your definition of frat boy?"

"Like tank-tops, snapbacks, hooking up with people, taking people to your rooms and stuff, you guys don't look like you fit that criteria," Niall shrugs because it's true, Harry and Zayn look like their straight A students for all he knows.

Zayn looks down at Harry and smiles before erupting into a laugh and then a smirk, before looking back up to Niall.

"Well if you want to see the real frat come out of me, why don't you stick around, I could probably show you those last 2 things you mentioned later," Zayn grins, giving Niall a small wink before carrying a incoherent Harry up the house's stairs.

And, Niall's frozen in his spot. Never has he felt so intimidated in his life, his palms are sweating and Zayns suggestion is making him a little more hazier in the head than he needs to be.

He's standing in the middle of the doorway leading into the kitchen and the dance floor where bodies are moving aimlessly around.

Niall goes into the kitchen and again goes to sit at the stool where his night had started.

"Okay, stay calm Niall, he's just a boy, just a gorgeous boy you wouldn't mind spending a lot more time with," Niall tells himself while taking long drinks of a beer he picked up on his way to the kitchen counter.

He's picked out of his contemplating mind when a voice asks him,

"Mind if I join you?"

"Uh, no, uh go ahead Zayn,"

It's the first beer Niall has seen Zayn with so far, and the way his lips are closed tightly around the top of the bottle and the way he licks his lips afterwards has Niall looking away.

Zayn seems to notice.

"You alright Niall?"

"Yeah, yeah just a little tired is all, but I'm alright," Niall needs to keep the conversation going because that might be the only way to calm himself.

"How's Harry?"

Zayn's taking another drink and Niall has to cough the other way so Zayn won't catch Niall's obvious blush.

"Mh, yeah he's alright, probably going to have a massive hangover tomorrow, but he'll live," Zayn smiles and Niall smiles back feeling butterflies in his stomach and he's taking another drink to get rid of the feeling.

"So you're definitely not from here are you?"

Niall appreciates the small talk Zayn is making because it eases off some of the nerves that keep creeping up on Niall because of Zayn.

"Yeah, I'm irish, moved up year my first year of high school and have been here ever since," 

"Ah no wonder you could take those drinks well,"

"Wait what do you mean, what drinks?" Niall asks confused, finishing his