Buffy stared down at him. He was actually blushing. "No. Giles, you're hurt--and  dirty--and concussion patients aren't allowed to, anyway. I'm getting this shirt  off. Believe me, it's not like I'm seeing anything new, okay? I won't make  jokes."

Giles grunted and said nothing more. Buffy slipped the tattered remains of the  black shirt over his shoulders. She'd been lying about one thing--she was  definitely seeing something new. Even during training Giles was always Mr.  Modesty, and usually she wasn't the one to tend his injuries. She knew, of  course, that he was fit, but she was just so used to him hiding his body like a  turtle in a tweed shell that she hadn't really thought about it.

Knowing hadn't prepared her for seeing. Giles' chest was thick with muscle,  furred with curly dark and silver hairs. His torso tapered down to slim hips,  still snug in the tight black jeans. His stomach wasn't flat, but it came close.  The hairs were dusted more thinly there, thought a dark patch trailed down from  his belly button and continued under the snap of his jeans. Buffy realised where  her interested gaze was leading her, and turned back to the matter at hand.

The cut stretched diagonally across Giles' chest, deepest through the paler skin  of his ribs under his left arm, and ending in a shallow slice just above his  right nipple. Buffy wrung out the cloth and cleaned the blood away, feeling the  shape of those muscles through the thin material. The hot water seemed to relax  Giles and though he kept his eyes closed, he lay more easily under her touch.  His breathing deepened and Buffy knew he'd fallen asleep. She'd have to wake him  up every two hours or so to check on him. For now, she enjoyed the silence, and  felt freer about watching him. Strange how much she just wanted to sit here  staring at him. As if he'd vanish if she blinked. As if she were seeing him for  the first time.

The cut wasn't too serious, and already scabs were forming. Buffy supposed it  would eventually join the other pale pink scars that twisted over his skin like  map-lines. She was glad that she couldn't see his back, and the marks Angelus  had made.

Finally, Buffy unwound the strips of shirt from his left and took it carefully  in hers, trying not to wake him up. This was a deeper slash, across all four  fingers and just above his thumb. It looked like he'd actually tried to grab the  sword out of the vampire's grasp. What had he been thinking? Had it been the  vortex, clouding his mind, forcing him to try something desperate? The vampire  had latched onto the meatiest part of the palm. Buffy curled each finger in  turn. Giles mumbled and moved his head in his sleep, but didn't wake. He could  still move everything all right, and that was definitely of the good.

Buffy took out fresh gauze, and after cleaning the cut, wrapped it once more.  She kept holding Giles' hand, rubbing her thumb over the warm skin of his wrist.  The pain medication had done its job, erasing the lines of tension on Giles'  forehead and around his eyes. His pulse was a slow, steady thrum against her  fingers. Buffy laid his hand in her lap and reached out to brush his damp hair  off his forehead, carefully avoiding the lump.

His hair was soft, a real change from Angel's over-enthusiastic use of gel.  Buffy let her hand cup Giles' cheek, then trailed her fingers down to his  shoulder. He really was very solid. Had to be, she guessed, if he was supposed  to keep up with her. And he did--and not just with the training. He always  managed to keep up with her, and she knew it was so that he could be there to  catch her if she fell... Buffy wondered what his chest hair would feel like  beneath her palms. As soft as the hair on his head? Ticklish?

Angel, it seemed, had always been ready to lose his shirt. Maybe he was more  built than Giles, but Giles' shyness somehow made seeing him shirtless that much  sexier. That thought brought her up short. Had she just used 'Giles' and 'sexy'  in the same sentence? Especially the sentence 'Giles is sexier than Angel'?  Buffy sat back, letting 'ew' fight with 'no kidding', and finally admitting that  it was true, or had become true, some time in the past two days.

Maybe it's just some weird rebound thing, she thought. Maybe it's  not him...maybe if Xander were here right now I'd feel the same way.

Except she didn't want Xander here right now. Or Willow, or Oz, or anyone. She  didn't even want Angel anymore. Giles' battered, bruised face was all