with significance for Dean, why it affected him so deeply, yet he did not need to understand in order to find the sight of Dean in them beautiful.

The scent of arousal rose up off of Dean suddenly, as if Castiel had broken through whatever it was Dean had used to keep himself tamped down. Castiel mouthed over Dean’s cock and it stirred in its tight cage of smooth fabric, lengthening and thickening so that the constriction grew more pronounced and every ridge and vein could be seen in relief, the head of his cock pushing at the elastic waistband, threatening to pop out. Castiel slid his fingers beneath the elastic at Dean’s thighs, over the firm muscles of his ass, and Dean’s head fell back on a groan, his hands going to Castiel’s hair, fingers trembling against his scalp. He was trembling everywhere, Castiel realized, little tremors in the muscles of his thighs and abdomen that he fought by locking his knees and sucking in his stomach.

Castiel slid his fingertips into Dean’s cleft, finding, to his surprise, that he was already loose and wet with lube. This was… different. But Castiel was inexperienced, not naïve and not unobservant. He knew enough about human behavior to understand what was being asked.

“You want to be fucked in those panties, don’t you Dean?” 

Dean didn’t answer, just nodded his head, eyes dark with lust, staring at Castiel as if he was the only thing he could see. It was, Castiel mused, quite pleasant to have Dean’s full attention, to feel that he was finally as aware of Castiel’s power as he should have been all along.

Castiel pushed two fingers inside. Dean was warm and very slick, offering only the slightest resistance. He must have spent some time and effort getting ready. The noise he made as Castiel’s fingers delved inward was desperate but stifled, like he was trying to hold it back. That would not do, Castiel thought. Not at all.

He lifted Dean up, turned and deposited him on the bed. Dean uttered a startled shout, reminding Castiel that he really should have warned him first. It was easy to forget that humans were not used to such treatment. 

With a thought, his own clothes vanished and he leaned down over Dean, one hand braced on the bed at Dean’s shoulder. The other he dragged down Dean’s torso hooking his fingertips in the waistband and drawing it down just below the dark, shiny head of his cock. There was a smear of wetness at the tip and Castiel rubbed with his thumb, spreading it around. Dean arched, his hands flying to Castiel’s hips and holding on, fingernails digging in, bright points of pain that sparked along Castiel’s nerves.

“C’mon Cas, please, just fucking do it…”

“Do what, Dean?” Castiel asked, though he was already carefully tucking Dean’s cock back into the panties and nudging him to turn over. He rolled onto his stomach and Castiel helped him into position, drawing him back onto his knees, legs widely spread.

“You know, just do it,” Dean grumbled.

Castiel said nothing, sitting back on his heels and admiring the sight of Dean’s satin-clad backside. There was a wet spot from the lube. Dean would have said it was obscene, but Castiel just found it sweet, that Dean had been so eager for this that he’d used more lube than he could keep inside him.

“C’mon.” It wasn’t quite a whine, but very nearly.

“Tell me,” Castiel said, laying a hand on the small of Dean’s back. He stroked along his spine, pushing him down until Dean had to turn his head to keep his face from being smashed into the pillow. Castiel’s hand splayed across his cheek, thumb hooking into the corner of his mouth. Dean licked it and Castiel rubbed over his bottom lip, feeling Dean’s quick, panting breaths against his skin.

“I want,” Dean licked his lips, tongue passing over Castiel’s thumb. “I want you to fuck me.”

“What else?” Castiel knew there was more. There was always more with Dean.

“Wanna – oh fuck.” Castiel drew down the back of Dean’s panties, just far enough to expose his hole. It was pink and shiny like the panties, just as pretty. Castiel bent forward and kissed it, not minding the lube, and Dean made a noise that was part sob, part laugh, rolling his face into the pillow so his voice was muffled when he spoke. “Wanna come in these – in these – all over these p-panties,” he gasped. “Make a mess in ‘em. F-fill ‘em up with c-come.”

“You will,” Castiel said, “I promise you that.”

Dean just groaned inarticulately as Castiel knelt behind him, rubbed the tip of his cock against Dean’s entrance until, with an impatient growl, Dean shoved backward