aren’t you?”

She grinned as Thursday gurgled at her, then reached for the wet wipes, baby powder, and a clean diaper. The itty little feet were tickled and then lifted up so the wet wipes could be used. The nasty old diaper was tossed in the lidded trash can set up next to the changing table and the fresh one quickly positioned under Thursday before the baby could decide she needed to potty again. Shake on the powder and –

“Buffy? Buffy, are you there?”

Oh crap, Willow had been talking the entire time. “Yeah, I’m here. I completely spaced on what you were saying. Thursday needed a diaper change.”

She folded the diaper over and closed the tabs, then unbuttoned her own shirt. Thank God for nursing bras, she thought, opening up one of the cups and settling the baby against her chest. They’d started getting the hang of the whole latching on thing in the past few weeks. It only took a couple of tries before Thursday was suckling away and all was suddenly very right with Buffy’s world. God, hormones were great.

“Spike’s making you take care of the baby while you’re trying to study?” Willow sounded indignant and wrathful on Buffy’s behalf. Maybe there was a time when that would have been touching, but right now it was just irritating, though not quite enough to completely harsh the nursing mommy buzz. “Why isn’t he changing the diaper?”

“Because I have baby watch right now,” she said. “I’d have some other help, but Mom’s on a buying trip, and Dawn has her own studying to do.”

She was still trying to figure out how to balance all of the aspects of her life – mother, Slayer, girlfriend, student, daughter, sister – and Spike had ended up doing about eighty percent of the child care. In part because he had more free time, but also because he was “mommy” to Thursday in that whole “I was inside of you for longer than I’ve been outside, and the world is a loud and scary place” kind of way. Despite what Willow seemed to think, he was more than pulling his weight, and was currently enjoying one of the greatest gifts you could give a stay-at-home parent: twenty minutes of uninterrupted naptime.

The grumpy mood didn’t last long, those lovely, lovely hormones managing to overcome it. She had the most beautiful baby in the whole entire world. She was the best, and such a good little eater, too, yes she…. Damn it, she’d spaced again and completely missed whatever it was Willow was saying now. Probably more accusations about Spike being a lazy asshole. She sighed and switched the baby to the other breast without dropping baby or phone. Hooray for Slayer reflexes!

“I can’t put it all on Spike just because we decided I should stay in school,” she pointed out.

Dead silence on the line, and Buffy winced. Willow had wanted to continue, but had been convinced to wait while she adjusted to the missing arm. Something she could have done more easily with magic if Tara and Giles weren’t monitoring everything she did with it. Which, honestly, kind of seemed like a good thing, based on what Tara had been telling her about magic. Willow seriously needed to go back and study the fundamentals.

“I’m sorry,” Buffy said quietly into the phone. “Look, I –” The timer in the kitchen dinged. “After finals. We’ll do something then, okay? Right now, I’ve got to go. Bye.”

She hung up the phone after Willow’s sullen goodbye with an uncomfortable feeling of guilt and relief. Things were still so weird and tense between the two of them, and being busy all the time really wasn’t helping. There had been some nasty, hurtful things said and done on both sides, and, well… Buffy had responsibilities now.

The biggest of those responsibilities had drifted off to sleep. Buffy smiled down at her, moving her finger down to tickle one little palm. The finger was instantly grabbed with what had to be a fairly strong grip for such a tiny, fragile being. She took her finger back and used it to gently break the suction around her nipple.

“Time to go visit Daddy,” she whispered, getting her clothing straightened before going up the stairs.

She settled Thursday into the bassinet beside her bed, kissed Spike to something vaguely resembling wakefulness, and then started pawing through her textbooks. She’d just been studying English. Should she move on to the poetry analysis stuff, or give herself a break from languagey type things and poke at History for a bit? You had to balance these things just right, or your brain would rebel.

There was a soft rustle of sound behind her. Probably Spike sitting up and looking at Thursday. He still had to reassure himself a lot that she was really there. Ben said it was perfectly normal considering what he’d