just happy to see me?” Jane says.

 

* * *

 

John shifts and wakes when Sherlock gets back into bed.

“Ugh, hey, why are you wet?” He shifts away from her, sits up, coming to full alertness. 

Sherlock shivers, naked, and dripping all over the sheets.

“I don’t want to talk about it,” Sherlock says.

“Christ, let me get a towel.” He goes to the bathroom, and Sherlock stares at the ceiling, half trying to speed her brain up, to process every shred of new information, and half trying to not think at all. She’s come to identify that heavy feeling in her stomach as guilt, and she does everything she can to ignore it, even when John sits her up and wraps an oversized towel around her.

“So you found the pool after all,” John says. “Did you fall in, or were you pushed? I hope you weren’t poisoned.”

Sherlock turns to him, hoping her face doesn’t give away everything. Thankfully, John is slow, and he just looks puzzled.

“I—I have a weakness, John,” she says. “A blind spot.”

John frowns, his confused frown, and it’s normally a look Sherlock loves on him, because it’s so human, but now it makes that heavy feeling in the bottom of her stomach twist. 

“I figured out what was missing,”  she says.

“What was it? Did you solve the case? Do you feel stupid?”

“Abominably stupid.”

“Tell me.” His smile is sleepy, but still eager. He takes a corner of the towel and rubs it over her damp hair.

“I haven’t solved it,” Sherlock says. She stares into his adoring eyes. “I need to shower. Go back to bed.”

“Sherlock. What happened?”

“I’ll tell you in the morning. Sleep. I’ll be in soon.”

“Dry yourself off this time, yeah?” John is too tired to protest. Sherlock is thankful.

She stands in the shower for a long time, with the water on as hot as it will go, until there is no heat left. Then she stands in the cold.

By the time she returns, John is asleep. When she crawls into the bed, he instinctually curls around her. She takes him into her arms, and he hums happily. 

She can’t tell him in the morning. Maybe she won’t tell him at all.

For the location of the estate, I googled where Mr. Darcy's estate was in Pride and Prejudice. For the poison, I googled what killed Joffery. I am not particularly concerned with the facts of reality, and you shouldn't be either, you pretty thing, you.

Sebastian makes a full English breakfast, which John eats with great enthusiasm. He is breaking Sebastian down with little compliments and army jokes, and that stupid smile he gives when he is trying to appeal sexually to a stranger. Sherlock can’t eat.

Victoria is no where to be found.

“So, you’ve got to tell me what you discovered by falling in the pool in the middle of the night,” John says when Sebastian leaves the dining room for a moment.

“I went for a swim,” Sherlock says. “When I got out, I noticed a strychnine tree growing in the corner. It’s the tree used to make the poison that killed Joseph. There are, in fact, at least twelve different lethally poisonous plants growing in this house.”

“But the police found poison in the scotch bottle. It couldn’t have been accidental,” John says.

“In a house filled with guns, it is only a matter of time before someone is shot. This house is filled with poison. The entire estate, and everyone inside it, is toxic.”

John blinks at her. “Did something happen with Victoria?”

“We’ll go look at the body as soon as you are done stuffing your face, though I highly recommend you cease your flirtation with the man carrying around a sniper rifle, because he is, in fact, carrying it around for a reason. Then we will return to London. I can solve it from there.”

“Return—Sherlock, we just got here. I’ve never seen you walk away from a case before.”

“We’re not walking away. We’re taking a brief tour of Chernobyl, and leaving before the radiation seeps into our blood.”

“I haven’t even been to the pool. You at least got to go swimming.” John raises his eyebrows accusatorily, and Sherlock wonders for a moment if he knows. But he couldn’t possibly. There would be a lot more angry screaming. 

“Finish eating. I’m going to get dressed. Don’t let Sebastian know you have the barrel of a hand gun between your arse-cheeks, or there will be no extracting you.”

John laughs, and shakes his head, and shrugs, at a momentary