gruesome sound as it hit and splattered more gore upon her unshod feet. 

He wanted to close his eyes but could not. It would have been a betrayal.

"Oh, Belle." Her name a cutting blade in his throat. His hands helpless to reach out, frozen as though trapped in squid ink, but it was not his horror at what he had done that held him but rather his understanding of what he had undone.

"Thank you," she whispered. 



She actually uttered words of gratitude, wiping blood from her face with the inside of her wrist. He thought his stomach would flip completely over and empty itself. But it didn’t and he held her gaze, inclining his head in the slightest motion of recrimination. 

"She would have crushed your heart-" He could hear his apology, the pleading of his justification. For love. 

"I know!" She interrupted him, too quickly, too loudly. Then bent her head and whispered again, "I know that, Rumple. You saved me." There was a crescent-thin waver in her voice.

"By annihilating her and and and-" Words were useless so he waved an impatient hand at the detritus of Belle’s captors. 

"Should I?" she hesitated and her vacillation was injurious to him. "Should I kiss you now? Release you from your curse?" 

He was boggled by this and took a quick step backwards, away from her, both hands up as though a shield. "You must be joking. You think True Love’s Kiss can weather this brutality, this destruction? Look inside yourself, my Lady, and be honest." He turned from her expression and waded further away from her through the muck to the narrow window. The Enchanted Forest spread before him, once a maiden full of promise, now a crone on her death bed. How had he allowed this to happen? It was worse than Baelfire commanding him to murder Beowulf. Belle had not held the dagger, she simply had let him off his leash, unloosed the monster she had spent so many months holding in check, with a nod of her head, a signal between them that had never been preordained but was as clear a message as if she had shouted out, Now, Rumpelstiltskin, destroy them all! He could not begin to imagine the words in her mouth, but his ears were filled with her cries. 

And destroy he had. Regina and her father. The armoured henchmen in their ridiculously overwrought helmets. The genie. All of them plotting against him, setting him up, the Dark Curse nothing but a chess piece on a board half-obscured. Regina readying to thrust her hand into Belle’s breast and pull out her heart. He could never have allowed that. Not that.  

"As payment then?"

His heart stumbled and then staggered. Forgive, forget. Repent, wipe clean the debt owed. He wasn’t one to repent ever ever but surely he paid penance, both of them drenched in the blood of their enemies. 

Baelfire lost forever now. Centuries of well-laid plans dashed aside, the destruction total, there would be no salvaging, he had needed the Evil Queen, had twisted her to his own ends, and now it was all for naught. No happy endings for any of them.



~***~ 

He had chased her from him, out of any reach of his longing arms, so frightened by the beginnings of the transformation wrought by True Love’s Kiss.

Had it been the thought of recloaking himself in a man’s skin that had him raging? Or the disbelief that Belle’s love for him was true that had left him quaking?



~***~ 

Shamed, he was.



~***~ 

Belle seemed to know her fate, too, her face stricken, gaze darting between his face and the Queen’s rapid approach. 

"Don’t do this, Regina," he said, his voice a venomous serpent. 

She cackled. Another truism drenched him in sweat as he recognized it. She had him by the short hairs. He actually felt his testicles shrink and retreat into his body. 

Her father had the good graces to look confused, the Genie had the bad taste to smirk. 

"Belle," he whisper-shouted and she looked up. "Unloose me, dearheart, unleash the beast. You must."

No one but he knew that he was in her thrall. The dagger had not a thing to do with it. He was hers to control.

"You need to beg permission from this slip of a girl, Rumple?" The Evil Queen nearly shrieked with the pleasure of seeing him on his proverbial knees. 

That was the moment Belle closed her eyes and assented. 

And the bodies inside the room exploded.



~***~ 

He tempered this confusion with anatomy tomes that showed the mystery of the laden womb, and then books of poetry wherein the suckling babe was celebrated in long rhyme. "This, too, is magic," he had said.

"God and nature and man’s thrall is magic?" 

"Of a kind, yes." 

"And the price?" She asked, half teasing half afraid.

"