on top of your head, feather-light, hesitant. Your breath catches in your throat.


shit
sorry
i dont
i didnt mean
…
i hope this isnt like crazy depraved
like i just took your troll virginity or something
…
shit that was weird wasnt it
ill stop now


no! It comes out more violently than you intended. Heat rises to your cheeks.


its fine
youre fine
i


And then you slide off the stool and unabashedly put your arms around him. Dave stiffens. His heart is a staccato hammer in his chest.


lets just
stay here for a little while
okay?


You say this into his shirt. Dave exhales. Beneath your touch his muscles loosen and his heart slows back down and he rests his chin atop your head and that just makes you hug him harder, holy crap, you know humans aren’t like trolls but could this be what you think it is? Then he starts rubbing your back, slowly, hesitant, and a part of your pan sort of goes all warm and calm and quiet.

In this state, you are bold, and the dream pours from your lips easily.


jesus
yeah
i honestly dont know what to say
ive had some pretty fucked up nightmares but i think that one wins it
congrats megido
youve just won yourself a full scholarship to scream queen academy


You smile. it really wasnt that bad all things considered


ive had worse
this one just really hit me for some reason


Dave makes a little noise somewhere between a snort and a huff.


what even are trolls
wait dont answer that


The two of you stand like that in the dimness, breathing in stale recycled meteor air and each other’s smells, hurtling through uncharted space a million miles an hour with no way to stop. It’s the opposite of exhilarating, though; you contemplate this fact with a sort of deep calm suffused with contentment like moonlight.

thank you, you say quietly, much, much later.
s’fine
so like
did we just get our pale on or what
yes i believe that is what we did
oh
thats cool
hey wanna watch a movie or something
that is what you do after these things right
mhm
that is an excellent idea

The two of you fall asleep on the couch midway through The Empire Strikes Back. You are happier than you’ve been in a long while.


 [tock]


She holds up a skull. check this out


nice
hold on while i get my camera
hurry up! my arms getting tired!
nerd
this shit takes time
cant just take a fucking picture like some chump tourist on a ski vacation on pleb mountain
this is art megido
now hold still
are you sure im the nerd? :)
also i cant believe you just said the word pleb
shhhh it was ironic
dave is that position really necessary
absolutely now shoosh youre ruining my concentration


The sun is bleeding violent color into the horizon like a wounded thing when they finally put down their tools. Dave has crossed from tanned to slightly burned, his arms and face dusted with red. He slouches against a rock, camera resting on his chest. Aradia flops onto her back with a contented sigh. The bones have been unearthed to the point of distinction from the rock, and they create small raised shadows in the glare of the sunset. Camp is a little ways away. The tents rustle gently in the breeze. The voices of tired archaeologists float towards them, signaling the end of the day. There is a smell of cooking food.

i feel like im luke skywalker and this is tatooine
i mean look at all this goddamn sand
you could build a boat and go for a ride
maybe catch some rocks
make a modest living
what dyou think megido
wanna give it a shot
isnt that what we’re doing right now though? Aradia’s eyes are almost luminous in the dusk. just less nautically themed?
wow you really know how to make a guy feel special
youll live
really now

He flickers. Beneath the sunburn he’s ripped open throat to navel, shades spattered with blood, skin deathly pale and waxy, eyes a glossy, milky white, staring at nothing. Aradia only smiles, the flesh of her face melting grotesquely, like candle wax, to reveal her black bones. Her horns lose their color and become chipped, her clothing turns to tatters. Dead, rotted things, the both of them. They behold each other in the silence of a tomb unopened for a thousand years. The desert melts away; they hover weightless in the blackness of space, suspended among countless distant glittering stars.





which dave are you? inquires the skull in Aradia’s melodious voice.





Dave shrugs, a hand going to press against his abdomen, keeping his insides from spilling down his front. Blood oozes between his fingers.



does it actually matter
im just one more doomed dave
one more dead kid offered up to the time god
there really is no point in wondering anymore is there


Space wheels around them. Aradia moves closer. Her skeletal fingers find his.


[tick]






Aradia’s dead. The swords in her keep her pinned to the wall, hanging there silently like a butterfly in a display case. Her wings droop sadly. Her head lolls