. He was scared and fear made him snappy. Derek shot him a worried look.

Deaton didn’t seem to take offense at the sudden outburst from the boy. He just set his bag down on a chair and walked over to a bookcase next to a neatly organized desk. 

“The Wild Hunt isn’t something I’ve had the time to research completely myself but I am somewhat familiar with the story. They come in on storm clouds and take people never to be seen again. Those people are essentially erased from existence. Those taken by the Wild Hunt, will hunt with them for all eternity.” he said grabbing a book placed behind another from the second to bottom shelf. 

Deaton blew a coating of dust off the book and opened it up. It was old, very old. The pages were faded and nearly yellow and the text was handwritten in cursive ink. There were illustration on some pages, crude, but gave you a general idea of what the passage is describing. “Of course, until now I’ve only thought of it as a possibility, not a reality” he said grimly. 

“Wait” Liam said speaking up from where he was. “You said before that people are ‘essentially’ erased. Not completely. So does that mean there’s a chance they’re still not?” he asked confusing himself.

Stiles and Scott exchanged an equally confused look before Lydia’s eyes got wide. “That actually makes perfect sense!” she exclaimed. Everyone’s attention was then on her and she spun around.

“Think about it for a sec. No one can be completely erased from existing. It just wouldn’t be logical. And yes we’re dealing with things that normally wouldn’t be logical anyway but bear with me” she said pulling out a notebook and pen from her purse. 

“Think about it in the cliché sense that everyone leaves a ‘mark’ on this world no matter how small it might be” she said drawing picture of a triskelion. Derek raised an eyebrow at this. 

“Derek’s family for example have this mark. Their pack symbol. It’s their mark and it exists even if one of them didn’t. Derek looked away now. Lydia shot him an apologetic glance. He seemed to understand she didn’t mean any harm by it.

“I think I get what you mean” Stiles spoke up. “So even if the ghost riders take someone, they’ve left something, their ‘mark’ in this world?” he asked and Lydia nodded. 

“That would make sense. Of course the documentation of this is very minimal but I can ask around and see if any of my contacts know anything more” Deaton said walking over to Stiles.

“Here. This is one of the only books I have on the subject. I personally can’t help as much as I’d like to but I’m sure you can get much more use of it” he said giving it to Stiles. It wasn’t as light as it looked and that caught Stiles off guard as he stumbled a bit. 

“Find out as much as you can in the meantime. Now that we have an idea of what we’re dealing with, we can come up with something” Deaton said scratching the back of head in thought. “I’m sorry I cannot be of much help.”

Lydia smiled. “You’ve been plenty already thank you Deaton.”
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Stiles sighed in frustration putting the book down on his desk. Derek looked up from his laptop on Stiles’ bed. 

“Find anything new?” he asked.

“No, this print is nearly impossible to make out. Some of the words are faded, and other nearly unintelligible. It’s annoying” Stiles grumbled.
“Maybe that’s why the good doctor was eager to give it up.” Derek snorted. 

“Did Derek Hale actually make a sarcastic funny?” Stiles asked laughing. Derek rolled his eyes and went back to focusing on his laptop.

“I must have died and gone to a weird bizzaro world. Tell me, do you smile as well? At least then I’ll know hell would have frozen over. Or maybe it’s the sign of the apocalypse. Four horsemen and Derek Hale telling jokes.”

“Shut up Stiles.” Derek groaned. Stiles laughed again at the man’s expression. “Where is Scott?” Derek asked.

Stiles rolled his eyes. “Usually I’d say making kissy faces with Kira but she’s….not around for the time being so I honestly don’t know. He was really weird at school today too.”

“Weird how?” Derek said looking up again.

“Weirdly distant. Almost like he was constantly distracted. Which, honestly isn’t that far from normal, but he just felt off today. And he hasn’t responded to my texts either.”

“Maybe he’s just busy with homework?” Derek offered.

Stiles shrugged. “He is trying to be a better student for his mom so that could be the