them a job in their house hold. In this life it is the poor one who remembers. In this life too they find in each other a place to feel at home. However in this life one has to marry well, carry on the family name, pass the wealth onto their children. They love each other from afar in this life, look out for each other in what ways they can. 

The next life is their most tragic. The one who does not  remember is small in this life and born with frailty written into every fiber of their being. The one who remembers meets them in their final days. They do everything in their power to help but the other is long past saving. 

They meet or just barely meet in many life times after that. In some the one who does not remember already has a life and the other does not wish to intrude. In many though they are simply to far apart and destined to never meet. In some they have a few years together. Often they are on opposite sides of a battle, in each life it is increasingly hard to convince the one who does not remember not to strike the final blow.

In a life after one such life one of them is raised knowing deep in a part of them who they share with none that they took the life of one whom they could have loved. One who they had loved in many life times. When they meet in this life it is at a wedding which they are on opposite sides of. One is a friend of the groom, the other the sibling of the bride. In this life the one who does not remember has a life already, friends, family, and one whom they love. In this life the one who remembers almost doesn’t speak to them. They feel unworthy of even getting to meet them in this life. The other speaks to them, offers them a dance because they look upset. They have never in any life in which they remember been able to refuse the other anything. So they dance. Through a variety of circumstances they meet several times after that, always at family gatherings. Every time they meet a small traitorous part of the one who remembers hopes that the other will have left or been left by the one they love in this life. They never do. However they always offer the one who remembers a dance and they always accept. Each time they meet the other has more of a life to tell of and the one who remembers always listens. They watch them grow through many things. Watch as they eventually marry the one whom they love and have children. They attend the wedding and smile, everyone simply assumes they are the kind to cry at weddings. They coo over children who they call nieces and nephews. They attend birthdays and anniversaries. Through it all they are happy that the other is doing well. In this life, like many others they love from afar. As in many other lives the love flows both ways, as in many other lives each believes the other does not return it. 

In one life they meet as children. They are neighbors and the one who remembers all their past lives hopes this could be the live in which they get it right. The life in which they can be happy together. Unlike in other lives in this one when one tells the other of the lives they’ve lived together they both believe the story. They are happy, most of the time at least. As children they roam the streets together and live as many imagined lives together as they had lived real ones. The more years they spend together the more they hope this will be the life they can be happy in. A life in which they live through many years together. As children it gets hard for them to remember which of them truly remembers the past and which remembers the stories. In the midst of their teens one of their parents gets offered a job in a far away place. They exchange letters for years and it grows increasingly more obvious who truly remembers and the other moves on. The letters grow fewer and fewer and eventually stop through no fault of either. They both move on, life is like that sometimes. 

The life in which they meet next when they are little more than children. In this life they are called Teshima and Aoyagi. In this life they meet on the first day of classes in their high school. This life is one in which Teshima remembers, knows every part of Aoyagi’s mind he’s ever shared, knows what each and every movement could mean. This is a life time in which it has been many since either had to fight the other. In this life time, like their first, their meeting is accidental but both of them feel the connection. In this life time it is Aoyagi who thinks of stars and Teshima who thinks of connected souls. Unlike other lives there is no need to explain to one another about their past. In this life Teshima remembers their past like a faded childhood memory, Aoyagi remembers bits of their old lives in dreams that start the night he meets Teshima for the first time.

Their tires