give you my number so when you find it, you can fill me in,” you said, grabbing another piece of paper.


 


-


 


Walking into the motel, you were greeted by a gun to the face then a sigh of relief. Behind the gun, stood your girlfriend, dressed in her normal hunting gear.


 


She hit you before bringing you into a tight hug, “you scared the shit out of me,” she said before letting go, “have any leads.”


 


You quickly filled her in, her nodding along, thinking about what you were saying.


 


“Right so, we just wait around?” She asked and you shrugged in reply. She groaned and began moaning about how she got up for nothing, and you just laughed at her childish behaviour.


 


-


 


You stood at the crime scene with Sam, knowing that suddenly bringing two more agents into the play would raise suspicions.


 


Entering the room, everyone looked on edge, though mostly the sheriff. You gave him a brief smile, “heard you got another weird one.”


 


He shuffled past you, “well, it’s a -- it’s a little strange on the surface, I admit, but, you know, once you look at the facts,” he turned back to face you.


 


“William Hill died from a gunshot wound to the head,” Sam said, “no gun, no gunpowder, no bullet.”


 


“Any explanation for a phenomenon like that?” You asked, raising an eyebrow.


 


“There’s gotta be a reasonable explanation,“ he stated.


 


“And what would that be, Mr. Carnegie?” You replied.


 


“Professional killer,” he said, causing me to let out a sigh.


 


You quickly interrupted before he could go off, “was there any witnesses?”


 


He looked a bit peeved at you for cutting him off, but answered, “the maid, but she isn’t making any sense. Not even in Spanish.”


 


You gave Sam a look before heading out to meet the maid.


 


-


 


You leant against the table while Sam, Dean, and Chrissy discussed the possibilities.


 


“So, famous dead people,” Dean began.


 


“And fake famous cars, apparently,” Chrissy added, pursing her lips with a look that said ‘what in the fuck is going on?’


 


“Actually, it wasn’t the car, there was a reflection of James Dean in the video,” he replied.


 


You pinched the bridge of your nose, “yup,” you replied with a sigh.


 


“Maybe I’ll meet Angelina Jolie,” Chrissy said with a dreamy face causing you to give her a ‘can you not’ look.


 


“She’s alive,” Sam said, coming out from his state of serious researching.


 


“Got anything?” You asked.


 


“Yeah,” he said, looking up from his computer, “these ghosts are ganking their fans.”


 


“What do you mean?” Dean asked.


 


“Apparently, Professor Hill was a civil war nut,” Sam replied, looking back down to his computer, “was digging Abraham Linkin.”


 


“And Hopkins obviously was a fan of James Dean,” you pointed out.


 


“So, you’re saying we got two super-famous, super-pissed-off ghosts killing their super fans?” Chrissy asked, furrowing her brows.


 


“Pretty much,” Sam said, “at least, it looks that way.”


 


“What are they doing here?” Chrissy said, “ghosts 

normally 

haunt the places they lived.”


 


“What the hell are they doing in Canton?” Dean asked and everyone just sort of looked at each other.


 


The next few hours were spent by Chrissy and Dean bonding over old things like the impala while you and Sam got to researching. 


 


Just as your eyes began to feel heavy and a headache was making its way through Sam spoke up, “you got to be kidding me.”


 


You raised an eyebrow, “what is it?”


 


-


 


You frowned deeply as you made your way through the museum, Chrissy teasing you about your fear of the wax figures, which ended with you hitting her.


 


You let Dean and Sam handle the museum guide while Chrissy dragged you around, spewing out information on you. That’s one thing you loved about her. She was passionate about history and always thought it was extremely important. You knew she wished for a normal life sometimes, but you both knew it wasn’t possible, at least for her. She had made enemies, enemies that would track her down to the ends of the earth to kill her.


 


You were startled by Sam’s voice, nearly jumping out your skin, “they have actual possessions of the celebrities,” he said.


 


“So, we torch ‘em?” Chrissy asked, completely unaffected.


 


“Exactly,” Dean replied.


 


-


 


“Sneaking in was way too easy,” you said, grabbing the objects and throwing them in the bin.


 


“I don’t think they have the money for security,” Dean said before walking off to get more objects, Chrissy following suit.


 


You walked over to the edge of the room while Sam guarded the bin. The door slamming shut startled you,