be considered dubious consent from Eren’s part, but Levi found himself not caring of his actions at this point. He was willing to accept the consequences of his actions, but deep down he knew that Eren wouldn’t mind. He knew they had both been wanting to be together since they first met, but had had doubts about mixing work with desire.

The truth is, he wished to do this with him for the longest of times. Back then, Levi couldn’t bring himself to lay a single finger on him. But this time, Eren would become his.



Levi reached out his hand to undress Eren.  

When she was fully conscious of her surroundings after waking up, it was to the feeling of pleasure and arousal. She could feel heat forming inside her belly as her lips parted and a whispered moan escaped.

Eren could feel Levi’s lips kissing her neck, before their gazes made eye contact. Levi leaned closer as Eren closed her eyes. His lips were against hers. They kissed in a slow tantalizing movement, Levi’s hands teasing her body bringing a delicious shiver through her body. 

Her fingers tangled up in his lustrous black strands of hair as she felt herself climax. “Ha…Ahhh,”

After coming down from her high, Eren found Levi placing kisses on her exposed chest. “…wait, I thought you were a dream?”

“You didn’t actually believe that, did you? You truly are the same shitty little brat from back then.” Levi smirked amused. His lips pressed against a taunt nipple. His tongue gently teased the young man’s chest.

“Levi sir…” Eren whimpered as he bit back a moan. His dress and veil were removed and discarded to the side and now Eren watched in disbelief as Levi took off his wig and hair net releasing his natural hair. 

Eren’s eyes widened as he could feel his own short hair brushing against his ears.

“How did you know it was me? And aren’t you disgusted that I was crossdressing?” Eren asked question after question, feeling embarrassed. 

“I can never forget a face like yours.” Levi said with stern gaze.

Eren felt tears prick his eyes. He felt relieved, content, and happy to know that Levi never forgot him.

“Right now, I made love to the woman inside you and now…” his voice lowered an octave turning huskier. “…I would like to make love to this man. You’re beautiful, either way.”

“Hmm, then does that mean I can take this as your declaration of love for me?” Eren wondered out loud. His fingers brushed against Levi’s hair. “Tch, obviously shitty brat.”

“You know Levi, umm I’m no longer a brat, but I think I don’t mind so much you calling me that pet name.”

“Oh? So is it better than Baby?”

“N-no, I didn’t say that either.” Eren said pouting.

Levi chuckled as he pulled away from Eren and sat up on the mattress. 

“So Eren-“Levi was about to ask his newly established lover something when a knock to his suite door interrupted them.

“What now?” Levi said before cursing and leaving the bed. He passed by the lounge area before reaching the door to attend to his unwelcomed guest.

“Levi!! Guess what, I met this incredible person….” A loud and excited voice reached inside the rooms of the suite.

Eren sat up and noticed that indeed Levi hadn’t once touch him down there. He was still wearing his stocking and frilly underwear. His bra had been unhooked, but it was still on him. ‘Mmm did he really make me cum without touching my crotch? If so, did I climax from nipple teasing… ahh that’s so embarrassing, but definitely sexy, too.’

“Aww, my panties are soaked though.” Eren mumbled as he stood up and walked inside the bathroom. A quick shower wouldn’t hurt before he returned to Levi. 

As he washed his body, he thought about Levi’s proposal. He’d never really been interested in having intercourse relationship while being a man before. In the past, whenever he had sex with one of his past boyfriends he’d always be prohibiting them from touching his manhood, the thing that reminded him he was a guy. They’d have sex in the dark, wearing clothes, and often he’d always ride them to climax.

That was the way he knew to have sex, but with Levi it seemed that new paths were opening for him. He was kind of curious of exploring them with him. 

His soapy hands lingered in the crack between his butt cheeks where he carefully prodded his sensitive hole with a finger. Eren bit his lower lip to hold back a moan as he prepared himself for Levi. 

When Levi returned to the bedroom suite, he found Eren had gone to take a shower. He sighed breathlessly feeling his arousal gone down, especially after having to attend Hange



Zoe who had been at the door, but an ache was still there from being