-me-up. You've had coffee before, but Commander Cullen and the Inquisitor have not."


Lavellan could smell the steam rising off her mug-- that same seductive, rich scent, made velvety-sweet with something else. She sniffed. Vanilla? The drink had a creamy brown color, as though it had been mixed with milk. She took a cautious sip.


There was bitterness there, but the vanilla and milk swirled and soothed it away, leaving only that richness behind. She closed her eyes, took another sip. Honey, too, sweetening it all. It tasted like luxury, like-- Well, like something worth its weight in gold. "Mmm," she hummed, not even meaning to let the sound escape but unable to contain it.


When she opened her eyes, everyone was staring. Cullen was-- Was he blushing? Creators' sakes, why? "What?" she asked, shoulders hunching defensively.


"I take it you like the drink," Leliana said, smile still tip-tilted.


"It's... I can't even describe it. I've never had anything like it."


"I took the liberty of adding the flavors and the milk," Josephine told her. "You seem fond of sweets, my lady, so I thought you'd prefer it this way."


"Apparently you were right." She took another sip, sighed happily. "This is divine."


Cullen was now frowning into his mug. "Why is mine... black?"


"Again, I guessed at your preference. My apologies if I presumed wrongly?"


Cullen took a careful sip, made a face. "That's... I don't even know how to describe it. Bitter?" He took another drink. "But... deep. The flavor is... Well, it's certainly not tea."


"How astute," Leliana chuckled. She sipped her coffee with no change in expression.


"Would you prefer milk, or sugar?" Josephine asked Cullen anxiously.


He took another drink, grimaced again. "No, it's... fine. I'll just... I can drink this."

 
"Then shall we start the meeting?" Leliana asked, clearly still amused. "There is the matter of the passage through the Frostbacks..."



***



The next day at the War Room table found mugs of coffee waiting for them all. Cullen grabbed his, downing it almost immediately. Lavellan stared, watching his throat work as he swallowed.


He parted from his mug with a satsified sigh. When he caught the Inquisitor looking he ducked his head, abashed. "It's... strangely addicting. And it... helps. I feel more alert after I drink it. My head clears."


It did seem to provide a pleasant buzz afterward. They'd gotten a great deal accomplished at their last meeting, with a minimum of bickering. Lavellan raised her own mug.


Today it smelled of hazelnut and cream. She took a savoring sip, made a noise that probably should have been embarrassing. "Josephine, you work wonders with this stuff."


"Ah, the thanks should go to Arcanist Dagna," Josephine demurred. "She figured out the contraption to brew the stuff. I was worried we'd all have coffee grounds in our cups, but she figured out how to-- Well, whatever she did, it works."


Cullen downed another third of his drink in one go. "The bitterness almost doesn't bother me anymore."


"You should try mine," Lavellan said, offering her cup generously. "Today it's hazelnut and cream."


Cullen went a little pink around the ears, strangely. "Drink from your...? I mean, no, no thank you, Inquisitor. I'm not much for sweets."


She shrugged and sipped more of her coffee. The meeting began.



***



Two weeks in, they began to realize their mistake.


Inquisitor Lavellan dragged herself to the War Table, head down. "Coffee," she grumbled, holding her head. "Coffee, before I kill something."


Cullen groaned. "Lady Montilyet, you're an evil, evil woman. You did this on purpose, didn't you?"


It was barely dawn, and the coffee mugs had not appeared at the table as usual. 


"Forgive me," Josephine apologized, "but the supplies are running low. I might order more from Rivain, but it will take several weeks to arrive--"


"Do it," Cullen growled. "I'll pay for it myself if I have to."


Leliana hid a smile behind a cup of tea. "Are you quite all right, Commander?"



"I feel like I've been run over by a horse cart," Cullen grated. "My head is killing me."


Lavellan felt the same. Her head throbbed dully.


"I might inform you, coffee is actually addictive." Leliana said, managing not to smile as she said it. Cullen stared at her in real horror.


"You mean I'm going through withdrawal again?"


"Mild, but yes."


"This is mild? Maker's ass."