family loves you. I doubt they could hate you even if you killed someone. They understand that you’re busy in uni and work. They would never begrudge you that.” When Louis still looked sad, Zayn smirked, pressing a gentle kiss by the older’s throat. “Besides, you brought home a fit boyfriend. I think they’ll at least consider that.”
Louis scoffed, looking down to hide his blush and the smile threatening to break through. (Zayn totally saw it anyway; he memorized things like that.) “Let’s get this show on the road then, fit boyfriend.”

            Zayn imagined walking through Louis’ house for the very first time and everyone would just sort of freeze for a second before the girls start squealing and jumping on their older brother.  Well, at least he got that part right. 

“LOUIS! LOUIS! LOUIS!!” A chorus of his boyfriend’s name kept getting squealed and he had to physically step back to not get overwhelmed. Tch, what the hell was Louis worrying about?

        Despite the commotion, Zayn felt little strings tug at his heart when he saw how happy his boyfriend was. Louis was absolutely shining under all the attention, manoeuvring so he can hold all of his sisters at the same time. His grin was absolutely breathless and Zayn made a mental promise to paint the Tomlinsons all together one of these days.

“Sorry about the ruckus, love. You must be Zayn, right?”
Zayn turned around and found Louis’ mum looking at him. “Uh- yes, ma’am.”
Jay laughed, shaking her head while handing one of the babies to him. “Jay will do, love. Now, say hi to Ernie.”
Luckily Zayn had some practice carrying babies. Dropping your boyfriend’s baby brother definitely would not go well with Louis. “Okay, Jay.” He smiled at the baby. “Hi there, Ernie. I’m your brother’s babysitter.”
Speaking of boyfriend, Louis huffed indignantly. “Mum, why does Zaynie get to hold my brother before me?!”  he tried to extract himself from the cute pile that was his sisters but just ended up waddling  to  Zayn. “My brother…”  he pouted.
Zayn pecked his boyfriend’s lips quickly. “I’m not going to kidnap him, love.”
The girls all let go of Louis at the same time, muttering “eww”.
Louis stuck his tongue out at them. “You’re just jealous my boyfriend’s fit.” He quickly hugged Jay, kissing her cheek. “Hi, mum. Where’s Doris?”
Jay smiled, looking at Charlotte over Louis’ shoulder. “Your sisters were supposed to be watching her. Ernie can’t sleep unless I walk him around the block first.”
Lottie rolled her eyes. “She’s fast asleep, mum. We were all well behaved when we saw this-“ She pointed at Louis. “arrived with Zayn.” She batted her lashes at Zayn, making him squirm.
“Zayn isn’t into birds so might as well give up now, Lotts.” Louis scoffed, taking Ernie from Zayn. “Let’s go to my room before Charlotte acts all mature just so you’d smile at her.”
Lottie gently kicked his leg. “Behave please. My room is next to yours and I do not want to hear what you do at night.”

        Zayn just ducked his head, ears burning red as he grabbed their things before following Louis to his room. Being blunt apparently ran in his boyfriend’s family; they’d need to be more discreet.

        Staying with Louis’ family had been the most fun thing that Zayn had done in a long time. The girls were always so energetic and easy to please.  When he had mentioned that he knew how to draw, the girls all lined up to become his model. Everyone seemed to welcome him to the family. Louis was an absolute angel with his siblings, making them laugh and spoiling them as much as he could and it made Zayn fall just that much deeper for Louis. Everyone had given Zayn their blessing too so that was a relief. Felicite was a different case though. Fizzy had been a little distant with him and he couldn’t help but be bothered by it. He wondered if he made some sort of mistake. 

“Zayn? Zayn!” Louis’ voice snapped him out of his thoughts.
Zayn shook his head, pulling the shorter lad to his chest. “Sorry, spaced out a bit. What is it, love?”
“Let’s go shopping tomorrow, gifts to buy, foods to be cooked, toys to be played with…” Louis wiggled his eyebrows.
The younger chuckled, arms winding tighter around the older’s torso. “Be careful of those toys. Don’t want the girls to see them.”
“I meant dolls for Daisy and Phoebe, you horn dog!” Louis laughed.
“Says the one who still wanted to ride me even though we were late for breakfast this morning.”
“Shush.”
Zayn grinned, trailing kisses along his neck. “Love