."

Dean stared at him for a moment, face hard, but then it softened and a smile broke through.

"Great." He turned back and picked up his phone, "okay Sam, you can give her the lemon."

Sam handed Riley the lemon and she put it in her mouth, like everything else she had, her face twisted and she got an upset look on her face.

Sam started giggling and Riley started whining after spitting the lemon out, Dean, laughing and setting his phone down, picked Riley up; hushing her.

Cas smiled, he turned around and walked to his room.

Dean looked behind him, to where Cas was supposed to be but frowned when he wasn't there.

Dean shook his head and plastered a smile on his face.

~~~~~~~~

Dean had work at 11 so he had gotten ready at 10:30.

Well he tried too.

Riley was being fussy and wouldn't go down.

Dean walked in Cas's studio/study, holding Riley.

"She's being fussy and won't go down. I need you to take her because I need to get ready for work."

Cas grunted. Dean frowned and stood in front of the desk Cas was at.

"Cas."

Cas sat his pencil down and sighed, rubbing between his eyes, "ya, ya I'll put her down. Gimme her."

Cas held his arms out for Riley, Dean handed her over. He glanced again at Cas before he left to get ready for work.

~~~~~~~~~~

Dean sighed as he relaxed against a counter next to Benny.

"Trouble in paradise brotha'?"

Dean chuckled lightly, "ah, Cas is just dealing with his parents divorce and unmating, plus with the pup along the way-"

"You're carrying again?"

Dean glanced to Benny then back ahead of him, "ya. We're expecting. I guess with dealing with Cas I forgot to let people know."

"Well congratulations brotha'. Cas isn't causing too much stress right? Not like last time?"

Dean shook his head no, "no. He's trying to contain it. Keep it to himself, usually up at odd hours or away from me and the kids when he's dealing with that. It actually makes me worry more. I know he's doing it so we don't stress but he's always so stressed. The only time I think he's not is when he gets in bed, he finally relaxes when he cuddles up to me and his hands are against my stomach. I can always feel him smile against my neck then."

Benny nodded, "try talking to him. Take some of his load off."

Dean nodded.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

The light to Cas's studio was on when Dean got home at 3am.

Dean dropped his medical bag and walked to the studio, knocking and walking in.

"Babe?"

Cas's rubbed his eyes and looked up at him, smiling slightly, "easy shift?"

Dean nodded, "why are you up?"

Cas slumped in his chair, "tryna help my dad out."

Dean frowned, "c'mon let's go to our room."

Cas reluctantly got up, following Dean.

When they got to their room, Dean turned and grabbed Cas's shirt, falling back onto the bed, pulling Cas with him.

"Dean!"

Cas caught himself, holding himself over Dean, who was grinning.

"Are you trying to hurt yourself or the pup?? I could've landed on you and seriously injured you two!"

Dean pulled Cas down to him, lips meeting lips.

"I know you wouldn't let yourself hurt us. It's okay. We're okay."

Cas frowned down at Dean. Dean leaned up and kissed him, turning the kiss deeper, hands curling into Cas's hair.

Cas pulled away, stopping Dean's ministrations, "I'm too wound up for this Dean."

He moved to get off of him, "I'm gonna go and work on a piece, get some of this energy out."

Dean caught his wrist, preventing Cas from moving away much, "take it out on me."

Cas looked at him sceptically, "Dean-"

Dean leaned up and kissed him, "c'mon Cas. I know how stressed you are, though you try to hide it. How angry you are. I want to help you relax and if that means you fucking me until I can't walk by fucking all that stress out then I want too. It's what mates do. Lemme help baby."

"I don't want to hurt you."

Dean rose an eyebrow, "I can handle whatever you got Alpha. As long as you don't put a lot of pressure on my stomach or anything like that, then I'll be fine."

Dean cradled Cas's head, "me and the pup will be fine. I promise you won't hurt us."

Cas started at Dean, "you'll tell me if you need to stop?"