hands and ended up on top of the tiny grave. We all said our few words about how sorry we were for her loss. I included all of my feelings on what a monster I was and how she was the first and only person I have ever killed. Draco surprised me by taking the blame for her death upon himself, saying it was unfair of him to attempt to bring a child into such a bad situation and his fault again for getting in a fight with me, and thereby failing to protect her. And then it was over. He broke down crying as he asked her to forgive him. Then it was over and Draco and Narcissa went inside and didn’t invite me to follow.

            It was all very simple and tasteful and lulled me into a false sense of security. I thought maybe Draco had changed. I know Draco warned me that he would be pressured to paint me now that he’d seen me again, but this was his baby’s second funeral, so I hoped it might be too personal for him to share. Maybe this wouldn’t turn into yet another one of his famous Potter paintings.

 

 

 

            It wasn’t the funeral that was released as the next painting in the series. I groaned and had a sense of Déjà vu as I remembered the words Draco had said when I walked up to his door: “If this gets out, I’ll be forced to paint it.” And that was exactly what he’d painted. Our entire interaction when I’d confronted him about the bathroom painting and he’d told me of Kyara’s death, from when he opened the door, to when I left, strolling sadly down that long walk. It was an emotional scene.

            At least it didn’t have the words, leaving some mystery as to what we discussed that day. No one knew it was the moment I found out I was a murderer. I wanted it to stay that way. I didn’t want Draco to give an interview about the painting, or worse, explain the context in anyway. I tried sending an owl to that effect, but my message was returned unopened with a note.

 

 

 

            Potter, if you would like to communicate with me, you can do so in person.


-Draco Malfoy



 


 

 

            That is why I once again made my way to Malfoy Manor. Normally an elf lets me in, but not this time. I was left out by the gate, calling for Nobby to let me in, like a jackass or something. After it was clear the elf wasn’t coming, I looked around for a knocker or a bell or something. But this wasn’t a front door, only a gate, and there was nothing but the intruder alarm, which had been going off since my arrival, as usual.

            I considered turning around and going home, but then thought better of it. If it was a case of the humans not being home, the elves would’ve answered. So the humans had to be home and ordering the elves not to answer for me. But Draco Malfoy had refused my owl and practically demanded I come in person. I wasn’t going to let him now turn me away.

            I used my Auror knowledge on breaking and entering to force my way past the outer wards. I then walked up the drive to the door, where I was able to knock. I stood there on the stoop for a long time, before Draco Malfoy finally answered the door.

            “Oh Harry, it’s you,” he said coming outside and hugging me, leaving the door ajar. His eyes fluttered against the sun, thick but pale lashes fanning up and down. “I love you so, soooo very much, even though you murdered Voldemort, who would’ve totally made the world a much better place.” There was a noise from inside the house and he turned to look at the mostly closed door with a scared expression. His lip trembled ever so slightly. Then he turned back to me and continued talking in that out of character manner that screamed of bad acting. “I know you come here every day at this time for sex, because we’re sooo madly in love and have been secretly dating for ages, but I’m sorry, I can’t have guests today. You have to go.”

            He looked at me with large pleading eyes, but I wasn’t sure what he was pleading for. For me to go? For me to go along with his story? Or for me to save him from whatever was going on inside his house?

            Something was definitely going on. Not only were we not on hugging terms, but we weren’t having sex, and I didn’t come here on a regular basis. Plus, he never called Voldemort by name, always using “The Dark Lord,” and he wasn’t upset about my defeat of his lord and he didn’t think Voldemort would make the world a better place. That wasn’t Draco.

            “No, I really think we need to be having sex today. It’