such an asshole. He just wanted to make sure Peter was safe. Still, he'd seen what Peter's 'friends' were getting ready to do to him back at the school.

“They’re staying at friends’ houses for the weekend.”

One look at Peter's desperate, pleading face and Stiles knew he was done for. He reversed out of the driveway and pointed the car for his small house. Stiles led Peter into his house and directed him to the spare bedroom. He dropped his messenger bag in the front hall and rubbed his neck. 

 ‘Stupid. Stupid. Stupid’  he thought. He went to the fridge and grabbed them each a bottle of water then headed down the hall to take Peter the supplies from the drugstore and leave him to it.

The spare bedroom was empty and Stiles' stomach dropped. He followed Peter's mesmerizing aroma to his room and discovered Peter had stripped down to his underwear rolling in Stiles' bed, surrounding himself in Stiles' alpha scent. Stiles could see that Peter's boxer-briefs were damp at the seat where he was leaking slick and it took everything in him to not just strip where he stood and go fuck Peter into the mattress, knot him up so well and fill him with his pups.

He tried to ignore the signs, but he could see. That’s what Peter wanted. Fuck, it was what  Stiles  wanted. But Stiles was his teacher. He couldn't take advantage of the omega's vulnerability during his heat.

"Peter," Stiles croaked, voice cracking with desire.

"Yes, Alpha?" Peter replied, giving Stiles a side glance as he pressed part of his face on one of Stiles' pillows and grinding the other shamelessly.

Fuck.

"Don't call me that, Peter. I'm not your alpha." Stiles' dick gave a twitch of disagreement. He could play alpha mate for such a pretty omega. He salivated at the thought of actually having the sauve boy under him. 

"But you could be," Peter replied, arching his hips back and waggling his ass temptingly. That slick spot that was slowly but surely growing shouldn‘t be so tempting. But god, it was. It dug at the primal part of Stiles to know that he was helping this along.

A snarl was ripped from Stiles' lips and Peter whimpered in response, throwing his head back inviting Stiles to take what he wanted. Stiles clawed at his own skin, trying to bring himself out, chanting a mantra.  ‘Too young. Student. Heat. Vulnerable.’  Not to mention the fact Talia would have his balls as morbid decor.

"I've got the supplies, Peter." Stiles walked to the far side of the large bed and opened the box. He pulled out a few plugs, three regular dildos of various sizes, a ribbed dildo and a single inflatable knotting dildo, along with four or five different bottles lube. He opened the bottle of lube, the one with the synthetic alpha scent and his mouth let out a snarl instinctively at the intruder smell in his bedroom. Huh? So this stuff really worked.

When Stiles looked up from his task, the lithe, naked teen was sprawled across his bed. Stiles' mouth began watering as he took in the sight. This was the first time he'd really been attracted to an omega. His tastes were eclectic: from red head and petite alpha Lydia Martin, the tall skinny beta Ken Nakamura to dark skinned goddess known as Rebecca Harlow (another beta) and tiny plus sized alpha Myra Knorr; but with all of them it had all been for fun, never a permanent thing.

Peter's pale, lean muscles tugged somewhere inside Stiles he didn't know existed. That the kid was almost as tall as Stiles and he kind of like that. Peter regarded Stiles thoughtfully through half-lids as he lazily pumped his dick, biting his lip as his arousal built.

"Do you think you can manage this on your own?" Stiles asked, wielding the smallest of the dildos which he'd coated liberally in the alpha pheromone lube. ‘Please say yes. Please say yes. Please say-’

"No, I've never...I don't…I don't know what to do." It’s a lie, of course. Peter may not have done it during heats but he does play. He knew what he liked and which toys were the best…not that he would tell Stiles that even after they‘re mated. It was just a little embarrassing how quickly Peter went through toys.


 Fuckfuckfuckfuck.’ 


"Okay, Peter. I'll show you what to do but then you need to take over yourself, okay?"

"Yes, Alpha,"

"Don't call me Alpha, Peter." Stiles whined low in his voice.

"Yes, Sir."

He was so fucked. He bit the inside of his cheek until he tasted blood. Grounded, he continued, "Okay, put the pillow you were just fucking under your hips. There's a good boy