'm used to it. You aren't the first person to treat me like an idiot, Natasha."

"If we're going to talk about things, can I at least get dressed, please?" she asked, feeling horrible and yet still extremely aware of the fact that she was standing before the object of her wildest fantasies, only a sheet held against her front.

Barton shook his head. "There's nothing more to talk about," he said, reaching out and covering her hand that was holding up the sheet with his own.

"Barton!" she exclaimed. "What are you doing?"

"Natasha, if you tell me to get out again, I will," he said in a very serious tone. "Otherwise, shut up and just enjoy whatever is about to happen."

Natasha's mouth fell open, then closed, then fell open again. "Are we seriously doing this again?" she finally asked.

He gave her a lopsided smile. "Want me to spread the news that sometimes you don’t kill every man you sleep with?"

"Do you ever shut up?” she asked with a short laugh.

He shook his head, stepping so he was pressed against her. He tugged on her hand, surprise flashing in his eyes when she let him guide her hand down, the sheet going with it. Next thing either of them knew, their arms were around the other, their mouths pressing together roughly. Barton took fast control of the kiss, sucking Natasha's bottom lip into his mouth, biting down lightly and running his tongue along it. She groaned and fisted his shirt, retracting her lip and replacing it with her tongue, sloppily finding his and moaning as she tasted the unique flavour of his mouth. His tongue twined with hers, chasing it back into her mouth before he skimmed his along the back of her upper teeth, something that she'd never experienced, but found extremely erotic.

One of his hands raked into her dishevelled hair, his fingers curling in order to make a fist, pulling the silk strands tight enough to cause a twinge of pain, but she moaned in approval. Her hands scoured his back, pressing him closer, gasping against his lips when she felt something hard press against her abdomen. Suddenly realizing that the sheet was no longer between them, she became determined to shed the rest of the barriers keeping her from his skin. She pulled away from his delicious kiss, smirking when he groaned as she replaced her lips on his neck, her tongue sweeping along his warm skin. Her hands slid down his back, his head turning to the side to give her better access, closing his eyes and shivering as her nails made incoherent patterns down to the hem of his shirt.

"Natasha," he breathed as her teeth sunk into a particularly sensitive area.

She hummed her approval at his response and kissed the spot to soothe it before biting down again, sucking hard on the skin that was between her teeth, knowing it would leave a huge mark, but neither seemed to care. Natasha finally made it to the hem of Barton's shirt, stepping away just far enough to pull it up. His arms rose quickly, allowing her to pull the shirt off and throw it carelessly behind her, not even giving him a second to look at her before her lips were plastered to his again. He wasted no time with niceties, plunging his tongue between her parted lips on a mission, leaving no crevice within her mouth untouched.

"Oh," she gasped as he pulled her close again, their heated torsos pressing together, the skin on skin contact lighting them on fire.

"Mmh," he mumbled, detangling his hands from her hair and placing both on her unclothed hips, his breath hitching as he felt her gently rotate her pelvis against his.

Barton's slim but large hands gripped her firm hips, pressing her closer and giving back in kind, loving how she whimpered against his mouth. His fingers trailed up her sides, smiling as she trembled against him and pulled back from his demanding kiss in order to pant loudly. He watched her face, unable to tear his eyes from her parted, swollen lips as he continued higher, one hand stopping on her ribcage, the other tracing the side of her pert breast. He didn't want to lose the feeling of her body against his, but the need to explore every part of her overpowered that. He left enough room only to get his hand between them and he cupped her breast, his eyes rolling as his hand moulded around the supple flesh, her hardened nipple obvious against his palm.

A low noise left her throat as he squeezed her breast, loving the size and weight, massaging it slow circles until he was satisfied. He turned his hand slightly so her nipple was between his thumb and pointer finger, biting his lip to keep any sound out as he watched Natasha's face grow with anticipation. Not wanting to make her wait, he applied pressure, rolling the hard pebble between his fingers and he couldn't stop the low groan in reaction to her soft cry of pleasure