"You told me you were dealing Paul," Mycroft said.

""Fuck it, I'm not okay. I'm not dealing," Paul said wearily. "I've tried but. I can't keep it up."

"It's been two years. Two years with Jim. It's not like just being *away*," Seb murmured. "Jim's favourite game was making someone kill *themselves* without laying a hand on them. Not a finger. I can't even guess what he did."

"And I don’t want you to guess," Paul said shaking his head. "I don't even know if I am even sane. Reality is weird."

"Do you wish to talk about it?" Mycroft said tentatively.

Probably not, not then. Seb wasn't sure -- maybe Paul did, but he didn't. They weren't facing the same things, after all. He watched Paul's expression, while he lingered by the door and took a sip of his own to go coffee. Maybe they all needed therapy. Going it alone wasn't working so well just then. People too drugs for a reason, and being so detached that real was hard to be sure of was definitely a reason.

"How can I talk about it?" Paul asked with a shrug. "Seriously why the hell would anyone even want to know? Moriarty took me apart physically and mentally for his own amusement for. Whatever reasons he had.... Does it help anyone knowing how he did it?"

"Apparently it is meant to clarify things," Mycroft said. "Paul, I was trying to respect your needs."

"It might help eventually. I don't want to accidentally set you off," Seb murmured. "Things that bother you, that you'd rather avoid. Or not do."

"I don't know," Paul said. "I don't know what I can or can't do. Everything makes me on edge." He exhaled.

"Then perhaps we should just try, and see what will happen?" Mycroft answered." All of us, rather than assuming what the others want."

"Finally." Things were in a shitty state when he was left feeling like the emotionally intelligent one.

"Okay," Paul murmured. "But if I lose it in the middle of that night..."

"That is fine," Mycroft said. "I don't think you should leave. And that applies to you too Seb."

"Rather see if we can help you through it, instead of letting you figure it out through trial and error." Seb gave another shrug, lingering nearer to them as they both sat on the edge of the bed.

"I don't want that little bastard to win," Paul mumbled under his breath.

"He will pay," Mycroft promised. "I promise you that."

"Won't fix anything." He loitered, set his coffee on the side table, looking down at Mycroft and Paul both. "But I'm scared as shit that he's coming back for us."

"He will come back and he will try to take us down," Mycroft acknowledge that. "But we will take him down. Sherlock.” He paused a moment. "Sherlock, though it pains me to admit it, is more similar to his way of thinking than I am. We will work to be ready for his ploy."

 Ploy. Like it was going to be something simple, like they could easily take it apart. "Don't keep me in the dark on whatever you find," Seb murmured. He leaned in a little, and after a moment, sat on Paul's other side. "I'll be able to help."

"I am aware of that," Mycroft said. He sighed a little. "Perhaps I should inform you there are various agencies who wish to debrief you both. I have...been blocking them so far but will not be able to do so forever."

"I'll go first." Get it over with, get home, maybe have himself together enough to be useful when Paul went. One at a time, not both at a time.

"You are not going anywhere until you are legally back as my Companion," Mycroft said and patted him gently. "I can protect you in law then, Benefactor law. If they take you now, I will have difficulty getting them to adhere to human rights. Runaway Companions are considered little more than stray dogs in many areas."

"No, I hadn't noticed," Seb deadpanned, sliding an arm behind Paul's back. He could feel Paul slowly relaxing, and he was half suspecting it was sleep catching up. They needed to get him lying down. Almost absently, he rescued the mostly empty coffee cup. "Woof woof."

 He felt rather than heard the little snort from Paul there.

"It should not be long now," Mycroft said. "But if you feel unable to be questioned, I will find a way to stall the process