those coordinates. He didn't exactly care to find the right one, given that it looks like every other main-city planet he's ever gone to, and that she included specific instructions in the packet she handed to him with a busy, bustling, “You'll needs this, you sorry fool.” Before she trained her silver eyes on some distant point in the air and tottered away.

 

The Overship blares out the three-tone signal that screeches into his highly-sensitive ears uncomfortably, signaling that the standard work vargas are over, and any large gathering beyond the alarm was illegal and punishable by a term in the cells, which is really just playing roulette with death given the amount of corruption you'll find in Empire-run prisons. People go missing from systems all the time, whether they be technological or star, and most of the time, either no one cares or they know better than to cause a fuss about it.

 

When he was first learning to be more than a mindless, keening creature, this whole concept of disappearing people first struck him as a strange concept. Not because it was wrong, but because it was so covert. All the suffering he had was immediate, purposeful, and for no reason at all. In a way, he was one of those disappearing faces, the ones that fall out of memory as quickly as they were brought into the light. His suffering was never broadcasted, but never hidden. If anyone who bothered to care looked into his file, they would find incident reports, injury reports, training reports, reports on his punishments, his rewards, his mind, his soul, his progress, his whole life before he left documented down in impersonal, single-spaced lines, complete with the most scientific of ways to portray the suffering of another sentient being with high intelligence, and the frigid, sharp lines of the the characters that spelled not his name, but 'Subject 001'.

 

Really, it's no wonder he is what he is. An empty shell, maybe, but remarkably functional nonetheless.

 

The rest of the packet unlocks as soon as he turns the right corner, the purple, Empire-permitted hologram text floating into the air just in front of him, just a vague shimmer in the air for anyone with a different point of view. 'Kaidaki-althea. Makkeqq Mora. Ask for Mirage.'

 

He stiffened.

 

First, he stiffened for the language itself. Altean is not common nowadays, at least not in its original form. Given its high adaptability and the widespread nature from the original species being galactic diplomats, despite the banning of the language, it was still the easiest way to cross-species communicate. Thus, Basic was made, as a strange bastardization of Altean, Galran, and seemingly random variations in order to make it acceptable under Empire rule. Altean itself was largely lost, but some societies still practiced it, in the dark corners of controlled worlds, with the Rebel movements that have allied with different pre-reformation insurgent societies on different free or holdover planets from the beginning of the Conquering. Altean in this message, therefore, is both a disturbing reminder of what happens to those the Empire opposes and a callback to his heritage.

 

But it's not the only callback to his past.

 

Kaidaki-althea, the old name for his worst nightmare. First, a few clues. 'Kaid' means daughter, 'daki' is an addition that applies a sexual connotation, and 'althea' is house. He refuses to even think the word it makes, that makes bile rise up in his throat, but grimly, he promises himself that this crime ring will not survive until the star that glitters above him now rises up against the horizon again.

 

Makkeqq is a phrase that makes his blood run cold and hot simultaneously in a strange combination, the fear contrasting with the natural bloodlust that comes when he feels a foe, a challenger to his power. The second of his pack is here, under the thumb of a warlord that undoubtedly makes them do-

 

Enough with that train of thought. He can't afford to lose his focus on this. After all, Faith is on his hip and there is a fire in his eyes now that he would be remiss to leave behind, the red filling in the cracks of his mind nicely as he relaxes into the ruthless state that keeps his muscles loose, keeps his smile sharp and his face hidden, that keeps his eyes clouded and the deaths from weighing down his mind, from exacerbating the crevices built into his psyche already. Loyalty weighs like something heavier than a neutron star on his hip, the cold deadness of it warning him against its use.

 

He looks up.

 

There are clouds in the sky, some of them fluffy and white, looking more like something beautifully soft than the cold, largely intangible form it really takes. Among them, higher up, there are a few iridescent ones, reflecting rainbow light down gently, spreading it out in beautiful colors, fanning out with glimmering, reflected sunlight. The sky above is stained orange, the star shining light harshly into his eyes