done."

With that she zipped away with her yoyo. He thought about how he needed to find Plagg. He didn't think about the relief on Nathalie's face when he was taken away. He didn't think about how he was told not to look at the car. He didn't think about how his seatbelt had dug into him when his torso was flung forward.

No, his mind was consumed instead by the need to find his kwami.

He got to his feet and started running. He ran towards her. Back to the destroyed car. He needed to transform. He hadn’t realized how far out of the way she had put him. Despite it being midday in Paris, he was able to sprint the couple of blocks quickly. Attacks were good at keeping people off the roads and out of the way.

Once he was at the same block as the destroyed vehicle, he saw his school bag in the middle of the road. He immediately grabbed it and dashed into a nearby alley.

“Plagg, are you here?”

“Yeah, took you a while- damn kid. You aren’t looking so good.”

“Plagg, time to transform.”

“What? Adrien, look. You’re in no condition to do this.”

“Plagg, Claws Out!!” Against his desire, the kwami made his way into the ring. He had transformed.

Chat Noir was ready for his Lady.

 

“Took your time getting her, Kitty,” Ladybug teased. She effortlessly dodged a large chunk of road thrown at her. Below the heroes was a akumatized construction worker. Road Block was getting ready for his next attack.

“What can I say? Got stuck in traffic,” Chat said. He immediately focused his attention on Ladybug.

“What’s the plan?”

“To figure one out, that’s what. Look out!” Ladybug screamed. Chat Noir quickly snapped his head back towards Road Block only to see a construction sign coming at him.


There was no stopping it.



They couldn’t stop in time there was no way.



Everything was moving so slowly but he was frozen. Unable to react. Only wait for the inevitable.


Chat Noir was dragged out of the way from Ladybug’s yo-yo, which had wrapped itself around him. “Chat, what are you doing? Pay attention. I can’t have you get hurt, too.”

Too? Who else was she talking about?

Chat looked straight at her eyes. They were so passionate. On fire.

“Sorry, my Lady,” he said, looking back at Road Block.

“We can’t get too close, he destroys the ground immediately around him. Long range is our best bet. I think I know where the akuma is, but it’s hard to get to,” Ladybug explained. Chat nodded.

“Alright then. I’ll distract while you figure out how to get the akuma,” Chat Noir answered. With that he used his baton to move to the ground, but still far away from Road Block. The hero smiled, adrenaline still surging through his body. Everything was screaming at him. Energy overtook him. “Come and get me,” he taunted. Road Block sprinted towards Chat. The black-clad hero easily vaulted over him and landed behind him. Road Block quickly spun around and began to toss traffic cones at Chat. He quickly raced through the street, dodging the projectiles. He didn’t pay attention to how long he was going. Three minutes? An hour? It didn’t seem to matter. All he knew was that he had to keep on going. He couldn’t stop. The second he stopped…

He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to start again.

“Chat, use cataclysm on that street light!” Ladybug called out. Chat Noir grinned.

“Got it!”

He dashed towards the street light while powering up his cataclysm. With a strong swipe, the street lamp toppled over, right onto Road Block’s head. Ladybug then threw some ink on his face (her lucky charm?) and grabbed the sign from out of his hands with her yo-yo. With a quick break and one purified butterfly later, the akumatized victim was free. Chat Noir watched as she threw the ink container lucky charm in the air and undid the akuma’s damage. Chat gave her a fist bump and then fell face first onto the road.

 

“Chat!” Ladybug grabbed her partner from the ground. He gave her a weak smile.

“Heh, is my Lady worried about me?” he asked. Before she could answer, he ring beeped.

A warning to both of them.

“You have to get out of here, you’ll transform back soon! I, I have to find someone else and make sure he’s okay. I’ll take you close to there, so you can transform,” she said.

“Who?” he asked as Ladybug picked him up for the second time that day.

“Just someone important, okay?”

Chat didn’t