many times and sold the images in so many places that it was fucking impossible to hide them all. They couldn’t put out a single page of proof, either, not while Bucky’s parents were alive, their father had been in denial about as deep as Joe McCarthy and the rest of the right wingers.

Rick was the first to, in an interview, draw the parallel between Steve Rogers and Alan Turing, and shit, did people dislike that.

"Look," Rick said in the fourth interview, this time with Barbara Walters, "I know we’re all in love with this portrayal of ourselves as the Greatest Generation, but there were some ugly things going on in our time. Their relationship was illegal. They were in love and it was a felony. I know the story about how Steve was chosen to become Captain America in the first place, how he demonstrated courage and righteousness and all that, but do you really think any of it would have mattered even a little bit if they’d known he was queer? My brother, too. They’d have been blue carded out, sent home and blacklisted for at least twenty years. They had a hard enough time growing up Catholic in Brooklyn without drawing attention to the elephant in the room.”

"You must acknowledge, I believe," Peggy said in her own subsequent interview with Dan Rather, "Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes were not activists, they were men of action. They kept a humble apartment with their advertising money, they were never extravagant. They didn’t campaign for the privilege of serving openly, they served quietly, but with distinction. They brought in the best people wherever they could, integrating the SSR Strike Team years ahead of the rest of the American military, keeping WAC advisers and myself at or above the rank of the men we served with, treating us with the utmost respect. They were completely ahead of their time."

***
It was not Fury, Hill or Coulson’s idea for Steve to talk to the press. They tried to keep him as insulated as possible. After all, he’d just come back from the dead, he didn’t need to know right away that he’d come back after being outed.

It was inevitable, though. He did have access to the Internet.

"I’m not gay,” he complained, loudly, crossing his arms.

"I know you’re not," Agent Rivers said, cringing a little.

"I’m bisexual,” Steve added, rolling his eyes. “I can’t stay mad at Peggy, I really can’t, but it would have been nice if she’d told the part of the truth where she was culpable. She didn’t mention the part where she was the model for the bombshell girl I put on Howard’s plane, did she?”

"Of course not," Rivers sighed. SHIELD PR was not the most fun part of his job.

"Can we just put that in a press release?" Steve asked, raising an eyebrow. "Can we say, ‘Captain America is polyamorous, bisexual, and doesn’t see why it’s anybody’s business’?"

"We can try?" Rivers said.

It didn’t work.

***

Bucky took it better.

"Look, Stevie," he said, flipping through the nice book, the one where the original sketches had been perfectly preserved in all their dusty, pencil-marked glory for all the world to see, “It ain’t so bad.”

"How isn’t it?" Steve demanded. "First of all, those sketches were private. I never intended to sell any of them, the style I used for the ads was completely different.”

"They’re good, though," Bucky said, though he didn’t put enough force behind it to actually calm Steve down, because listening to him rail without coughing hadn’t yet lost its appeal. "They’re really good. I mean, just the way you did my beard and the top of my ass- you are fuckin’ fascinated with my ass, by the way, I always thought it was my mouth or my neck, but you drew my ass like a hundred times more-“

"Fuck your ass!" Steve groaned, exasperated. "Look, I drew your neckbecause we were advertising collars, and I like your hair but it is shit to draw when it’s not slicked back and hands are the devil and we’ve had this conversation before.”

"We haven’t had it in seventy years," Bucky pointed at Steve with a cookie before shoving it into his mouth and talking around it. "I was your muse and you were way more responsible for keeping your half of the food on the table and medicine in the cabinet than anybody thought. It ain’t bad, baby doll, that’s all I’m saying."

"You only ‘baby doll’ me when you’re being condescending," Steve huffed.

"Or when I’m horny," Bucky agreed. "But I’m