man left, Bucky decided to get to the bottom of this. As the crowd dispensed, Bucky sneaked back to the stage to see the actors heavy shoulders and backside, taking off the mask and throwing it somewhere, blonde hair falling out messy and untamed.

As the man turned to put on a jacket, Bucky sucked in a breath, seeing the profile of Steven Grant Rogers, a face he dreamed about every night, and prayed was safe home in Brooklyn, asleep in a warm bed, but no. He was here in Europe. In Tights.

“Steven grant Rogers” Bucky growled out, making the man jump and turn to see the sargent, a shocked joy on his face as he saw his best friend for the first time in a long while. It almost made Bucky want to go over and hug the man, forget about being angry that he was somehow 6 foot and clowning around on stage. His anger must have showed on his face, because soon that joyful smile turned into confusion, then to realization and-ah there was the embarrassed blush.

“Buck, I can explain-“

“OH? CAN YOU NOW?” Bucky shouted at Steve, walking twards the man with rage. Steve, never one to back down from a fight, was slowly  walking backwards away from the pissed off Sargent. “Can you tell me Rogers, why the hell you are a foot taller?”

“err, actually “

“Can you tell me why the hell you are in EUROPE? When you failed HOW MANY TIMES on the physical?” Bucky continued, the yelling attracting a small group of people around them, Steve with his arms raised, and Bucky spitting mad.

“Yah buck you tell-“

“YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP LEWIE” Bucky yelled at the soldier who he knew threw a tomato at Steve, and after he got through with the punk in front of him, all of those soldiers who did that where in for a talk with Buckys fist later.  Steve’s eyebrows where raised as high as they’ve ever been before setting his jaw for the argument Bucky could tell was going to come out of Steves lips. Before he couls spout any of that trash, Bucky pointed a finger up, and that was a shocker that the Sargent would freak about later, at Rogers nose. “You don’t fucking start with the ‘I wanted to serve my country shit’ Steve, because this, TIGHTS? That’s aint anyone’s idea of servin. You know it.”

Steves jaw slacked at that, his eyes turning into something that resembled a kicked puppy. “You think I wanted to come here lookin like this Buck?” The man whispered to Bucky, leaving the man speechless for a moment. It was a moment long enough for the Suits to come in and break up the fight, a general walking up to the mob with a pissed off look that put Bucks to shame. Giving a sharp salute, Bucky knew he was going to be in deep shit now, but before the General could get out a word, Steve responded.

“General, this is Sargent Barnes-“

“Oh, you got his name before he started causing a scene Rogers” The General grumbled out, Bucky really hoping that he wasen’t going to be on KP duty till the war was over. Steve set his shoulders and looked at the General the same way as he looked at a bully before a fight, and Bucky could only pray that the kid had enough brains to just shut up, he knew better, but he still prayed.

“I knew him from before, the..ya know.” Steve said, moving his hand to point briskly at himself. The generals eyes widened slightly at this before turning to look at Bucky with a glare.

“Sargent, with me, you too Rogers. The rest of you, Scram!” The general barked, causing a flurry of activity as Steve and Bucky both walked to the man’s tent. Steve was looking nervous and Bucky just wishing he knew what the hell was going on.

After 3 hours of getting an explanation out of the General and a Brittish woman who Steve looked at like a love sick puppy, Bucky regretted wanting to know. His head hanging in his hands, Steve sat down next to him, alone in a tent that was all Steves, the wind from the opening not able to reach Bucky because Steve was blocking it with his body. That was a laugh, as Bucky could only remember how last Winter their rolls where switched around.

“So, this is permanent.”

“So far.”

“…You fucking punk.” Bucky sighed, scrubbing his face with his hands before looking up at Steve with worry. “ You god damn punk.”

“Buck-“

“No, you listen.” Bucky interrupted Steve, holding out his hand. Steve blissfully stopped talking, seeing the stress in his best friends eyes, but looked at Bucky as if he was upset that he wasn’t happy for Steve. He finally had a body that could not only hold all his courage, but also could do some good in the world without getting beat into next Tuesday.