brushes his stubbly jaw against Niall's soft cheek, causing him to shudder.

 

"I like you too." He whispers into Niall's ear, then tilts his head up and finally presses their lips together. It's a soft kiss; not rushed; slow and gentle.

 

But then it turns heated when Zayn presses himself against Niall, cornering him against the wall. He's unable to move, but he doesn't mind as Zayn's tongue traces between his lips. He allows him entry and Zayn grinds forward, making his erection obvious.

 

Niall's eyes shoot open and he pulls back, gasping.

 

Zayn chuckles deeply and leans down to press a kiss to Niall's neck.

 

"Where do you want me?" Zayn growls, nipping at Niall's neck. Niall whimpers loudly, unaware of the people around them. He gasps, clutching onto Zayn's back as Zayn grabs onto his leg and wraps it around his waist, grinding into him.

 

"I- I don't... I don't know..." He whimpers honestly. He doesn't know. He's only ever done this in his fantasies.

 

"My car or the restroom?" Zayn breathes hotly onto his skin, making him aware of how hot it actually is in the room.

 

"Outside- Air-" Niall chokes out, finally opening his eyes. He looks around and sees a few people staring at them, others trying painfully hard to seem oblivious.

 

He wonders if it's possible for his face to actually start on fire.

 

"Let's go." Zayn orders in a husky voice. Niall feels like he could pass out right there.

 

Zayn leads Niall, pulling him along. They get out the door and Niall is so grateful that it's cool out tonight.

 

He feels excited and nervous, but he doesn't want to think about the consequences right now because that would ruin things.

 

They get to Zayn's car and Zayn goes to unlock it, but Niall grabs the keys, stopping him. "Not in. On."

 

Zayn's cock twitches. "Well, fuck." He breathes, smirking.

 

Niall enjoys this newfound confidence as he sees that it's turning Zayn on. So he surged forward, reaching for Zayn's belt. Niall undoes his buckle and tugs his pants down.

 

"F-fuck..." Zayn breathes, grabbing onto Niall's hair as he looks around to see if anyone's watching.

 

If a cop drives by, they're screwed.

 

But Zayn doesn't think about that -or anything- as he feels Niall's lips wrap around his cock. His eyes screw shut and his mouth falls open. "Holy shit..." He breathes, tightening his grip on Niall's hair. Niall hums around him, causing him to involuntarily buck his hips forward. Niall gags, but he doesn't pull off.

 

So he does it again. And again. And, pretty soon, he's just fucking Niall's mouth, aad Niall is choking, but still taking it.

 

He's so whipped.

 

But Zayn pulls Niall's head back and Niall whimpers as his hair gets pulled.

 

"Stay there." Zayn orders and Niall listens without protest. Zayn begins stroking himself, gradually pumping harder and faster, then he's coming right on Niall's red face. Niall whines, his eyes squeezed shut, his mouth open. He feels the cum dripping down his face and he feels so dirty. But, oddly enough, he loves it.

 

He wants to be fucked now.

 

Zayn grabs him by his hair and pulls him up to his feet. Niall loves how rough he is.

 

Zayn holds Niall's head still as he licks over his lips, gathering any stray cum that didn't land in Niall's mouth. He squeezes Niall's jaw until he opens his mouth, then he presses their tongues together in another heated kiss.

 

"F-fuck me, p-please..." Niall mumbles against Zayn's mouth. Zayn groans. He reaches down to pull Niall's pants down- off. Niall feels cold and like jelly, so his legs wobble. He can hardly stand. Niall braces himself as Zayn pulls his boxers off completely, too. He's stark naked in the parking lot of a restaurant.

 

He hopes no one is parked near them.

 

Zayn grabs his waist again and grinds their cocks together, making Niall whimper as he pressed his back against the car.

 

"Jump." Zayn rasps against his lips. He moans softly as Niall does so. Zayn holds his thighs that are wrapped around his waist. He begins to kiss Niall, keeping it slow- a sort of distraction as he brushes himself against Niall's entrance. Niall gasps.

 

"You ready?" Zayn asks carefully. Niall nods shyly and Zayn hopes his cum and Niall's spit lubes him up enough to not hurt Niall so badly. He presses his lips to Niall's and Niall squeaks as he feels Zayn's cock slowly intrude past his