No one had ever spent the night here except for him.

He wasn’t exactly sure how, but Ino was now asleep and he was holding her. This was the first time they she had ever stayed the night. He wasn’t sure how to act. He had never been in this position before.

With nothing else to do, Naruto laid there until he fell asleep.

⍭⍭⍭⍭⍭

Naruto woke up to find himself alone in bed. Ino was gone. He felt something pull at his heart, but he strangely felt more comfortable.

Ino smiled as she walked into Naruto’s apartment. “Oh hey Naruto. Didn’t expect you to be awake yet. I just went out to get us breakfast. Your favorite.” she said holding up Ichiraku’s takeout.

Naruto smiled nervously. He didn’t know why he felt this way. He should feel completely happy. He liked Ino, probably even loved her, and ramen was indeed his favorite. However, at the moment his feelings were mixed. He didn’t know how to feel. While he liked her, there were still doubts.

Putting the food down on the table, Ino moved towards Naruto and leaned down, giving him a peck on the lips. “Come on, let’s eat breakfast then fix the bed. I heard Tsunade has a mission for us today as well.”

Naruto nodded dumbly, doing as Ino said. They ate with Ino talking between bites, and Naruto just listening.

“Anyways Naruto, I wanted to ask. Do you mind if I bring some of my stuff over. I’m thinking I might spend more nights here.”

Naruto froze again. He didn’t know what to say. He had started to like Ino. They had been hanging out more and been going on missions together more often since Tsunade had taken over as Hokage again. Ino was amazing at getting information. She had learned quite a bit on how to get information from an unwilling target from her father. She also learned how to get information from a willing target who was dying. She didn’t have the heart for physical interrogation, but she didn’t need it. She was also an invaluable asset to the village. She could heal both the body and mind, she could interrogate enemies quite well, and she could hold her own in a fight.

This all meant, of course, that she needed to be protected. Naruto was generally the one assigned to help Ino. He was a powerhouse, and had proved that he could fight with the best of the best. He had continued training harder than ever, and he could keep up with A even when he wasn’t in his nine tails chakra cloak. Naruto had by all accounts become an absolute monster.

Tsunade and Kakashi had offered to give the Hokage position to Naruto, but he had declined. Their leadership would be better than his in the recovery, and his strength would be more useful than his leadership for the time being.

“Naruto, are you going to answer?” Ino asked.

“Yeah, um, well, I don’t know...” he tailed off. He sounded the least confident that he had ever sounded.

“How about this. If you need your safe place, how ‘bout you move in with me. You keep this place, but live at my apartment. If you ever need your space, then you can come back here.”

Naruto nodded. “Ok.” He said uneasily.

“Come on, we’ll pack up some of your clothes, and any food that might go bad and head over to my place.”

As they walked to Ino’s apartment, Ino glanced over at Naruto.

“You know, I’m not going to give up until you talk.”

Naruto nodded. He had already loosened up. Last time she asked, he had shut her out completely.

“Come on, just throw me a bone here. I know I might not have always liked you, but I do care for you now. We were both idiots back then.”

Naruto sighed. “I’m not sure if you’ll understand, but fine. I always thought that gaining the respect of everyone would make me happy, and with some people it does. People like Gaara make me happy. The people in this village, they treated me like shit. The only times I wasn't ignored was when they hit me. Now they act like it never happened. They don't like me, they like the image of who I’ve become. The person who saved the leaf. They don't even see me as the same person as the kid I was. I might as well be a newcomer to the village, not someone who has loved here their entire life.”

Ino understood what he meant, but knew she could never understand how he felt, unless she used one of her clan’s jutsus, which she would never use on Naruto without his permission.

“Naruto, whether they acknowledge it or not, you are the same boy I thought was annoying when we