“Louis! Go to your room!” Liam shouted, fuming. It had been four days of the boy’s childish behavior. He was sick of it. First, the controller and the sass, then the next day at breakfast Louis had demanded a whole new meal because he hated strawberries. Of course, Liam had refused, telling him to make his own, so Louis did. He made himself a pizza, which Liam didn’t know of until later. He tried to scold the boy, telling him that pizza wasn’t a good breakfast meal, but Louis just ended up storming outside, off to the skatepark, where he wasn’t allowed to be. He was grounded, which Harry had informed him off through text. 








The next day, Louis had raided his fridge, leaving a slice of cheese. Liam knew that the boy couldn’t have eaten all of what he had, but Louis wouldn’t confess anything. He just shrugged and went back to his phone, which he had stolen back from Liam. 








Liam found his food outside on the roof, which made him wonder if he should call Harry, but he didn’t. He thought it would be best to try and work things out himself, so Louis would understand that he meant well. But Liam’s plans never worked out. 








On the fourth day, Louis had refused to get up, saying he was feeling sick, but Liam knew when he was lying. He tried to pull the boy out of bed, but Louis just screamed, and Liam didn’t want to alarm the neighbors, so he left him there for the day, heading off to work. 








When he came back from dealing with a family who had abusive parents, and three child victims, he saw Louis sitting on the kitchen floor, trying to put a knob back on the cabinet door. It wasn’t much, probably just an accident, but with how the week has been going, and his stressful day at work, he blew up. 








“Louis! Go to your room!” Liam shouted, slamming his fists down on the counter, alarming the boy. 








“It- it was an accident-” Louis stuttered, fearing what the man was going to do. 








“I don’t care! Go before I- Just go, Louis.” Liam ordered, balling his hands up at his sides. He would never hurt Louis in a million years, but he was thinking about hurting something. 








“I- I’m sorry…” Louis tried, but Liam just pointed upstairs. Louis ran up then, afraid. 








Liam sighed. 








He didn’t want to make the boy fear him, especially knowing with all that he had gone through, but in the heat of the moment, he didn’t care. He regrets his words and actions now, but he was still pissed. Louis had still acted out and needed a stern talking to. He wanted to punish the boy, but he knew it would be wrong. He’s already made it bad enough. 








He took a few minutes to himself, to gather himself and to fix the knob, which he remembered was the broken one. Now he felt like a dick. 








He slowly walked upstairs, preparing what he was going to say, but his thoughts were cut off when a loud sob came from the guest room. Louis’ room. 








He quickened his pace and flew inside, rushing over to the boy, who was under the covers, with Harry’s sweater swallowing him. Louis backed up against the wall when he saw who was standing over him, hoping that it would’ve been Harry. 








“No, babe. Shh, I’m so sorry. C’mere.” Liam hushed, crawling in beside the boy, pulling him close. Louis let the comfort, cuddling closer, not caring that he was sobbing into the chest of a grown man. 








“Shhh, I’m so sorry, Lou. I shouldn’t have taken my day out on you. It’s alright now. I’m sorry.” Liam whispered, rubbing the boy’s back, successfully getting him to calm down. 








Louis ended up falling asleep in Liam’s arms, and when the man was sure that Louis was dead asleep, he carefully crawled out and called Harry. It was about time. 








“Hey, Liam. What he do now?” Harry asked, driving to the airport. The company which he was buying had ended up selling it to him for a much lower price, meaning that he didn’t have to stay for the extra few days. 








“Nothing, Harry. Well, a few things, but we can talk about them later. Listen, I blew up. I scared the living shit out of him. I didn’t control myself, and he ended up crying himself to sleep. I’m sorry, H.” Liam apologized, feeling like a prick. 








“It’s alright, mate. I’m on my way there anyway and we can talk about all that’s happened, alright? I