at me with her innocent doe eyes. I had to swallow my groan and shift my legs. If I held out much longer I may well have burst. Did I even answer her question? Farewell, clairvoyance, and good morning, Claire!

“I have never had these prepared in this way before. I do hope they taste good,” she said.

“Oh, they do.” I could hold back no longer, and nearly knock the plate over as I claimed her lips in a fiery kiss. One of my hands found its way behind her neck while the other relocated breakfast in a haste. I felt the shiver down her spine and deepened my kisses. The rational thoughts were silenced and the primal instincts took full control.

I found I was sliding downward off the bed, but before I ended up in her lap I pulled back. For a few lucid moments I recollected myself. “Claire, I apologize.” Shame colored my cheeks and I backed away, lumping the blanket over my erection.

Claire followed me onto the bed and placed her hand upon mine. “Please, do not think me so wrong for doing this...”

Again, I was unable to move. Her hand drew the blanket down slowly. It brushed against my stomach and thigh as it was drawn down and created friction over the head of my erect length. My teeth were clenched and she pushed against my chest with one hand to force me down while she used the other to squeeze the base of my erect length.

Then I heard myself panting. Part of me wished I had the will to stand up, but most of me waited with mock patience. As her lips caressed, my hands dug into her golden hair. Her mouth engulfed me, and I cried out. In that moment I felt terrible and yet, I felt so sinfully good. How long had it been? Since... too damn long if I could not remember.

“You... you... oh, you have to stop,” I begged half-heartedly, though the way I shallowly thrust my hips contradicted what I said.

Her well-practiced suction had changed to frequent bathing of my erection with her tongue between sentences. “Is that so? You are so close. Please, give this to me. For the first time, someone is not ramming down my throat as I kneel at their feet drowning in my own tears. I need one good memory, one I can hold onto in the future. Every time some stranger takes me in this room, I want to be able to think of you.”

I wanted to grab her, to shake sense into her. Words failed me again as she took me down her throat. Like the waterfall that breaks free of the ice each spring, I burst forth, unable to contain myself any longer.

I lost track of time as Claire drank from me and licked off that which she missed. While she gently pushed and prodded at me I fought to catch my breath. When I heard her giggle I sat up. “You are uncut. I only just noticed. Every other uncut man I have been with smelled.”

“I am not a man, though,” I reminded her.

She nodded. 

“I feel like a thief now,” I told her. Claire only gave me a small smile and moved to retrieve the pancakes and peaches. “Get back here,” I demanded, taking hold of her elbow.

“Not hungry?” she asked.

Instead of answering with some cliché, I coaxed her back onto the bed. This time she was spread out on the bed and I was between her legs. I pushed the thin fabric of her dress up to her knees. Then I bowed my head and sniffed her through the gauzy material. She gasped at my animalistic approach, and I responded by burying my face deeper. 

How long had it been again? It came back to me without hesitation. My hands slid up her legs, and she sighed. I ran my tongue through the damp slit, then parted her legs even further and dove back in. As I hummed, she groaned. I growled in return. Her hands gripped my hair by the roots and she pulled me closer. With my tongue teasing her near the front of her exposed sex, my fingers played in and out of the folds. Claire came hard, and wrapped her legs around my neck when her orgasm hit. I flicked my tongue rapidly, alternating between this and sucking the juices from her. I ended up beside her in bed soon afterwards. The rest of the day was completely taken over by sleep, eating in bed, and a great deal more sex than I had expected on my vacation.

- - -

I watched the flames dance in the fireplace as I waited for Lady Nora. After requesting a private audience with her I was escorted to her salon. It has a lovely view of the garden, but in the darkness it was nearly impossible to enjoy. The matron made me wait a good long while before she joined me. Business discussion would come later, but first she offered me a drink, which I needed. She insisted upon