“T-That’s right! She had all these stuff that needed to be carried!”

Kakashi smiled. “Well wasn’t that nice of them, Haruno-san?”

Sakura ignored the male and walked over to her fallen items, inspecting if they had damaged it in any way. She sighed in relief when she found nothing amiss and picked them up with ease. “Yes sensei.”

“S-See! We weren’t doing anything wrong.” Akashi backed away slowly along with his buddies. “Well then, I guess we will be going now!”

Kakashi laughed. “Of course, school will begin soon and you guys wouldn’t want to be late,”

“Y-Yeah, sure so—“

“That’s why I called an old friend of mine from Suna High to pick you boys up. You do know Baki-san right?”

At the mention of the Spartan head of discipline the students of Suna paled and gulped audibly. They stared at the smiling silver haired male then towards the black van that pulled up by the districts entrance. The front window rolled down and a very scary looking male slowly motioned for them to climb aboard.

Kakashi smiled. “Have a safe trip!”

--

“…If you were watching the whole time why didn’t you bother helping me the moment those creeps approached me?”

Kakashi sighed. “I didn’t know they weren’t your friends.”

“I don’t make friends with creeps.”

“Sorry to say, creeps or not, there are laws about adults harming children. I wasn’t about to get my ass thrown into jail because of a misunderstanding.”

Sakura fastened her seatbelt with a dry laugh. “Says the man who makes it a point to create a misunderstanding everywhere he went.”

Kakashi frowned. “Hey.”

She stayed silent after that. Kakashi focused his attention towards the road, already hating the decision of coming to pick her up. The girl made it clear that she wanted no one finding out about their so called relationship and she does things like this. He suppressed the tired sigh that was bubbling up inside his throat but the girl beat him to it.

Sakura sighed. “What were you even doing there in the first place?”


Say what now?


“What? You were the one who told me to come and get you!”

“I did nothing of this sort!”

Kakashi frowned and pulled out his phone, tossing it to her lap. “You sent me a damned text message asking me to drive you back to school!”

Sakura frowned and placed his phone on the dashboard of the vehicle. “That’s impossible I left my phone at school with…!”

“…Tsunade-sama?” He asked.

She frowned but nodded all the same. “Tsunade-sama…”

Kakashi sighed. “That woman doesn’t really know when to stop does she?”

Sakura didn’t reply but the slight twitch from her lips showed that she agreed with him whole heartedly.

“You should really stop leaving your phone when you go out,” He as they came towards a stop light. “You’ll never know when things like this might happen again.”

She frowned. “I could’ve handled it myself.”

Kakashi scoffed. “And risk tainting the name of Konoha? I don’t think so.”

Sakura glared him.

“Hey, don’t look at me like that.” He scolded. “We both know you could’ve handled the situation but you hesitated…”

“Shut up.”

“…And haven’t you learned that hesitation often leads to mistakes. I think Tsunade-sama needs to re-educate her little pupil.” He teased.

“STOP THE CAR!”

Kakashi looked surprised for a moment but immediately moved to park when he saw the girl shaking with silent anger. “Sakura, I didn’t—“

“I’m walking the rest of the way,” She unbuckled her seatbelt and bent down to gather her purchased item. “I don’t want anyone to see us arriving to school together.” She opened the door and closed it shut behind her. Kakashi frowned and rolled down the windows.

“Thank you for your kindness, Hatake-sensei.”

She began walking away and he could only stare at her retreating back. It was only then when she disappeared from the corner that he let his head drop on the steering wheel, not caring if his car horn disrupted the peace of the whole vicinity.

“…I’m such a fucking idiot…”

friends are assholes but you love 'em anyway

“You are a fucking idiot.”

“Shut up.”

Genma laughed at that. “Stop pouting, a man your age has no right to pout.”

“I’m not pouting.”

He stole a glance towards his long time friend and noted with unveiled amusement the small frown his normally blank face was sporting right now. Genma chuckled and pulled out a packet of smoke from his back pocket with a teasing smirk. “Of course you’re not.”

“You know you aren’t allowed to smoke on school grounds.”

Genma frowned. “Fuck. What are you my