the main door opened and someone walked in.

 

"C'mon..." Nozomi whispered to herself as she tried to tip-toe a little higher but after a moment,her toes gave in and she yelped when her toes couldn't carry her weight any longer so she fell off from the high chair.

 

"Watch out!" A familiar voice said and a series of running footsteps could be heard. And the sound of a large thud could be heard.

 


OOF!!


 

Nozomi groaned in pain as she ascended herself by letting her elbows and forearms support her as she pull herself up a little bit before looking around,"I'm okay.." She then felt something very warm below her so she looked down and then her face heated up while a large blush crept up to her face in embarrassment while her mouth stayed shut in shock.

 

Eli groaned in pain,"Ahh..jeez.." She then opened her eyes to look at her and the same reaction could be seen. Their bodies are like they are hugging each other and their faces were so close like they are gonna kiss. Their eyes stayed focus on each other. The box that Nozomi was about to place was just beside them.

 

This is... The blonde thought.

 

The blonde could feel that overjoyed reaction of her heart again and this time it got wilder...

 


It felt like the world stopped its time...


Hey guys! Hope you liked the new chapter! comments and kudos are always appreciated!~

It took them a while to respond and realize their position. Their eyes were still busy staring at each other. And after a while, Nozomi became the first to speak,"U-Umm...Elicchi..." "Nozomi.." Eli replied and the purple-haired blushed before she suddenly get off of her and looked away,"I-I'm sorry! I-I wasn't being careful!"

"A-Ahh no it's okay." Eli chuckled as she sat up and rubbed the back of her head as she focused her eyes on the purple-haired who just cutely blushed.

 

"A-Anyway, what are you doing here?" Nozomi slowly stood up and went to where the box is to carry it again but the blonde stopped her by quickly taking it,"I came here to just visit you and maybe ask you to have a walk with me?" The blonde smiled. "L-Like a date?" Eli blushed at Nozomi's reply and looked away,"N-Not like that..I mean...a friendly date perhaps?" "I-I see..." Nozomi responded, feeling that wave of disappointment.

 

"So how about it?" The blonde smiled shyly before she stepped on the high chair and then placed the box on top of the shelf before looking back at her. The purple-haired looked up at her,"Alright then." Eli's eyes sparkled with delight after hearing Nozomi's answer and then jumped down from the high chair and got a little closer to the other,"Thank you!" She then suddenly held Nozomi's hands,"I'll make sure you won't regret it! So are  you all set to go?"

 

"Hang on a second." Nozomi smiled at Eli's silliness,"I will just have to text Nico to guard the shop for a mome-"

 

"I'm already here!" Nico said out of the nowhere, making the two women flinch in surprise with a "WAAH!"

 

"Now go ahead you two!" The raven-haired said with a grin and the blonde sweat dropped before chuckling and looking back at the purple-haired,"Shall we?" Nozomi blinked and giggled slightly,"Alright!"

 

And the two did leave with Nico waving at them happily.

 

After a moment, a sound of the door opening occurred, interrupting the raven-haired from arranging the clothes from their shelves, Nico turned to greet the customer,"Welcome to--gek!" her expression then changed into a sour one once she saw the redhead walking in with a hand lightly rubbing her head while wearing that grumpy look.

 

"Don't mind if I do.." Maki said and looked around, looking for someone and Nico walked towards her with her arms crossed,"And who are you looking for?"

 

The redhead looked down at the raven-haired and blinked,"I was hoping to find Eli? That tall blonde woman who stammered yesterday?"

 

"Oh, she is just having a walk with my friend named Nozomi."

 

"Really?!" Maki's eyes widened and then smiled charmingly,"Oh good grief! You see Eli has her eyes on Nozomi for some time now and she told me that she fell for her the first time she saw her!"

 

Nico's eyes widened,"R-Really? What a coincidence! I experienced love at first sight with you!"

 

"Really?" Maki stared down at Nico with hope sprung up in her eyes.

 

"No." Nico's face turned into an emotionless one and then turned around to keep arranging the clothes, leaving the speechless Maki with her jaw dropped,"A-Ah wait! Let me help!"

 

"No way!" And the two began arguing while they unconsciously help each other.

 



~Meanwhile