?” Lukas asks as he pulls his helmet off. His hair brushes across his forehead and blue eyes. Fuck, Philip thinks. He’s done for.

“Didn’t.”

Lukas just stares at him. They are only a few feet apart but Philip feels like there is some kinetic energy between them, fizzling and cracking in the space between. It’s driving him out of his fucking mind.

“Is Rose okay?” Philip asks.

“What?” Lukas looked confused, then annoyed. “She’s fine yeah. She’s home, whatever.”

They stand there in silence for a few more beats until Lukas takes three steps forward to be inches away from Philip’s face. His breath is warm and smells of beer still, and his jacket is saturated with the smell of the bonfire. Philip is still feeling the alcohol a little bit, but he’s mostly just dizzy from this proximity.

“Why did you drink at that question?” Lukas asks.

Philip is spaced out, focused on the peak of Lukas’s cheek bones and how they are getting close and closer.

“Huh?”

“Have you ever cheated on someone?”

The question doesn’t make sense in Philip’s head.

“What? Of course not,” he replies.

“Then why. Did you drink?” Lukas asks once more, punctuating each word with a pause. Philip knows he means to be intimidating right now, but the only thing Philip ever feels when he’s this close to Lukas anymore is searing want.

“On myself,” Philip begins. “I told myself I wouldn’t do this, be a secret for someone else again. But I am—now.”

Lukas swallows, and the bob of his throat is the most interesting thing Philip can think of. He’s going mad.

But there isn’t enough time to think about that because Lukas’s lips are on his, and he’s melting. His whole body feels molten hot and a little bit savage. He wants to suck bruises into Lukas’s pale neck, but he knows he can’t do that. Instead he pressed his lips harder, pushing his tongue into Lukas’s mouth so quickly it elicits a groan making Philip go faint. This goddamn boy.

Lukas pushes them back against a tree which scratches at Philip’s back, but not hard enough to distract him from the pliant lips in front of him.

Lukas pulls away for a moment and breaths heavy against Philip’s lips. His eyes are still closed, and he looks like he is waiting for some reality to fade away. This is real though; it’s the realest thing Philip has ever known and that scares the absolute shit out of him. Lukas is trailing his hands down Philip’s sides slowly, stopping at the waist of his pants. Philip can’t tell if he’s breathing. He’s trying, been trying, so hard to be good, to not push Lukas past his boundaries. This is testing his own limits.

“You’re so pretty sometimes,” Lukas whispers, and Philip could cry.

Lukas takes a step back, and Philip gets ready to wrestle with the inevitable plunge that comes from Lukas’s abrupt departures. But Lukas isn’t getting back on his motorcycle. He’s reaching to the hem of Philip’s shirt and pulling it over his head. Philip probably looks exposed, but he doesn’t feel that way with Lukas’s eyes raking down his body. He simmers in the attention.

“You can –” Philip pauses. Lukas’s fingers resting tentatively on his ribs. “Go ahead,” Philip finishes.

Lukas shakes his head furiously. “I want it too much,” he whispers, shivering.

“Not possible,” Philip says, bringing his lips to Lukas throat and breathing there for a few moments. He doesn’t want to fuck this up, and every moment’s intensity feels multiplied. Lukas’s mouth is on his again, softer and slower this time. Philip’s heart is thumping in his ears with how much he wants this. His cock is throbbing so hard he can barely think about anything except this boy in front of him. He pushes his hips up to meet Lukas’s by accident, to relieve the ache just a little bit.

“Shit—sorry – I didn’t mean –”

“Fuck,” Lukas says, pulling him closer by the hip. Lukas tilts his head down to mouth at Philip’s collar bone, and Philip slides against him a second time. This time it’s slower, and Lukas rocks his hips too and yeah—Philip is done for. Lukas is panting against Philip’s chest, unable to stop his hips from moving. Lukas’s hands slide down again and pause once more at the waist of his jeans.

“Do it,” Philip urges, unable to contain himself.

Lukas’s finger quietly undo his button and then the zipper, and Philip can see clearly that his hands are shaking but he doesn’t care. He is