advantage,” Hermes said in complete seriousness.

As I blushed and pursed my lips, face locking up, I... connected?... with the stranger somehow. I saw the flash of a mirage of what must have been his other form, a boy with a shock of dye-black hair in a science lab that was lit like a rave.

His present body was taken aback by Hermes.

“You can see Hermes, ...Five Second Rule?”, I asked, as much a question to him as to myself.

“Only because you let me,” he explained, which didn’t explain anything. “You’ve never met any other chimerae before, have you?”

“Chimerae, appropriate name; not what I would have chosen, but appropriate,” Hermes said thoughtfully, rolling the word around in his lipless mouth.

“You’d be the first, ...” I verified, only just starting to calm down.

“Everyone just calls me Five. Wait, I think I recognize you from school. My birth name is Taylor Alexander.”

“I’m Mari Arnitt. With Hermes I’m Hot Mess,” I replied. “You’re in the arts college, right? I think I’ve seen you around.”

He nodded, then glanced around, and shifted back in a brief flash of spectral light.

Taylor was very tall and rail thin, almost effeminate. He was wearing a double-breasted coat with fake fur around the hood and collar, and black jeans. His hair was shaggy and dyed black in a way that matched his soft-black piercings. His dark blue eyes, which matched the edges of the glow of his other form, peaked out from under his dabbled bangs and looked extremely deep. The only thing that kept me from being sucked in was what must have been his companion popping into existence next to him.

And the fact he was still holding the glowing sword.

“Thought I’d return the favor,” he explained.

His companion was like a little piece of some old ‘cyberspace’ movie, a midsize black cube with pulsing blue angular lines. “Ooh, another friend it seems. I like the clothes, they match your hair. And the rule of thirds. I like the buildings over there, they’re shiny and modern,” it said as it flitted through the air, in a pauseless voice that would only fit on someone under eight.

“Forgive my demon, they're not nearly the art critic they think they are,” Taylor said. “I would know,” he added sullenly. “Anyway, this is Hephaestus. Prefers ‘they’ or ‘it’, bee-tee-dubs.”

“Demon?” I said.

“Demon, god, angel, ghost, eidolon, idea, archetype, all applicable,” Hermes interjected cryptically.

“Wait, everyone?” I said, still processing.

“Yeah, there’re a few dozen chimerae in a big city like this one,” Taylor replied, scratching the back of his neck. “Oh, speak of the devil.”

A short tween girl with mangled, armpit-length black hair came jogging out from around the bend and stopped when she got to us to stand next to Taylor, facing me. “Why'd you leave me all of a sudden, F- Taylor?” she huffed, catching her breath.

“Someone broke the perimeter I set up. So I came over to check,” he told her, “And voila: another noob chimera,” pointing to me.

“Heh heh, came,” the youngest human in sight chuckled. Taylor lightly punched her in the arm. “But ok. I’m Alex. Bottle Fairy.”

“Perimeter?”

Alex glanced at Taylor, raising one eyebrow, mouth straight.

Taylor scratched behind his neck sheepishly again, then held his sword up horizontal in front of him. “It’s what I do: this and the mark you stepped on. I can rub them on surfaces by touch and then peel them off. Kinda like stickers. And my sense of touch extends to them, basically.”

“Oh, I make heat,” I replied, finally adding something to the conversation.

“I make drugs,” Alex said, straight faced. Both Taylor and I stared at her. “Not really. But trust me, it’s good stuff.”


Well, each of us was good at making first impressions with absolutely no notice, apparently. 


We talked, exchanged handles, said we’d meet up later, and then went our separate ways. Standard meet and greet. I hadn’t even known I was craving reciprocity, but at the same time I wasn’t so sure about joining some small friend group when I hadn’t met all the members. This ‘Bigger’ I heard mention of kinda gave me the creeps.

I walked away in silence for a time, not even putting my earbuds back in.

 

---

 

When I neared the train station at the base of the thick utility spar that connected Dome 8 to the old Arcology 4, I lengthened my stride as I passed a small homeless camp, nestled into the old