!"

There was a cowed, "Your right dear, I… I set a bad example for the kits. I'm sorry."

"You don't need to be telling me your sorry. Take these, and go and apologize, and then come help me. We are going to go round up everyone before the busses get here and get this straighten out!"

Judy plaster herself to the front of Nick, and whispered in a pleading, desperate voice as he looked down at her, shocked and terrified, "Turn a bit and hide me before my dad comes in!"

Nick caught on and angled himself slightly so that most of his body was in-between hers and the curtain while still looking like he was showering.

The was the sound of something being shifted and then the door handle rotating.

"Fox? I mean, Nicholas, I'm coming in to drop off your clothes, alright?" her dad called through the cracked open door.

Judy wrapped her arms around him while laying her head flat against his chest right under his chin and snapped her ears down on his shoulder, doing everything she could to get as close as physically possible to him. The hot water was already all the way on, and she hoped the steam and the opaque curtain would be enough to blur Nick's outline so that her dad wouldn't realize she was in there too.

Nick spoke up in a hesitant, uncertain voice, "Ah, I… sure… Mr. Hopps. Um, thank you?"

The door opened and the closed, and Judy with her cheek lying flat against Nick chest could see to the side enough to catch a glimpse of the blurry shape of her father enter the bathroom. Judy didn't think she'd ever been this scared in her life. She held onto Nick like he was a rock amid a raging storm as the shower sprayed down on them and hoped with all her might that her dad would just drop the clothes off with a quick apology and leave.

Even amongst all that though, Judy couldn't help but notice one other thing. She was able to ignore the feeling of Nick's fur against her and the lithe muscle under that fur, ignore the pounding of his heart that she could hear with her ears flat against him, even ignore the glistening cream and russet color of his coat as the water ran over it making it look like something from movie or one of the full page foldouts from Jessica's not so secret Bucks & Beaches magazine collection. Judy managed to ignore all of that in the face of the certain doom that would follow for her and Nick if her parents caught them together in here. What she wasn't able to ignore as she tried to stay quiet and still against him, barely even breathing, was the smell.

Her short muzzle was right up against his ruff and while the shower had washed away much of his scent and dampened the remainder from what it had been this morning, it had also given his wet fur a subtle change of flavor; It still smelled like Nick, but now it had a deeper muskyness to it, a wilder tang that was intoxicating. That was bad enough, but amid that musky smell that made her want to bury her nose into his ruff for more than just the reason that her father might discover them if they were spotted, there was the linger scent of her mark. All the rest of her scent from their night sleeping together was gone, but her mark remained, seeming unaffected by the shower. Unmistakably her scent, mixing, twining, with his.

Her already sprinting heart picked up its pace a little bit more. She couldn't spare a thought to consider the implications of that in their current circumstance but neither could she purge that smell from her mind as each small breath brought a fresh reminded.

The blurry form of her dad moved.

"Here, I'll… ah, just leave your clothes next to the sink. After school today bonnie, um, Mrs. Hopps is going to take you to the store in town so you can get a toothbrush and whatever else you need." Her dad said awkwardly, placing the clothes on the counter.

Judy could feel how stiff Nick was, could hear his heartbeat, could feel each breath and every subtle change.

Nick took a moment to compose himself, to clear the shakiness out of his breathing before responding.

"Um, Thank you. I, ah, wish I wasn't such a burden on you all."

Her dad seemed to shift his positon, facing the shower and both Judy and Nick's hearts spike as she held her breath.

It's just Nick in the shower, nobody else is there, Just the blurry shape of a big tall fox, nobody else, she thought, trying to will her dad to not see anything suspicious and leave quickly.

There was a sigh, before her dad spoke, "Fo-… Nicholas, l… I owe you an apology." Her dad seemed to think hard before he continued, "I haven't treated you the way I should, even for someone