and float, legs kicking lazily behind him.

“Not even a little bit.”

“Why are we arguing?”

“Dunno,” Toudou shrugs, then straightens. Makishima feels strong legs wrap around his waist and digs his feet into the sand to keep them both upright. “Because you’re wrong.”

It’s hard to see with only a little light from the moon, but Makishima can tell that Toudou is smiling. “What?”

“Mm,” Toudou sighs and presses himself against Makishima. “You should kiss me.”

“Only if you admit I’m right.”

“Maki-chan,” Toudou sighs his affectionate nickname softly. They lean forward at the same time, mouths meeting in a lazy kiss that tastes of alcohol and lingering smoke. Makishima wraps his arms around Toudou’s waist, fingers tracing Toudou’s spine. Just like earlier, he feels hazy; it’s probably the alcohol, mostly. And maybe the fact that Toudou is sucking on his bottom lip and humming quietly.

Makishima isn’t sure how long they stay in the shallows, tangled around each other and moving their mouths together languidly. There’s no hurry or expectation; their tongues brush together, explore each other’s mouths until they’re breathing hard, and still Toudou doesn’t draw away. It’s causing a very blatant reaction in Makishima’s body, one that drives thought from his already emptying mind. His hands move down to grope at Toudou’s hips, pulling him closer.

With a quiet whine, Toudou digs his nails into Makishima’s back. His hardness rubs over Makishima’s own; they both shudder, Toudou exhaling shakily. “Maki-chan,” Toudou says as he draws away, looking at Makishima from behind heavy eyelids. “I’m…I’m a little drunk.”

“You’re—what?”

“Let me finish!” Toudou pouts, then tilts his head to steal a kiss. “I’m a little drunk, and I might need to pee a little.”

Makishima chuckles, then laughs so hard his shoulders shake. Toudou joins in after a few seconds, resting his chin on Makishima’s shoulder.

“I take it you want to go back to the room,” Makishima says when his laughing quiets.

“I think Maeda and Aihara already left.”

Toudou drops his legs. He flails a little in the water before he finds his footing. Makishima isn’t sure when his friends left, but the fire is out and there’s no one to be seen on the beach.

“It’s probably late,” Makishima says, following Toudou back toward the beach.

“I need a shower,” Toudou answers vaguely. “A hot, hot shower. Maki-chan, do you want to shower with me? It’ll save time.”

“Well,” Makishima laughs. “We probably shouldn’t.”

“It’s okay,” Toudou insists, wandering slowly toward the folded up blanket that Maeda and Aihara had left behind. He picks up his bag and slings it over his shoulder, then picks up the blanket to shake out sand. “I don’t blame you for wanting this. I’m hot.”

“Toudou…”

“I like it better when you call me Jinpachi.”

“Demanding, aren’t you?”

“Mm, yeah, call me demanding again.”

“Jinpachi.”

“Sorry, sorry,” Toudou giggles. They walk from the beach to the hotel parking lot, Toudou wavering a little. “Hey, Maki-chan?”

“Yeah?”

“Can I burn those shorts when we get home?”

“Kuha!” Makishima nudges Toudou’s shoulder. “If you have to.”

“I do,” Toudou nods, glancing at Makishima’s face with a lopsided smile. “I really do. It’s against my morals not to.”

“Anything else, Jinpachi?” Makishima asks. In the light streaming into the parking lot from the hotel lobby, Makishima can make out the exact moment Toudou’s smile widens. His stomach does a weird lurch—like he’s fallen off his bike. In a good way.

“I want my tank top back,” Toudou says, slowly, allowing Makishima to open the lobby door. He pads into the brightly lit interior. Sandy footprints and dripping water are left in his wake. “I was going to keep it, but then you didn’t figure out that you were supposed to kiss me,” he explains nonchalantly. “So I’ll need it back.”

“Alright,” Makishima agrees. He takes Toudou’s arm to lead him toward the elevator, ready to wash sand from his skin and get into bed. He’s even more ready to continue where they left off in the ocean. “I’ll see what I can do.”

I'm a week late, almost. Sorry! I've been not liking my writing so much lately and that always makes me procrastinate. :/

Thanks for comments and kudos! They're the best. :3


Make slow, get inside and pull on