jaw. Lukas wants so badly and he hates himself twice as much. He swipes his thumb backward and feels Philip’s hair. And then Philip breathes in and snaps away like he’s been burnt.

“Lukas, come on,” Philip whispers harshly. Lukas knows that he’s been given too much already and that he deserves none of it.

Lukas closes his eyes and takes a breath. When he opens them, his lips are on Philip’s.

Philip kisses him and kisses him and kisses him endlessly. Lukas knows that he is desperate and that it’s showing but god, it doesn’t matter, does it? The whole entire universe has shrunk to only be him and Philip and this moment.

Lukas snakes his hands underneath Philip’s t-shirt and curls a hand around his ribcage. Philip groans something so beautifully, either Lukas’s name or a curse word, but they are one in the same anymore. Philip’s tongue is in his mouth now, and Lukas’s entire body feels like it’s made of molten metal. He is burning, so he bites at Philip’s lip as if that will help. 

Philip rolls his hips up into Lukas, and Lukas digs his fingernails into Philip’s back. He knows this is the worst thing for him, but it doesn’t even really matter. His brain has been a constant loop of gunshots, blood, and Philip’s lips. At least this might add another scene to the reel.

When Lukas breaks apart and looks at Philip, Philip’s eyes are closed. He’s panting, and takes a few moments before slowly opening them. He looks cautiously at Lukas, which is fair considering their past, like Lukas is an animal he doesn’t want to startle. Lukas knows, logically, that Philip has every right to second guess him. But when they are like this, spit swapped and nearly skin to skin, Lukas doesn’t understand how he can be anything but transparent. The boiling over in his chest must be evident on his face. Philip must know that he wants this more than anything.

Lukas tilts his chin up. He kisses Philip’s jaw, his temples, and then his eyelids. He bends down again and gives him a chaste kiss on the lips.

“How was your week?” Philip asks, softly, and Lukas’s heart splits in two.

Lukas kisses Philip’s neck, from his jaw all the way down and across his collarbone to the other side. Back up again. He lingers in some places, but mostly he’s just wild, trying to grasp for any purchase he can make. God, he loves him. He knows it to be true, bouncing around inside his head, and now overflowing through his mouth onto Philip’s skin. It rings in his ears like a prayer. He presses a final kiss to Philip’s Adams apple, and Philip staggers out a breath. 

Crystalline and irrefutable, it’s clear now that Philip doesn’t get it. Philip doesn’t understand that when he’s in his arms, his fingers don’t itch for activity like they usually do. That when Philip is there, the static background of his noisy brain goes blank and he can just fucking exist for once.

His week was fine, but it’d all been building up to this.

If Philip doesn’t understand it himself, then Lukas has to show him. He goes back up to push his tongue into Philip’s mouth at the same time reaching for his waistband.

“Are you sure?” Philip asks.

“Yeah.”

Philip moans and the echoes of it bounce across the walls of the tunnel. Lukas unbuttons Philip’s jeans and plunges a greedy hand into his boxers. His hand trails over a bed of hair at first, which makes the lust burn brighter in Lukas’s stomach. If there were any doubts or images that he could conjure up to make him pretend this is anything other than a boy, they would’ve disappeared then. Philip is here, a terrifying and intoxicating reality that Lukas has yet to fully accept.

Lukas wraps his hand around Philip’s dick, which is already half way hard. It feels weird to be doing an action so familiar on someone else. He twists his hands like he would for himself, and Philip moans again. Lukas surges up to kiss him. Philip’s hands tangle in Lukas’s hair, yanking gently and driving Lukas mad. Philip could do anything, really, and Lukas would be going crazy over it. But still, it always feels like Philip knows exactly the thing Lukas didn’t know he needed.

Lukas’s hands are moving faster now, and he’s biting at Philip’s neck.

“You feel better than I imagined,” Lukas confesses into Philip’s ear. He recognizes that this is the beginning of an unraveling, an admittance that this is good for him and that he’s fantasized about it before.

Philip tugs at his hair once more.