,” Zayn says. He lights up a cigarette for the show.

Liam starts with the plaid shirt he’s wearing. He has it unbuttoned already, so all he does is take it off and throws on the floor by his feet. He moves for the white shirt he has on and starts to pull it off, but Zayn stops him, “I said a show, this isn’t much of one. The less you entertain me the more you’ll get spanked.”

Liam doesn’t reply.

“I think that’s 5 more spanks for not replying to me.

 

Liam looks at Zayn, “S-sorry, sir, I-I didn’t know I was s-suppose to.”

Zayn scoffs, “Well I guess we’ll have to work on that."

Liam continued his striptease and soon was down to just his socks. He looked at Zayn trying to see what he wanted Liam to do, and Zayn just gave him a look of amusement. Sighing to himself, Liam bent over taking one sock then the other off without much of a show.

Fully naked with a semi hard dick, Liam stood in his spot not moving. 

"Come here," Zayn says.

Liam makes the short walk over to the other and stands in front of him. Zayn moves his hand over Liam's leg and up to his ass. He gives a squeeze to the cheek he has in hand, then gives it a light slap.

"Down on all fours, ass to me."

Liam drops to the floor letting out an "oof" because his knees hit the ground harder than he thought they would. His head is bowed trying to look through his legs to Zayn, but he doesn't see him. 

There's a hand on the small of his back and he shivers.

"Just me," Zayn says to calm him, "You're going to get 15 spanks for that piss poor show you put on and not addressing me. Count after each one." 

And without warning a hard first slap comes down on the middle of Liam's ass, "One," he grinds out through his teeth.

Slaps two through five alternate cheeks and Liam counts each one.

"You're getting so red for me, look so good," Zayn says before he lands a smack on Liam's left side.

"Six."

When Zayn is at number ten He goes for a hard slap to the right. Liam breathes out the number as he falls so he's on his elbows making his ass move up.

"What's your color?"

"Green?"

"Is that a question or an answer?"

"Green, sir," Liam says with more confidence.

"You get two extra spanks for not saying 'sir' the first time."

Liam sighs, "Yes, sir."

When they're at fifteen Liam's eyes are wet and his dick is hard.

"Two more."

"Yes sir."

The last two are painfully hard right in the middle so both sides are hit. Liam has tears leaking thought for his eyes when he calls each other out.

"What do you say?"

"T-thank you, sir." 

Zayn hums approving, "What's your color?" 

"G-green."

Zayn pulls Liam up so he's kneeling with his back to Zayn. Zayn wraps an arm around his chest while the other moves to stroke his length.

"You were so good. Took everything without complaint. Such a good boy."

"Yes sir."

"Do you want to come?" 

"Please sir."

"Then get me out of my clothes and start working on me. No coming before I do. If you do you get punished." 

"I'll be good, promise...sir."

Zayn releases him and Liam turns to look at him. He sees Zayn's eyes are blown and his lips are red, probably from biting them. He moves to kiss him, but Zayn doesn't let him.

"Not yet."

Liam whines.

"Are you complaining?"

"No sir, no," Liam quickly says.

“Get my clothes off, and I might let you kiss me. We’ll see.”

Liam moves quickly to get Zayn’s shirt off and goes for the button of his jeans even faster. He’s fingers are working fast, but he keeps fumbling. He growls in frustration and a hand comes to his.

“Slow down, it’s not a race.”

Liam looks up at Zayn and Zayn has a small smile on his face.

Liam’s hands move slower this time and he gets Zayn’s jeans undone. He has trouble getting them off because of their position, but Zayn helps me by lying back and Liam does the rest. Zayn’s pants are tented and Liam rubs a hand over it. Zayn bites back a moan and grabs at Liam’s wrist, “Did I say you could do that?”

Liam looks at him, “No sir, but I thought...”

“Thought what?”

“Thought you wanted to...I