gripping her upper arms, and the mattress creaked beneath them as he shifted closer.

Were his eyes shut too? Or open? She imagined him watching her eyelids as he adjusted the angle of his lips and tucked her lower lip between his teeth. It forged a tightness in her gut.

His thigh grazed against hers and she shivered. Byakuya pulled back and judging by the wet crackling that followed, he moistened his lips with his tongue. “Open your mouth.”

Touko did and the distance between them diminished further as he slipped his tongue inside her. She teetered backward and almost lost her balance, prompting her to cling onto him, which in turn made him tighten his hold on her.

The sensation of something not controlled by her moving in her mouth stirred the fluttering feeling inside her to an uncomfortable level. It evaded her briefly why a usually romantic gesture unsettled her but it soon dawned to her with cold clarity - it reminded her of Genocider Syo’s tongue.

Byakuya must have sensed something was off because his tongue curled back into his mouth. “What?” he asked, slightly winded.

“N-Nothing.” She opened her eyes. Her stomach knotted; she had never seen him this close. It was a shame she wasn’t wearing her glasses: her lack of eyewear blurred his face.

“Well. That’s good.” He briefly looked away. She saw that. And she could see how flushed he was. Had she made him angry? Disappointed him?  He spoke as if choosing his words carefully. “That should do for the time being. Now we should...”

“Sh-Should what?”

He flexed his fingers. “You know what I’m referring to.”

She honestly didn’t know. “Byakuya-sama, are you feeling okay?” Maybe she infected him with her smelly breath. What if she poisoned him with some disease and ended up killing him? Imagine, their first kiss resulting in murder.

Byakuya stilled his hands and tore his gaze away from his lap. “I mean we should have intercourse now!”

The scream she bit back rolled down her body then up again, escaping as a squeak. “I... Huh?”

Choice words from a Super High School Level Literary Girl.

“Do you just enjoy the sound of my voice or are you deaf?” he snapped. “That’s how it works, doesn’t it? We kiss and then we... I don’t want to say it again. Or are you repulsed by my body for some inane reason?”

“W-What?” Repulsed? By him? “No! I just... I don’t understand!”

She struggled to equate him finding her convenient to any of this. And all this made a lot more sense in her head where it existed only as hypothetical scenarios she could lull herself to sleep with. Even after she received his letter and the connotations of clean lingerie and a recent shower, this hadn't passed her mind.

“What is there to understand?” he asked. “Didn’t you discern my intentions?”

“Yes, but I don’t know why you... w-want to do this... I’m not worthy and surely you have better things to do with your ti-”

“Shut up.” He paused and spoke next with moderate gentleness she never thought possible from him outside her daydreams. “You’re not to tell anyone this, but I’ve been having... disturbing dreams recently. I believe it’s due to my confinement here and you happen to be the focus of several of them, probably because you follow me everywhere and I made the mistake of reading a few of your books.”

Her cheeks set aflame. So... he thought about her... when she wasn’t around? Oh. Oh. Very much oh.

“Therefore,” he continued, “in order to rid myself of these dreams, I thought I would... do this.” He motioned toward her.

She smirked at her knees. “Byakuya-sama... W-What sort of dreams are you having?”

“... That doesn’t matter.” Byakuya took off his tie, putting it onto the bed a few seconds later. “I assume at this point we take off our clothes and... do it.”

For the second time that day, she didn’t realise he meant it as a question. Only this time, she didn’t realise until he spoke again.

“You’re the expert, aren’t you?" he asked. "You never went into much detail in your stories about this so I have little to go on.”

Touko registered the fact that Byakuya Togami had little to no clue on what he was doing, which was adorable but problematic if she wanted him to lead rather than vice versa. Though she supposed someone as important as him had never given this sort of thing much thought. It couldn’t be helped.

“W-Well, we shouldn’t jump into it.” She gulped, trying to remedy her dry mouth. “We need to be turned on so it’s less painful