even noticed in all the fuss.  She was pale and her grip was so light it scared me.  But she was in control again.  She held me back, for the second time.  She was the only one who could have.  I only coulda been this upset for her.

Not that she'd ever know that.

Giles came closer, one hand outstretched.  "Buffy, please..."

That was too much.  "If you touch her," I said, slow and shaky and careful, "I will kill you."

Giles looked at me for what seemed like the first time since we'd walked in here.  There was pain in his eyes, and regret, sure, but not enough.  Not near enough.  "Faith, you have to understand--"

"I understand you're not getting anywhere near me on my eighteenth birthday," I said.  "I understand you'd better stay the hell away from both of us."

"I am deeply sorry..."

"You stuck a needle in me."  Buffy's voice was low, but deadly.  "You poisoned me."

Those words hit Giles harder than any full-strength Slayer punch could have.  Still, he tried one last time.  "You're safe now--"

"No thanks to you."  Buffy tensed beside me, the way she did before a fight.  "I want you to leave."

Giles only stared at her.

"Now."  Buffy looked him straight in the eye.  She was strung tight as a crossbow string, all her control directed at keeping her voice steady.  "Get out."

Finally, Giles nodded.  "Just...don't walk home alone, Buffy.  Please.  Take Faith with you, to keep you safe."

And he slipped out of the library.  We were alone.

Buffy was still holding my hand, and all of a sudden I didn't know what to do.  There was no way in hell I was leaving her, but she couldn't be feeling that friendly towards me right now either.  She never liked how fast I got to know the Scoobs and her mom.  She thought I was taking over her life.  Now it was true, sort of.  I was the Slayer, at least as far as the Council was concerned.  I got the Watcher and the training.  I got to be the hero.

And looking in Buffy's eyes right then, I didn't want any of it.

They say be careful what you wish for.  Ever notice how they only say it when it's too late to take it back?

For once I was glad that Buffy wasn't saying anything.  I couldn't have said anything myself right then to save my life.  I squeezed her hand and pulled her to the table, and sort of pushed her down into a chair.  She watched me with those wide green eyes of hers, looking like a five-year-old who's been told there's no Easter Bunny.  Disbelief and disappointment and the kind of sadness you can't ever forget.  I didn't even want to let go of her for the two minutes it took to get the first aid kit.

I got out some antiseptic and mixed it with warm water in a bowl, then dipped a cloth into it.  Buffy kept her eyes on me, so I was glad to have something to do, somewhere to look.  I couldn't meet her gaze.  It's like for the first time she was seeing more of me than I was willing to show.  For the first time she was really looking at me, and not at that hungry-horny Slayer I play at being most of the time.

I crouched in front of her, balancing myself with one hand on her knee.  I brushed her loose hair off her forehead.  The cut wasn't nasty or deep, and the bleeding had mostly stopped.  It was the sort of thing that would heal on its own in an hour or two, usually.  But Buffy's healing was down along with her strength.  I wrung out the cloth and dabbed at the cut.  Buffy winced, but didn't pull away.  I tried to be business-like about it.  But the way she was looking at me...

I cleaned the cut, and put the cloth back in the bowl.  I couldn't help but stroke her hair again, for no good reason but I wanted to touch her.  I'm lucky to even hold her hand sometimes while we dance, or get a high-five when we slay.  My training would be for shit if I ever let myself think about how much our bodies brushed together as we struggled on the mats.  So I push it out of my mind, the way I do with pain when I'm fighting.  Don't acknowledge it and it isn't there.

The library was incredibly quiet.  The lights were dim, and none of the overheads were on.  And I couldn't move.  Buffy caught me with her eyes and kept me there, looking up at her, one hand