It was all my fault, my own. Stupid. Mistake.

Sirius.


...I'm so sorry.


But heroes don't cry. They go on. Always go on onto the next battle. Battles on life and death.


Sometimes I wish I was never born at all, so I wouldn't have to die.


Green. Ironic, isn't it? My mum with her green eyes, my eyes, killed by the green beam of an Avada Kedavra. And I survived. Why? It should've been the other way around. I ruined so much, so many lives… So many precious, promising lives all to save mine? So I could live on?

Wouldn't it have been fitting if I were a mistake? The product of a forgotten spell or potion, failed birth control. My entire life is built on mistakes, made of mistakes. One big mistake.

I am a mistake.

I have got no life. I have got no future. My future is green, as is the past. My future will end in the final battle. At this rate the battle will be just before final exams. Oh, Hermione's going to have a fit about that, we can hardly study during battle, can we.

I love her, honestly, I do! She, Ron, Ginny, Sirius. Remus and Dumbledore. Well, I guess just Remus, 'Mione and the Weasleys then. They're my family. I've never had a real family before... Now I'm practically adopted, and Hermione's surely going to be my 'sister-in-law'.


If I even survive the war.


I have to. I have to win. They all sacrificed themselves for me! I can't just leave that unnoticed!

Fight. For everyone. For my friends who don't know me; for my schoolmates who don't know what to do with me; for the people outside the castle, muggle and wizard alike, no matter if they even see or like me...

Just give me a chance to grow. Please let me be myself. Please let me do this on my own. Please let me be me. Please let me live my life.

Can I be normal if I win? Or would you think me even more perfect? More powerful? More famous? More special?


I'm just a boy.


I never said I was perfect. I really never said I was.

Then why do you all keep believing?

I never said I was perfect. They all just assumed I was.


Fucking Slytherins.


Of course, I always looked impeccable and nothing short of perfect. I never got the looks wrong. I had the most expensive robes of all, never had a single strand of hair out of place. I had the right 'friends' in the right places, the influence -

Have.

Had.

What's the difference anyway.

They all looked up to me, even the older ones. I am the son of the right-hand man of the Dark Lord, after all. It sounded like a long and impressive title. Later, I got my own:Slytherin's Ice Prince.

Was it the hair? The eyes? The air? The arrogance? The act?

How I thought I had it going back then. Life seemed so perfect at the time. I had the power, the fame, the money; I was adored, no, feared amongst the students. Hated, feared and adored; by one, by all; sometimes even all three at the same time. Such a perfect combination. Such a lethal mix of ingredients.

I was so sure of myself that I thought I'd concocted and bottled victory, all by myself.

How very wrong I was. So naïve, so - Too ambitious for my own good. A deadly collaboration of youth, recklessness, naivety and all-out Slytherin qualities. Ambition. Leadership. Intelligence. Power. No compassion. No courage. Just knowing exactly when to start running to save your own hide.

For some time, I honestly believed I had friends. I believed in loyalty to those that did something for me, in equal trading. Later, I realised not even that was considered worthy to a Slytherin, let alone a Malfoy. Later, I realised I'd never had friends, but only cronies, blind followers and minions. Later, everything was clear.

I've never been brilliant in Divination. Never saw the need to.

I wasn't in Slytherin for ambition or leadership, nor for high intelligence, street-smarts or power, not even for my skills at manipulation and lying when needed, playing my act like a good little boy.

No.

I was sorted into Slytherin, because I was a coward.

I am a coward, for not daring to kill. For not daring to Join.

I wanted to, so bad, I wanted to! It was my dream from when I was so very young to follow the Dark Lord when I was finally old enough, and