her eyes. “He’s not my boyfriend. He was, like two years ago, but we broke up and we’re just friends now.” 

“Oh,” Relief courses through her before Allison remembers that Lydia still said she was in a relationship, and if its not Jackson, then that means she’s likely still with whoever she’s dating. 

“Yes,” Lydia smiles at her fondly for a moment before clapping the physics book shut. “What are you looking for today?” 

“I need something in French,” Allison says, enjoying the slow spread of Lydia’s mouth as her expression changes from slightly amused to entertained. “For my French class.” 

“Upstairs,” Lydia says, nodding to the narrow stack of stairs in the corner. She hops off her stool and smooths her skirt. “I have to go with you, to make sure you don’t steal anything.” 

There’s a teasing crinkle to her eyes that makes Allison laugh. Lydia leads her upstairs, heels loud against the creaking structure of the steps. The second floor isn’t too different from the first, just with different sections. The worn hardwood floor is the same, and the signs proclaiming the subjects are all similar to the neatly made ones downstairs. Sashaying across the floor, Lydia goes for a bookshelf labeled ‘Foreign Languages’ and indicates the French shelf with a flourish of her dainty hand. 

“Unfortunately there aren’t a lot of donations for foreign works,” Lydia says, leaning against the bookshelf as Allison inspects the titles. “What French class are you in?” 

Allison explains to her the French minor she’s tackling that has no bearing on her kinesiology major. She even goes as far as to admit that she’s considering switching to a French major entirely, since learning about the history and connecting it with her family is more appealing than boring biology classes. Lydia listens intently, toying with the edge of her skirt as she looks up a Allison. 

Its flattering to have Lydia’s full attention like this, and Allison loses herself a bit as she speaks, only half aware of the words she’s rambling as she holds Lydia’s gaze. 

The sound of the bell faintly tickling through the air downstairs shocks her out of the moment though, and Lydia sighs as it breaks apart. 

“I have to go down,” she says. Allison nods, blinking away the haze that Lydia had cast in her mind. 

Five minutes later, she goes back down with a book in hand to see Lydia laughing spectacularly with another guy, this one with darker skin and a friendlier face. The stairs squeak so both glance up when Allison enters, Lydia beaming and the guy smirking. 

“Find one?” Lydia says, perky as ever. This, Allison thinks, must be the real boyfriend. He moves over to let Allison take a place at the counter and winks at her when she accidentally catches his eye. 

“Danny,” Lydia sings in a high tone edged with warning, and the guy snaps his eyes back to her, grinning ruefully. 

Did Lydia think her boyfriend was checking Allison out? Surely he wouldn’t do that right in front of his girlfriend. He already seemed more easygoing than the last guy, Jackson. She frowns to herself, watching Lydia’s small hands swipe her credit card with practiced ease. 

“So you’re Allison,” Danny says without it being a question. She raises her eyebrow, wondering if he had glimpsed it on her card when Lydia took it. His dark eyes keep sparkling with unknown mirth, flickering between Allison and Lydia with raised eyebrows. 

“Danny,” Lydia says again, her voice pitched lower and more threatening than before. She doesn’t look at him as she hands Allison the book, receipt neatly tucked into the front page as usual. Allison smiles at her automatically when Lydia says, “Hope to see you soon.” 

The warm tingling spreading low in her belly stays with her all the way until she reaches the door and she hears Danny laughing. She remembers boyfriend and the pleasant feeling dissipates by the time the door swings shut behind her. 

--

Scott knows her better than anyone in the world, earned by their four year relationship in high school and the fact that she’s still pretty sure they’re stuck as each other’s soulmates no matter what. Its just considerably more platonic these days, especially with Kira getting Scott’s dopey romantic face at full blast and Lydia weighing on Allison’s mind every time someone brings up dating or she sees a redhead on the street. 

She’s turning her head at the sound of clicking high heels when Scott brings it up. 

“Who are you in love with?” he sounds curious and slightly hurt that she wouldn’t tell him, but his eyes are earnest as ever. Always ready to support her. 

“I’m not,” Allison says, even as her mind starts scrambling to push thoughts about Lydia out before Scott can read them all over her face. 

“You are,” Scott accuses lightly. He grins. “Someone I know?” 

“She has