normally worships the ground you walk on.” He paused, slowly nodding his head as realization dawned upon him. “Right. You didn’t tell them.”

“I can take care of my - “ Damian was cut off as another wave of nausea hit him. His head was back in the toilet and Jason was thankful that he had a strong stomach.

Damian hadn’t needed to finish his sentence. Jason figured it out. The kid was too damn proud to tell anybody that he was sick, wanted to deal with it himself. And Jason had ended up getting himself tangled up in it all. Reaching into the cabinet, he grabbed a washcloth and ran cold water over it from the sink. Once Damian’s head was out of the toilet, he handed the cloth over. “Wipe your mouth, kiddo.”

Grumbling under his breath, Damian listened, using the cool cloth to clean his mouth off. He got off his knees, settling back against the wall and taking a deep breath. Then the back of Jason’s hand was pressed to his forehead. “Todd, what in the hell are you doing?”

“You have a fever.” Jason said plainly. Something came over him, something he wasn’t  used  to. The need to take care of the youngest bat. “Have you eaten anything today? Or have you been puking all day?” He asked, stepping away to lean back against the wall, eyes focused on Damian.

Sighing, Damian spoke, “...I have been sick since I woke up.” He seemed reluctant to admit it. Probably more of that stupid Wayne ego getting in the way.

“So we’re going to get you some vegetable broth. You’re vegetarian, right?”

“How did you know?”

Jason shrugged. “I just do.” Maybe his own pride was too stubborn to admit that he paid attention to these things. “Anyway, we’re going to see if you can keep some broth down and get some sleep. See if we can get you to sweat your fever out. Deal?”

Another reluctant sigh from Damian. “If it makes you feel useful, Todd.”



*** 

Thirty minutes later, Damian was tucked in bed with a bowl of vegetable broth and Jason stood awkwardly in the doorway. Even if the kid was trying to keep his tough demeanor up, it was actually kind of sad. Jason had never seen him so...not Damian like. His sarcastic retorts were lacking, he would make pathetic whimpers occasionally or sniffle and nuzzle into his pillow. He seemed like an actual kid, instead of the pain in the ass he was.

That’s when it kind of hit Jason. Damian  was  a kid. Mature in some ways beyond his years, but still just a kid. “I’m finished, To -  Jason .” His voice pulled him from his thoughts and Jason left the doorway, taking the half-empty bowl from him.

“Should have eaten more.” He grumbled, placing it on the nightstand. “How are you feeling? Do we need to make a beeline to the bathroom?”

“I-I think I am fine. Thank you.”

There was an honesty in his thank-you that made Jason give a small smile and a nod. “Don’t mention it, tater tot.” He stood there awkwardly, looking between the door and Damian. He had never really spent an extended amount of time  alone  with the kid. Always stayed away, always had other things to do. Always felt out of place.

There was a portrait in the hallway. One of Bruce, Damian, Dick, Tim and Alfred. One without Jason. And maybe that bugged him more than it should have. Maybe it made him feel completely isolated, even if it he had done most of the isolating himself. It still stung, but it wasn’t Damian’s fault. Even if there wasn’t a closeness between the two of them, Damian needed someone to take care of him right now. He needed a big brother.

Silence passed between the two of them as Jason moved across the room, moving to Damian’s bookcase. The shelves were lined with books, some Jason had read, some he hadn’t heard of. Some old, some new. His eyes stopped on his Shakespeare collection. It didn’t come as a surprise that the kid liked Shakespeare. Grabbing ‘A Midnight’s Summer Dream’ off the bookshelf, he moved back over to Damian’s bedside. “Scoot over, baby bat.”

“Todd, what in the hell are you doing?” The attitude was back, but it was a front. A weak one put on by a kid who felt terrible, who wanted to feel strong. It wasn’t working.

“I’m going to read to you. If you’d scoot over.”

“Why?”

“Well, you don’t have a TV in your room,” Jason said looking around.

“I mean why are you going to read to me? I can read by myself.”

“Yeah, I know