softly, “What about Billy?” 

“Billy?” 

“The boy, silly!” Dahlia laughed, a tinkling sound. “Wouldn't you like to meet him?” 

Mia shrugged her shoulders half-heartedly. “Not really. I'm not that interested.” 

“Well,” Dahlia said, finally getting to her feet and pulling Iris up along with her, “I am.” Her twin nodded along, as though they had been her own words. It was a given, or so Mia thought, that Iris would be going along to meet him too.  That was why when Iris later raised the alarm about Dahlia's disappearance, Mia wondered if she should've said something. 

But she had found herself bound by the last words she had spoken to her cousin that day. As Dahlia walked away, she gently touched a finger to the side of her nose and said, “This is our little secret, isn't it?” 

And Mia promised. 

It was December 2001. 

–

Dahlia came back, but only briefly.

Billy and his father disappeared from the village. 

Mr. Hawthorne returned to take the twins away. 

Mia's mother vanished into thin air. 

Ten years later, Mia left too. 

–

If there had been a clear division between Hell and Heaven, then perhaps they would never have met again. Yet, the spirit world was far more complex than that. After the results of her mother's murder trial at Eagle Mountain, Mia didn't expect that Dahlia would ever be channelled into the living world again. 

But not even that could stymie Dahlia's pathological obsession with revenge. She had already exhausted one possible avenue of punishing the dead, but that did not mean that there were not others. In the nexus, Dahlia sought Mia out, her face nothing but fury, the good girl facade she loved so much now entirely gone. “Don't think this is over, Mia Fey,” she spat, “because it's not.” 

And then there was a tug on her hands and she could feel her cousin dragging her. It was an odd sensation, to feel dragged down in the absence of a corporeal body, but sometimes the consciousness filled in the details so things could make sense. Mia could feel Dahlia direct her towards the living world, but she knew that Dahlia would have no hope of breaking the barrier without a medium. Even Mia, with more spiritual power, could not do such a thing. 

As they drew closer, Mia recognized their destination. It was a place that she had not been to for a very long time. 

It was Kurain. But it was not the Kurain of the living, but rather of their past: the way it had been the last time they had spoken as children. Dahlia brought Mia to the room they'd been in that fateful day and Mia could make out the fuzzy outlines of the children they had been, the imprint of their memories. 

It was here that Dahlia pushed Mia down, hard, with a shove against the shoulder. Mia hadn't been expecting to be let go of so soon and went tumbling to the ground. Dahlia loomed over her. Whatever her cousin's intentions were, Mia would not go without a fight. She looked up at Dahlia, rather unable to move, and scoffed. “What is this, another fake kidnapping? Shouldn't you know by now that your attempts always fail?” 

Dahlia did not look remotely abashed; here in the spirit world she had no need for the airs and graces that had served her so well in the land of the living. She kneeled over Mia, straddling her, but then grabbed her by the sides of the face and screamed for a very long time. When she was done, panting, she snarled, “This time it's real.”

Mia bore it all stoically. 

“I could rip off your face, Mia Fey! I could gouge out your eyes!” 

Mia looked to the side, ignoring the burning sensation in her cheeks. The pain was not real, but Dahlia's incredible hatred was. “But you won't, will you, because it won't change anything. You'll still be you and I'll still be me.”

Dahlia's eyes darkened and it was only then that Mia could describe the look she had seen all those years ago. It was hunger: hunger for recognition, for approval. But it was buried, hidden away deep underneath the overwhelming anger. “If I can't be you, then I'll have you. I'll consume you. I'll take your soul!”  

It was hard to describe what happened next: it wasn't sex, not in the way it had been back when she'd been alive, although it certainly felt similar; she could feel Dahlia's fingers pushing inside her, probing her. But as her cousin explored her body she could also feel Dahlia exploring her  mind. Unbidden, memories that were not her own came to mind; Aunt Morgan and her husband arguing in dark corners, her