her hands up in a surrendering gesture. “I'll behave! Promise!”

Amélie eyed her suspiciously, clearly not buying that statement as she made her way over to the couch, fully expecting the giggle and light pat on her bum.

Once Amélie had sat down, Lena climbed over the back of the settee and plonked herself down next to her, crossing her legs.

“So,” She clapped her hands together, “plan for tonight! We stuff our faces and drink ourselves silly while watching a few vids. How's that sound?”

“Not the  worst  way to spend my night, I suppose,” Amélie mused.

Lena pouted. “Rude! Bugger off home if you don't wanna be here then.”

Amélie gave her a small smile. “Non , this is admittedly better than staying in with Gabe and Sombra.”

“Hmph. You bet it is! I’ll-” she'd started before being cut off by her phone ringing.

She frowned, pulling her mobile from her back pocket. “Huh? Who the bloody hell…” looking at the screen told her it was Hana who was calling.

With a quick look and a shrug to Amélie, she tapped the green call button and held it up to her ear.

“What you want, squirt?”

Amélie couldn't hear much other than a mumbled response on the other end. She sat there bored, tapping her fingernails against the arm of the couch until an idea struck her. Slowly, she let her fingers tiptoe up Lena's thigh before stopping to massage the inside.

Lena stopped mid sentence and looked down at Amélie’s hand, then slowly up to her face, eyes questioning. Amélie heard more mumbling on the other end of the phone, which snapped Lena back to the conversation with a quick apology.

Since she hadn't been told to stop, Amélie let her hand wander further upwards, cupping Lena through her shorts. She smirked as Lena sucked in a breath and shot her a warning glare.

Amélie took her time, undoing the drawstring of Lena's shorts one string at a time before slipping a hand into her underwear.

She was unsurprised to find her fingers already wet from Lena's slick folds as they dipped between her lips; searching, exploring,  teasing.

Lena gasped and gripped her wrist. “What are you doing?” She whispered harshly, her voice lowered as she held the phone away from her face.

Amélie leaned in closer to her ear. “Making it up to you,  chérie. I did say I would,” she purred back.

“Now??” 

Amélie raised an eyebrow and leaned back to look Lena in the face. “Do you want me to stop?”

Lena appeared to be at war with herself as she weighed her options. On one hand, Hana was still on the phone, but on the other hand… Amélie’s fingers felt so good inside her.

It must have showed on her face since Amélie took that as an invitation to keep going, leaning in to place her lips just under Lena's ear, trailing them down her neck slowly before giving her a sharp bite.

“Fuc-k,” Lena gasped softly, squeezing Amélie’s wrist which told her to keep going.

Amélie let a single finger slip under the hood of Lena's clit, pressing, prodding and swirling around the little bundle of nerves as the woman struggled to form coherent sentences on the phone.

Lena grit her teeth. “S-sorry, Han, could you repeat that?”

Amélie heard more mumbling from the phone and Lena instantly sat bolt upright. “You what?” she looked over towards the window - which were thankfully covered by the blinds - just in time to see bright lights shine underneath them as a car pulled up on the drive. A car horn honked from outside, causing her to panic.

Lena jumped up from the couch, pushing Amélie’s hand away before blinking towards the window. Gently, she peeled back the curtain to peek outside, stomach dropping at the site of Lúcio’s bright green car.

“You’ve gotta be ‘aving a laugh…” Lena grumbled, ending the call on her phone. “They’ve got the worst bloody timing!”

Amélie got up and joined her, sucking her fingers clean before peering through the blinds. “A pity, I was starting to enjoy myself.”

“Just my luck,” Lena groaned uncomfortably, feeling the sticky heat in her knickers. Seeing Amélie roll her tongue over her fingers did not help that situation any more either.

The doorbell rang, and Lena put on her best  ‘I wasn’t just fucked while on the phone’  face before pulling the front door open, revealing the grinning faces of Hana, Lúcio and Sombra.

Amélie’s eyes narrowed at the site of her purple haired friend. “Sombra. What are you up to? Why are you  here?”

The Spanish woman looked almost offended. “Am I not allowed to have fun with my amigos?” She asked innocently.

Amélie eyed her suspiciously but said nothing.

“Come on, let’s get this show on