attachment — dependency — and that soulmates were nothing more than empty words. He wondered when he started believing it.

Jongin was taught to keep his wrist covered and ignore the desire, the temptation to check it.

398.

Jongin remembered his first roommate at the training facility. He was quiet kid. Quirky. Kind. He had a warm smile that contradicted himself. The gentle pull of his lips was a complete 180° change from how hard he trained. Of how insanely good he was at everything. Jongin remembered his name, too — Zhang Yixing.

He also remembered when things fell apart.

‘Fresh Meat’ was they would call newcomers and they would enter the facility every few months or so. Jongin had never seen the numbers on Yixing’s wrist, but had noticed that he had started to act strange when the newest arrival had entered the training arena.

He was a tall, lanky kid with tamed black hair that was swept away from his face. ‘Oh Sehun’ he said as he introduced himself and his eyes lingered on Yixing for a second too long. Jongin made no comment on it.

It was later that evening when Jongin found Yixing facing the wall. It was compulsory to wear a black band to cover the numbers on their wrist but for the first time, law abiding Yixing had broken the rules. The black band was discarded on to the floor and it was at this time he had noticed Jongin’s presence.

Yixing looked paler than usual, but he still seemed calm. Jongin’s eyes were drawn to the bright ‘0’ glowing on the inside of his left wrist.

“It’s the new kid,” Yixing said calmly, “Sehun,” he explained. “He’s my-” Yixing paused. Inhaled. Exhaled, “My soulmate.”

“How do you know that?” Jongin had said then. “That could have been at zero for ages. Maybe you’re just excited because there’s fresh meat-”

“That’s not it,” Yixing ran his fingers over the zero before he dropped his hand back to his side, “Maybe I’m going crazy, but I could feel it when I saw him, Jongin. I just… knew. And when I came back here to check the number — it was at zero.”

He saw the way that Sehun and Yixing gravitated toward each other. Romance was forbidden in their profession, but what they did in their own time wasn’t Jongin’s business. They would train together, sneak out past curfew to talk and over time Jongin had to pretend that he didn't see the hickeys that peeked out from Yixing’s shirt.

And soon enough, they were found out.

Jongin returned to his room one day to find Yixing’s side of the room empty. He didn’t ask any questions, but heard the whispers in the corridors, in the training room, the locker room, about how the Soulmates were no more. But Jongin wasn't sure if it was figurative or literal.

274.

Adrenaline ran thick in Jongin’s veins. He breathed a little deeper, steps a little quicker. There was a natural high that came from going on missions like these and he would get a bigger rush once he completed them. He loved every bit of it.

200.

Jongin drew to a stop. It was quieter now. He stood in an alleyway, away from the noise and bright lights and was left staring down at his wrist. Two hundred. He had never paid attention to the red, glowing numbers, so why now? He stepped forward once 199. And then another. 198. The furrowing of his brows deepened, as did the frown on his lips. He had more important things to worry about than numbers counting down.

The hotel on Fifth Avenue was always busy with traffic. He entered through the fire escape around the back and ascended the flights of stairs. His destination was the ninth floor. His wrist demanded for attention — attention that he refused to give and continued to climb up the winding staircase.

It was at the fourth floor when he heard the echo of what was recognisable as a whistle. The whistle was then accompanied by measured footsteps that had Jongin’s guard up. He ran his fingers over his gun and evened out his breathing.

50.

The person whistling seemed to be descending the stairs. At this point, they were sure to cross paths and there was a new rush of adrenaline in Jongin’s system. The beating of his heart was loud in his ears but he kept his steps light.

The whistling stopped and so did Jongin. He was at the sixth floor now.

“Birds flying high, you know how I feel,” A voice began to sing. It was smooth. Velvety. A shiver ran down Jongin’s spine.

“Sun in the sky, you know how I feel.” The steps grew closer. Louder.

“Reeds driftin’ on by, you know how I feel,” The voice echoed off the walls and filled the fire escape.

“It’s a new dawn. It’s