closely, all care hidden in the deep recesses of his soul, as only Harry could tell. Harry cleared his throat, suddenly noticing his pants, inwardly grimacing at the thoughts that it could provoke.

Too late now.

His voiced cracked as he started, but he plowed on, high on his sudden confidence, and finally telling Niall the truth.

“I love you too.”

Somewhere in Hell, the Devil clapped, a silly smile on his face, and God smiled high up on his throne in Heaven. Down on earth, a thunderous silence was broken, and Niall felt muscles in his ass he didn’t know he had relax, though later on he would wish he still didn’t know they existed.

Niall stepped closer.

Harry stepped back.

Niall chuckled, a low, sexy sound.

Harry gulped, noting how Niall’s eyes moved with his adam’s apple.

Niall stalked his prey up against the opposite wall, feeling the space between them diminish, the air practically shooting sparks, the temperature rising dangerously.

Harry moaned breathlessly as Niall smiled slowly, evil intent clear in his eyes, and put one hand against the wall behind Niall’s hand. A millennium passed as Niall slowly leaned in, until his chest was pressed against Harry’s and they were practically breathing as one. The heated expanse of air around the two sighed quietly as Niall opened his mouth, the sorrow felt in the walls when Niall started talking.

“I have an idea; we can fake it,”

Harry felt his stomach sink.

“You know make the sounds, but not do the actions?”

Harry blinked his swollen eyes, feeling the pinprick of tears all over again, but this time it was from the feeling of being broken.

Niall didn’t want him.

No, Harry wouldn’t stand for it.

Niall watched as the younger boys expression changed from heat to despair, his gut clenching as he fought the feeling to grab the boy up and rock him until he felt better, when suddenly Harry face basically spelled out ‘D-e-t-e-r-m-i-n-a-t-i-o-n”

Harry raised his head, causing his lips to, almost, innocently brush against Niall’s.

Almost.

Looking into the older lads eyes, Harry grinned, a twinkle in his eyes, and happily exclaimed,”Okay, sure, it’s just… I have to masturbate.” Niall choked on a piece of dust, and in that instant, felt his brain twitch as he imagined the sight that would be.

Wow.

“Why?”

Harry smiled sweetly, his hands already pulling down his pants as he explained excitedly,”It needs to be as realistic as possible right? So I figured, why not just masturbate? Its the closest thing to ‘real’.”

Niall was speechless as not-so-mini Harry sprang from the not-very-confining confines of his trousers. Harry bit his lip as he grasped his length in his hand, praying his plan would work; mission Anti Niall’s Plan was just put into action.

Moaning loudly, Harry began moving his hand up and down, lubricating his erection with his own pre-cum, watching Niall through dark green eyes, the sparkle all gone, now replaced with a deep glow from within. Niall groaned aloud as Harry’s hand sped up, and he took an involuntary step forward, hands reaching out.

For what?

Harry’s hand paused, and he cracked a tight lipped grin, the force he was putting into staying still clearly evident in his tense stance. Cocking an eyebrow at Niall, Harry asked the question Niall had hoped he would, even if it was only half-consciously.

“Do you wanna touch?”

Gulping, Niall took two more steps towards Harry, his sight fixated on the one thing he really wanted at the moment. Harry moved his hand slightly, and Niall whined as Harry whispered sternly.

“Answer me.

Do.

You.

Want.

To.

Touch?”

Niall croaked out a yes.

He wanted to finish the job.

Harry chuckled, a strangled sound, though he felt relief flow through him.

If they had gone through with Niall’s plan, Harry would have gone through the Internet like a hurricane looking for the best of the best to get off on; there was no other option. He would’ve been a dead man.

Slowly walking forward, Harry swept Niall up, forcing the shorter lad to wrap his legs around Harry’s waist, and, with a fantasy-creating smile on his face, Harry carried Niall over to the washer, and set him down on it.

Niall felt a confused frown spreading across his face, knowing it only grew wider as Harry started the washer.

Huh?

Harry shook his head, a sheepish expression taking over the heat his face had held as he almost inaudibly, coupled with his slow speech, said-

“I forgot to start it before…”

Niall could only shake his head, wondering then why he was sitting on it, when suddenly his pants were off.

Cool air