“IS IT BECAUSE YOU REALIZED IT’S ALL AN ACT? IS IT BEACUE I RAISED A KID?! AND THAT MAKE IT OK TO TALK TO ME?! IS IT BECAUSE YOU GUYS FINALLY TOOK A DAY TO UNDERSTAND ME? IS IT BECAUSE YOU ALL FEEL BAD NOW THAT SOMEONE WANTS TO TRY TO TALK TO ME? IS IT BECAUSE YOUR REALIZE YOU DON’T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT ME?” His voice drops and I bite my lip at the amount of despair in his voice, I’m sorry jean. I’m sorry that I didn’t meet you sooner. That it took a misunderstanding for this to happen. “Is it because you don’t know me at all or give me a chance?” “IS IT?” stop please jean their trying, I’m trying… But you have to let us in….let us try. Please jean.“Stop trying to get so close to me. I haven’t needed you guys before why would I need you now? Why would I need anyone in my life? Just leave me alone, like always. Just stay out of my life," His voice cracks, " and I will stay out of yours." I lean on the other side of the door, I wipe my eyes. I hear the slam of a door…. I step back grabbing my bag. …..I twist the handle and push the door open.huh he didn’t lock it. Eld is standing by the door. He looks hurt and ashamed. I look around. Eren sits at the table chewing on his lip eyes down, hands clenched. Connie stands next to the couch a shaky Yams in his arms, the TV, flickers forgotten. From the back we hear a muffled scream. I clear my throat.“Everyone go stay in dorm 3,” I say softly. Eld turns to me his hands up raised.“We….never knew…..we just “his voice cracks. I shake my head.“I’ll stay….I’ve just meet jean …it’ll be less …” Eld nods. “Grab your bags and some clothes…I don’t know how long it will take him to calm down.” Eld grabs Eren’s arm. Eren and Eld collect their bags from their rooms and try to ignore the sounds of sobbing. Yams whimpers and clutches onto Connie. He pats her back.“We’re the ones at fault aren’t we?” Connie softly asks as Eld and Eren head up stairs. “it goes both ways….if no one says anything…… No one knows.” He nods, grabbing his bag off of the couch. Yams looks at me biting her lip.“are you gonna stay?” She mumbles at me. She looks like she trying not to cry. “he needs a Marco…like I did…….” she whispers. I kiss her forehead before Connie carries her up. I set my bag down, hang up my jacket. You know he likes coffee right? Ok so first things first. I start up the new coffee pot. I pour two big mugs. I set those with a few muffins on a tray. I carry everything down the hall. I set the tray off to the side of the hallway. I sit down with my back against his door, leaning against it I can feel it shake with his heaving breathes. He’s sitting on the other side. The only thing separating us is his door. I sigh and wipe my eyes. Just open up a bit Jean, please.

 

^^^^^^^

 

I check my watch. 7pm. I lean my forehead on my knees, my legs drawn up to my chest, arms clutched around them. It’s silent on the other side of the door. He quieted down around  5:56pm. The coffee in my cup was long gone the other was cold. I can hear his soft breathing against the wood. I think he fell asleep. I wonder how long it’s been since he’s let himself let out any of it out. How long has he kept it bottled up like that? I’m so tired…..I stretch my neck and let my head rest on the wood behind me. My back aches.  Giving up already, Marco? No I won’t.

Chapter 6 Yuban, homebrewed, as sweet as humanly possible, please. October 20th, Tuesday, 8?pm

The world fell out from beneath me. Or to be more specific jean opened his door, causing me to fall backwards. I slam into the ground yelping. I stare up at him form between his feet, the back of my head throbbing. Its dark but I can still make out his mask of bruises and the Carmel color of his eyes. It really is a pretty color, wonder if it’s natural? We stare at each other for a few seconds. Both of us a bit surprised and in shock over this turn of events. I reach up to ....to do what? I’m not sure but before I can figure it out. He jumps, attempting to get over me I think, but it’s