and Steve gave them both only the most cursory of goings over before he started to push into him.

Bucky hissed.

Steve whimpered.

"I swear to God," Bucky sighed. "The shit I do for you, Rogers."

"You’re aces. You’re absolutely aces. You’re the best. You’re amazing. Oh my God, I can’t believe this, I’m gonna die.”

"How come you can talk so much when you’re screwin’ me, but when I was bouncin’ you on my dick you couldn’t hardly-“

Bucky’s eyes rolled back in his head and Steve dug his fingers into Bucky’s stomach.

“Because,” Steve murmured against his ear, before kissing his neck. “Because, because, Buck, mm. It’s- You like it, right? S’good, right?”

"You’re stupid," Bucky panted. "You’re too big and you’re so stupid and I can’t- Nngh, yes, Christ, yes. Right- right there, baby, that’s- Jesus and Mary, Stevie, fuck me, oh God, yeah, yes, ngh- yes-”

"Like that, Bucky?" Steve closed his eyes. The only sounds within earshot were the clinking of their belts, the slap of their hips, and the sloppy-wet squelch of at least four loads of come and Vaseline and one really good tongue-fucking in the showers welcoming Steve’s cock right back into him. “You like that, don’t you? M’doin’ good, ain’t I?”

"Shit," Bucky managed. "Damn, baby. Damn. We gonna- we gonna be here long, or-“

"Mm, no," Steve promised. "No, not- not when you’re messy, I can’t take messy, you know I can’t- Mm! You’re so good to me. Why didn’t you go wash up?”

"Because I already took a shower this morning!" Bucky reminded him, reaching back to punch him in the hip. "I can’t- go takin’- multiple showers- and changin’ my drawers every- couple hours- ‘cause my- ugh- pretty sack of shit CO wants to- wants to keep- fuck me, Stevie, oh Jesus yeah, harder, give it to me, gimme it, gimme, right- right there, Christ yes-“

"You’re so good," Steve’s mouth brushed his ear. "So good. So good, Buck, you’re so good. I can’t- I ain’t gonna- mmhm, just- just- ooh,Bucky, Bucky, Bucky, I can’t-"

Bucky started to wince when he went to pull up his pants, but Steve stopped him, pulling out two clean handkerchiefs from his pocket and cleaning Bucky up as best as he could.

"A week,” Bucky made him promise again, though some of the irritation was out of his smoky grey-blue eyes and Steve, gazing up at him, couldn’t help but grin, goofy and high. “None for you. You go jerk off.”

"I’m gonna think about this when I’m doin’ it, though," Steve murmured, kissing Bucky’s stomach. "You’re ridiculous, Buck. A fella shouldn’t be so- I dunno. I shouldn’t want you so much."

"You can want me all the time," Bucky said dryly, fishing his last cigarette out of Steve’s jacket pocket. "You just can’t have me for a week. You think of anybody other than me- n’maybe Carter- when you’re touchin’ that thing and I’ll get jealous."

Steve laughed, cringing and wrapping one handkerchief in the other before shoving both back into his pocket.

LAZULISONG ASKED: did anybody think to request that week when steve had to take care of himself because bucky was done with it and how he accidentally spent most of it watching steve jerk off and commentating and also jerking off himself?Anon1: ww2 era stucky? With Steve being the jackrabbit Bucky described in the last prompt. Basically Steve fucking Bucky senseless for as long as he can while they’re on leave. Bonus points for Bucky enjoying being manhandled

Anon2: can we hear about the “really good tongue fucking in the showers” that was referenced in that bucky/steve slut shaming kink fill from earlier??

"Hey, Buck?" Steve stuck his head out of the bathroom, shaving soap still on his face.

Bucky glanced up from his bed, where he was filling out his share of their paperwork, raising both eyebrows.

Steve tilted his head back slightly, chin dipping to one side, and looked at Bucky, closing his mouth and swallowing before he spoke. “How much you figure you’ve got left?”

"It’s different when you’re taller," Bucky chided, smirking and shaking his