you, every inch of your body. So please don’t look at me like I betrayed you or something because it’s not true and you know it. Just because I look at this part of your body doesn’t mean I don’t like it so don’t assume anything." Chanyeol insisted.

His younger lover lowered his gaze. He felt guilty for doubting Chanyeol even after everything he’s done for him since they started dating but he couldn’t help it.

"Now that I've cleared this out, I have a present for you. Wait." he said, getting up to rummage his closet.

Sehun sat up straight, curious, as he rubbed his arms.

Chanyeol came back with a plastic bag and hold it out to him, smiling. "Open it."

The blond took out the content of the bag and looked at it, speechless. Chanyeol had bought him a white strapless bra, the simplest model.

"I thought you needed something else other than corsets or undershirts. I’m not forcing you to wear it though, it’s up to you but I thought maybe you would like it." his lover explained, anxious.

Sehun stared at the bra with a faraway look on his face and dived into his memories.

 

 

 

When he was younger, little Sehun didn’t know he was different from other people. He had friends, even a little girlfriend in middle school whom he liked a lot and planned to marry. Unfortunately, the happy times soon changed for the worst when he hit puberty.

While he grew in height and stature like any other boys, another part of his body which wasn’t supposed to grow did as well. But it wasn’t something to consider as normal for a boy, a man. Far from it. He always thought of himself as a boy, but his body wasn’t anything like the body of a boy. What could he do ? He didn’t want this body. He was a boy, he acted and lived like one.

Sehun’s parents never said anything to him, they acted as if nothing was wrong with him, and it could be a good thing in a sense but it wasn’t. This silence felt too much like rejection. They were fine with it before, what changed ? Sehun had no one to confide to and spent his adolescence stressing himself out about his appearance, his dissimilarity with his pears. How could he learn to accept himself if others couldn’t ? His own parents couldn’t look him in the eyes anymore and he didn’t understand why. What did he do wrong ?

The more he did researches about his condition, the more he became withdrawn and shy, closing himself to the world.

In class, he could hide with sweaters and large T-shirts. But even then he couldn’t help but have the impression that everyone could see through the layers of his clothes. Each time he went out, he would feel uncomfortable under people’s gazes.

It wasn’t the worst though.

The worst was when he had to change in the locker room to go to PE class. He had to find ways to change before or after the other boys, he never showered with them as well and had to be careful not to touch nor being touched by anyone while playing sports. If someone made contact with his chest they would definitely feel it and he couldn’t let it happen.

 

 

 

Sehun had his first real girlfriend at fifteen. They dated for about one month and kissed a few times but each time his girlfriend wanted to touch him he would react violently.

Then came his first boyfriend at seventeen. They got along well, and Sehun didn’t freak out while kissing and touching him. They stayed together for about six months and ended their relationship when his boyfriend told him he had to concentrate on his studies – Sehun was too much of a distraction for him. The months he spent with the boy were more than great.

The first time he fell in love, it happened to be with the wrong person. Sehun was just beginning to accept himself and thinking others could as well. He understood how wrong he was when he told the boy he loved who he was. In other words, he ended with a broken heart and a very low self-esteem.

But Sehun buried the harsh words and awful memories the boy left him and moved on.

After that, he never trusted anyone with his secret, not even his friends. And it was better that way, he concluded. He went out with a few boys and girls, some in for some meaningless and kinky sex, some by curiosity, to try new things and taste the forbidden.

Then came Chanyeol. And everything was right again.

 

 

 

"Thank you," Sehun breathed, a small smile on his lips.

"What do you think about bras with straps ? Would you like to try it as well ?" Chanyeol asked, cautious.

"Do you want me to crossdress ?" the blond inquired softly, his face unreadable.

Chanyeol panicked and shook his head vigorously. "