, surprised that his boss had noticed. Well, he supposed he had been acting a little off today. He hadn't been able to stand the disgustingly chirpy voice of the DJ on the radio and there had been just the hint of a headache lying in wait behind his eyes since early morning.

"Nah, it's nothing," he said with a careless shrug, hoping it would fool Hal.

But the huge ex-football player had too much experience with contrary kids to fall for the act. "Those nails must've have done something terrible for you to treat them that way then," he said with a glance at the handful of bent nails John had thrown aside with a little too much force. "By the way, I haven't seen McKay around much lately. He doing all right?"

"He's fine," John said, gritting his teeth.

"Still working hiss ass off, I take it?"

"No," John said, bringing the hammer down. "He's got a couple of weeks off."

"Oh," Hal nodded to himself. "I see."

Then he went back into his office. The door was left open, the same way it usually was when the kids started to arrive. John put the hammer down and stared at the door. After a moment, the familiar tones of Johnny Cash started to drift out of the office. Damn. Ah, well. It was probably time for a break anyway.

Hal hardly looked up from his computer when John entered and deposited himself in the shabby chair on the opposite side of the desk, but there was a fresh mug of coffee standing in front of the empty place. John had to grin. His boss knew him well.

"Rodney's driving me crazy," he said, picking up the mug and taking a sip.

"Hm," Hal grunted, still not turning away from the monitor. John waited for the big man to say something, but when Hal remained quiet, he found that he had to fill the silence himself.

"Well, I guess we're driving each other crazy," he continued, trying his best to voice his thoughts.

Hal looked up. "So, what else is new?" he asked and raised a silver-coloured eyebrow.

John smiled a little at that. It was hardly a secret. "Well, I suppose it's all right for him to be all caught up in his work, but when it's me, it's suddenly not as important," he said, not quite able to keep a hint of bitterness out of his voice.

"Hmm," Hal answered, noncommittally, taking a sip from his coffee mug and hitting another few keys on the keyboard.

"This place... it's important to me," John admitted to the quiet open air.

Hal looked up again. "Don't I know it," he said with a little chuckle. "Let's just said I spent my fair share of nights on the couch when we were starting up. Still do as a matter of fact. But Maude, she has her bowling and her book circle and God save the poor soul who tries to keep her away from them."

John laughed a bit at that too. Maude Lindberg was as tiny as her husband was huge, but she had the sort of presence that made it impossible not to respect her deeply; more than one presumptuous young offender had found that out the hard way - you simply did not argue with Maude.

Turning the monitor away, Hal leaned over the desk, finally looking straight at John. "Listen, Sheppard," he said soberly. "You're both stubborn, and you both have tempers. Of course you're going to argue. The important thing is, is it worth it?"

John didn't even have to think about that. "It is to me," he said earnestly. "I'm just not so sure about Rodney."

Hal actually laughed out loud at that. "Have you seen how that man looks at you? I don't think you have anything to worry about there. And if you still do, how about you just tell him about it?"

The words hit exactly the spot in John's chest where his worst fears were located. What if Rodney didn't think it was worth it? What if he was just holding out until someone better came along, someone a little less screwed up in the head?

John shook his head. "It's... hard," he said, trying not to swallow back the words.

"Of course it is," Hal agreed. "But that's what all relationships are about, isn't it? Giving and taking. Can't teach it to the kids if you can't practice it yourself."

With that, Hal went back to his computer and John finished his coffee in silence, pondering the wise words of his boss.

It was strange how he could be this honest with Hal when usually just thinking about talking about his feelings made him cringe.  He