Castiel got caught off-guard by Dean.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

 



As it turns out, daddy Dean did not actually shoot anyone that night.

The angel introduced himself as Castiel, the Angel of Thursday, new changes, travel, solitude and tears before adding a quick, "Please don't say my name."

And daddy Dean had stammered for awhile, "Uhm, uhh... ah, Ca... Cas! Cas. Okay." and daddy Dean tucked his firearm back into the holster. A thought seemed to flash in his mind as he motioned for Castiel to stay put. Cas sat in the chair solemnly as he watched daddy Dean run up the stairs. Castiel heard a door open, close and a swishing sound. Daddy Dean walked down the stairs, carrying something folded in a tan color.

He handed the clothing to Castiel, "This must be yours, then." he had said.

Castiel raised his brows and took the clothing, unfolding it.

It was his trenchcoat!

The angel could not believe it. He had thought that it was lost or that some human had kept it for themselves.

The trenchcoat had slipped off Castiel's body when he had fallen - literally - on the roof of daddy Dean's house the first time Ben prayed. Well, Castiel was in a hurry that day. Michael had given orders to stay in, in lieu of certain abnormalities in the garrison - he wasn't very clear on that. But, Castiel thought that if he was fast enough, he could make the trip to Ben's bedside and back to Heaven within the hour. But he had to slip on a cloud on the way there so he had fallen rather ungracefully, his trenchcoat getting caught in some cupid's ridiculously decorated love chariot, resulting in him shedding his trenchcoat (again, he was in a hurry).

When he landed on the roof with a 'thump!' , his trenchcoat was still float-falling and he really didn't have time to care. However, time on Earth is different from time in Heaven and sure enough, he heard Michael hollering through the radio. The hour was already up (but it only felt like minutes to anyone else) and Castiel had to go back up, albeit choosing a different route this time, avoiding the chariot traffic - the ridiculously decorated love chariot traffic. He has no idea why it had to be situated right above daddy Dean's house.

And due to the certain abnormalities in the garrison, Castiel had to be mindful of where he went. Michael made himself clear in the end but Castiel doesn't really want to think about it.

And so, here he is, two weeks after the mis-encounter, wearing the trenchcoat, sporting a backwards tie and unruly hair, infront of daddy Dean's, or Dean's house because the human mentioned only Ben called him daddy Dean.

Castiel fidgeted. He doesn't know how long he could stay here and he wished that Dean would just open the door and invite him in already. But then, Dean doesn't know he's here or why. Neither does Cas.

Castiel ran a hand through his hair and resigned to sit down on the front steps of the door. He rubs his neck nervously, Michael would have a field day if he found out - especially after what happened on the day of shut in. But, he really doesn't want to think about.

But he should.

Because Samandiriel has been kicked out of the garrison due to interference and Michael has launched a full-on spot check for every soldier. Annael wasn't too thrilled in his micromanagement but he's Michael and Michael can do what he wants.

Castiel sighs and he stood to leave but, the door swings open, "Woah!!" Dean shouted, loosening his grip on the coffee cup in shock. Within seconds, Castiel spun around, a hand shooting out in the direction of the white glass - now floating in the thin air with coffee overflowing from the tilt. With a calm aura, Castiel wills the coffee cup back into Dean's hands and makes the stains disappear. Dean could only blink as he proceeds to drink from the coffee cup - speechless.

Dean breathes out loudly, trying to simmer the hurricane in his chest, "And you're here because...." not noticing the almost non-existence of personal space between him and the angel.

Castiel focused his gaze on Dean's eyes. There was no wildfire in them anymore, only nature. "I came to see you, Dean. And Ben. Ofcourse. And Ben."

Castiel moves to enter the house but Dean places an open palm against his diaphragm and frowned, "Why." it was a question-statement.

Castiel rolled his eyes. The nerve of this human! He just saved Dean's coffee and wooden flooring, the least he could do was to welcome him into his home! Castiel frowned, a message clear - he deserved to enter Dean's home. And sure enough, the human relented and allowed Castiel in.

Dean drank