all things! – when they were having a semi-serious conversation, talking about a movie they just watched, discussing its literary themes.

Like what even–?!

 

…but then the dilemma comes: because then he has to admit that he, too, wasn’t quite right in the head. Because in the days that he got to know Jinyoung and became acquainted with the type of jokes he told, it didn’t take him long to realize that he was usually the one who laughed the loudest and in quite an uncontrollable manner, depending on the severity of the joke, at said jokes.

Like that one random dolphin interjection – Jaebum had actually went along with it. Naturally. And built upon it. Without thinking, without questioning, heck, he probably didn’t even realize that he was going with it. Only that he did.

And he laughed, with a shaking stomach and crinkled eyes.

 

 

Another time, he had erupted into a fit of mad giggles. In public.

And he couldn’t stop.

 

And then Jinyoung started laughing at his laughing, which made him laugh even harder than he thought was possible.

 

And by the end of it, he doesn’t quite remember why they even started laughing in the first place. Only that they were laughing so, so badly. And that there was this giddy, aching pain ringing in his abdomen for the longest time afterwards.

 

Jaebum had said then, with a faded smile, when his mouth could utter proper words again, “Jinyoung-ah, that- that really wasn’t that funny.”

 

Jinyoung blinked at him, once.

He still had a faint smile on his face, too.

 

“…I know.” He had said, starting to look all pleased with himself.

 

A pause.

Playful eyes twinkling.

 

And then, with a certain sass embedded in his voice, he continued.

 

“That’s why I said it.”

 

Jaebum remembers the way Jinyoung’s cheeks puffed up when he said that, like he was feeling both amused and incredibly cheeky.

And he could only think: Ah. Jinyoung… 


 



…Jinyoung was an idiot.


 

Then, quickly, as if he had heard the very thoughts in Jaebum’s head, the corners of his friend’s mouth licked into a wicked, knowing smile.

 

“…and was that why you laughed…?”

 

A stupid laugh escaped his own lips the instant Jinyoung said that, as if to further prove his point. Jinyoung’s right hand moved to cover over the small laugh coming from his mouth.

 

And well…yeah. He was an idiot, too.

 

 

Jaebum still isn’t decided on whether he was completely sold, or in favour of the effect that ‘Jinyoung-jokes’ had on him, though. After all, he liked having a certain rule of control over what he does, and that does include being able to control his own damn laughter. And, all things considered, he did undergo that period of harsh, self-taught laughter-training, which meant that he shouldn’t be that easily affected by what Jinyoung blurts out in a spur of a moment…and yet. 

 


Hm. 


 

What Jaebum could say for certain though, was that in those pink shades of laughter, he definitely didn’t need to question himself whether he was laughing because something was funny, or because he has to.

Those bursts of laughter that erupted from his chest were most positively him laughing brightly and freely, out of his own volition. Not because it would be a nice thing to do, not because it was expected of him, and certainly not because of some ‘etiquette’- have you seen the way he sometimes snorts in between breaths of dying laughter because of the bullshit that pours out of Jinyoung’s pretty mouth?

Yep, definitely no consideration for etiquette there.

 

-

 

Jaebum looks out the window for a short bit, then glances at the man sitting from across him.

They were in a quaint café that afternoon, sipping on coffee, sharing stories. Conversations flowing from one topic to another, without any real direction, or really, without a need for one. Something about the café felt especially homely, but Jaebum couldn’t really figure out what it was.

But there was a calming feeling floating about. And he liked it, quite a bit.

 

Maybe it had something to do with the faded daffodil yellow walls of the café.

 

For a while, after Jinyoung’s unfunny funny punchline, they settled into an easy peace of quiet.

Across from him, Jinyoung looked over his own shoulder, into the distance. He didn’t seem to be looking at anything in particular. The smile on Jinyoung’s lips broke off after a while, but there was still a pleasant expression that shined in his eyes. 

 

In his head, he hears Jinyoung’s words play back.

That tone of voice, and those precise words.

 

…and how something felt strange.

 

Jaebum fiddles with his phone, checking the time and random notifications for a bit.

 

‘Maybe, I don’t even need a life at all.’ Jinyoung had said.

 

Not to say