him in surprise.

               Junmyeon just tilted his head back and laughed.

               That was all the encouragement Yifan needed.

 

               Yifan’s courting of Junmyeon wasn’t traditional by any means. He never appeared at the beta’s house with a fresh kill to show that he could feed his mate, nor did he ever try to show his strength, nor did he ever show his jealousy when Junmyeon chatted with other wolves. He never tried to show how tough he was by growling at the beta, and he never even tried to touch him like the other alphas who liked to wrap a possessive arm around the omega they were courting. Instead, Yifan put all his energy into spending as much time as possible with the beta.

               When Yifan wasn’t needed to help the Pack, he would find Junmyeon and the two of them would simply enjoy the company of the other. They would mostly go on walks together. Before the chill and snow came, they would search for more of the flowers Yifan had first given to Junmyeon. The beta, though, even after the seasons passed, was still unsure of Yifan.

               “I just don’t understand,” the beta said sadly as the two of them sat close together for warmth. “I don’t understand why you would like me,” he sighed. “I’m so boring and average. I’m not strong, I’m not helpful, I can barely do anything to help the Pack without people yelling at me, and I can’t even give you children. Why would you want me out of everyone you could have?”

               Yifan took his chilly hands in his own palms and kissed the knuckles of his fingers. “Because you’re perfect,” he would always answer this way, trying to ingrain it in the boy’s brain. Junmyeon still didn’t look convinced.

               When it came time for Yifan to leave, the two of them didn’t leave each other’s sides. Junmyeon became even more scared of their relationship falling apart. “You’ll forget all about me,” he whimpered from where he had his nose shoved against Yifan’s chest. “You’ll forget about me and move on and never want to talk to me again.”

               Yifan took his face in his hands and stared at him sternly. “Jun,” he said slowly. “I will never move on from you. I’ve loved you for more than ten years now – I’m not going to let a little distance ruin what I’ve worked so hard at.” Junmyeon sniffed sadly and looked away from him.

               Kissing Junmyeon was the most natural thing in the world at that moment. Seeing the boy of his dreams so sad, so unsure, so scared that they wouldn’t stay together while Yifan was away, made the alpha’s heart ache. He wanted to show him exactly how he was feeling, and the only way was to lean forward and connect their lips.

               Yifan had never kissed another person. But, the way Junmyeon’s lips moved against his, he knew that Junmyeon would be the only boy or girl he would ever want to do it with. The beta’s lips were so soft against his own and Yifan never wanted to let them go. His breath left his entire body when he felt Junmyeon pressing back against him, raising his hands to clutch at the front of his shirt, to keep him there just a bit longer.

               When Yifan was actually meant to leave, there were tears.

               “I’ll visit as often as I can,” he hummed against Junmyeon’s hair as he clutched the smaller to his chest. He stroked over the light dirty blonde locks of his hair in comfort as the other sobbed against his chest. He worried about the beta. He knew that others were leaving him alone because they all knew Yifan would kill them if anyone touched him, but with Yifan leaving, he worried Junmyeon would go back to a life of loneliness and people hating him. He knew Junmyeon feared the same.

               “How long are you going to be gone?” The beta sniffled, looking up at Yifan with tear coated eyes.

               “Only four years,” he sighed. “It’s not as long as most people have to go.” That didn’t seem to help the overflow of Junmyeon’s tears that soaked into his shirt.

               And Yifan did visit as often as possible.

               They always got at least one day off each week to rest, and on those days, when no one was watching, he would morph and speed down to the pack and find his soon-to-be-mate. Their time was short together, but it was one of the few things that kept Yifan going during the harsh days of training.

               “I don’t get why you go back so often,” Chanyeol huffed. The Leader’s son was a cocky asshole. The tall, curly haired boy was definitely one of the strongest ones at the camp, but incredibly lazy. Yifan had discovered early on that the tall boy would much rather be playing in the nearby stream or sunbathing