Hmm, maybe it's both?” Kentarou's breath hitches. Yahaba hums in his ear.

The setter lets his hand slide down Kentarou's side. Shivers immediately take over Kyoutani's body. The feather-light touch sets on a fire in Kyoutani's belly, knowing that there would soon be more, more insisting, more pressing.

Another hand quietly makes its way up Kyoutani's stomach, sliding under his t-shirt. He's still wearing his practice shirt because Yahaba told him they'd shower at his place. They still haven't, and they probably won't before they finish this little game. He doesn't mind. He remembers Yahaba saying once that he kind of likes how he smells after practice. Kyoutani had told him he was gross, back then. Yahaba had replied that he smelled more of “himself” after practice. A strong smell, kind of like a wild animal, he had said. Kyoutani had just raised an eyebrow at that.

But with Yahaba's face buried in the crook of his neck right now, nuzzling the tanned skin, he knows that as much as he finds it weird, Yahaba is enjoying himself a lot and that's all that matters. He can feel Yahaba's boner twitch against his own.

The hand gets his t-shirt under his armpits. The other one is still on his hip, slightly scratching and fondling it. He feels teeth grazing his neck but the bite never comes.

“Hm?” He prompts Yahaba to talk, because bites never not come. Yahaba loves biting him, loves getting Kentarou all squirmy under him just with his bites.

“... I can't decide if I want to fuck you or want you to fuck me more...”

Kentarou snorts. Yahaba gives him a light slap on his right pectoral and pouts.

“I'm fine with either way.”

“You're not helping.”

“I know.” Kentarou’s shit eating grin earns him another slap and a half-hearted glare. Yahaba decides to lean in again, and Kentarou shivers as his breath reaches his ear.

“You know what would help, though?” The sultry voice again. Of course. “If you told me what you want, Kentarou…” Kentarou swallows. He hears Yahaba chuckles against his ear. “So? What do you want?”

It takes a moment to Kentarou to process what Yahaba just asked him, distracted as he is by the weight of the other on him and the way he seems to almost be purring in his ear.

“F-Fuck you.” He hates how his voice betrays him but he can’t help it, not with the way Yahaba is humming against his neck, kissing and sucking at the soft skin there. He knows Yahaba got both messages in those two words. He hears him snort. Yahaba sits up again, looking at him from his place on Kentarou’s hips.

He’s smirking, that little shit, Kentarou thinks. He knows what Yahaba is going to say the moment he opens his mouth. He can’t believe he is dating a nerd like that.

“That’s the plan.”

Kentarou lifts his hips, making Yahaba lose balance. He catches himself right before their faces smash together. Their noses are touching, Kentarou can feel Yahaba’s hot breath against his lips. He tilts his head upwards and close the distance between them. He feels more than he hears, this time, Yahaba hum in the kiss, clearly satisfied. Kentarou’s hands find their way to Yahaba’s waist, lifting up his shirt. They break the kiss so Kentarou can take it off.

“Like what you see?” Yahaba says, sitting up again. He lets his fingers lightly scratch Kentarou’s abs. He’s biting his lip, looking down. Kentarou is pretty sure the same could be asked to him.

“I’d enjoy it more if you shut your mouth, idiot.”

“Aw, c’mon. I know you love my voice, Kentarou.”

Kentarou pinches his side, making him yelp. Yahaba glares at him but he only smirks back. He feels a bit like he has finally won the game somehow.

It seems Yahaba has more than one trick left in his hat, though.

“Hmm. I need your opinion on something, Mr. Smartass.”

“Ah?”

“Yeah...” The way he makes the word trail off make Kyoutani gulp and his cock twitches in anticipation. Yahaba slides his fingers under the waistband of his pants. He pulls them down slowly, too slowly for Kentarou’s taste. But purposely slowly. Yahaba is smirking, when his pants reach the middle of his thighs. Kentarou is gasping when he finds out why.

“What the… fuck.”

“So? What d’you think, Kentarou?” Yahaba’s smirk is predatory and Kentarou feels a shiver go through his whole body.

Kentarou can’t look away from the lace covering Yahaba’s cock. Yahaba is rock hard already and Kentarou can see the head of his cock. The panties