, he moved the seat forward and grabbed the controls.

He was here. Now all he had to do was...defeat a giant snake robot. Alone. Without moving or getting himself killed.

Easy.

Luckily, his lion was responsive, as he had hoped. Seeming to understand her paladin’s discomfort, she pulled herself up slowly and methodically before rocketing off in search of the robeast.

It had crashed only a few miles away, having followed Lance’s trajectory to the surface. It had seemed to take some damage from the fall as well, which was possibly the only benefit to the situation. Unfortunately, it still seemed prepared to continue fighting, as it began uncurling itself and rose to meet Lance.

With all the speed and finesse of an actual snake, the beast lurched forward toward the blue lion, which barely dodged in time. Apparently this thing had some sort of awareness, as it seemed to understand that its blasts wouldn’t work in the rocky environment. Instead, it went for direct physical attacks.

Which was good, because that made it easier for Lance to move around. But that was also bad, because this thing only had one target.

Right. Time to run.

Maneuvering through caves and cliffs and arches wasn’t easy, for Lance or the beast. Rocks crumbled around them, pillars seemed to come out of nowhere, and even tunnels underneath the ground could lead anywhere. To some extent, this stopped being a method of luring the snake into a trap, and more of a race to not get caught. 

First, Lance tried to blast pillars and get them to crush the robot, but it continued to dodge just as it had done out in space. Next, he tried to trick it, using his clear field of vision to help him trick the beast into headbutting a cliff and destroying itself.

Ten minutes later, and the snake still chased, while Lance’s own stamina had dropped drastically. His knee was throbbing, and an uncomfortable feeling of heaviness was the only sensation coming from his lower leg. There was only one other option.

The snake had dodged everything, curved itself around edges with an almost impossible speed, all in order to chase Lance. If this thing had been designed by the Galra, its only purpose was to destroy the paladins. If Lance was what it wanted, Lance would give it that.

A gaping hole in the face of a large hill was directly ahead of the blue lion. The only thing to be seen inside was empty blackness, no exit in sight. If he could lead the beast inside and block the exit, there was no way this thing could dodge anymore. There wouldn’t be anything to dodge.

Lance bulleted straight into the cave, not even attempting to orient himself in the pitch black surrounding him. The snake, as expected, followed him straight in. Looking back for only a moment, the blue lion froze the entrance over to trap them both inside.

There was nothing but darkness. A burning ache that had settled into Lance’s knee long ago had permeated his entire body. If he had to guess, he would say he’s been doing this for about fifteen minutes.

Finally, he stops. The snake doesn’t. Lance lets the energy build in his lion while the snake moves forward. Both of them slowed in the small and dark space, but he still only has about thirty seconds. Hopefully it’s enough.

The walls shake around them and tremors echo through the cave, indicative of the robeast moving around in search of its prey. This cave could cave in if either of them got reckless.

Lance is pretty reckless.

Two things happen at once. A bright flash of blue illuminates the cave in a beam of ice. The snake is fast, and the cave is completely dark, but a blast that big can’t be avoided. 

The other thing that happens is a jet of hot energy blasting from the blue lion, launching Lance through the top of the cave while effectively crumbling it around the beast. As soon as Lance breaks out to the surface, he coats the entire cave in ice as a precautionary. It’s slow and deliberate, and he can feel it eating up his lion’s energy. But like Shiro said, they didn’t want another Balmera situation.

Oh no, he was not playing this game again. This thing was going to be sealed.

The adrenaline of battle and near self-sacrifice faded much quickly than Lance hoped, and he slumped over in his seat, letting his lion gently yet gracelessly fall to the ground. The motion of hitting the surface again jostled him from his seat, eliciting another wave of pain as his leg hit the ground. If he couldn’t see his leg stretched out before him, Lance would have sworn it wasn’t even there.

He flicked the comms back on. “You can come down now,” he wheezed, fighting from succumbing to his exhaustion.

It wasn’t long before the team made its way down to the planet’s surface. Pidge immediately jumped from her lion to