. He yanked Zayn up the stairs into his room and closed the door. 

“What the fuck are you doing?” Zayn shouted, catching himself before he fell to the ground. “You’re not my fucking Dad! You can’t push me around!”

Harry swiped his  belt off in one graceful move. 

Zayn’s eyes widened. 

“What the fuck are you doing?” His voice grew hysterical. “You gonna beat me?”

“Just know that this wasn’t intentional,” Harry replied. “First you ruin Niall’s birthday and now you’re calling your friend a fag? I will not endure your nasty attitude any longer." 

Harry took a firm grip of Zayn’s wrist, lying Zayn across his legs. 

“You stop this now, Harry! I mean it! You don’t have the fucking right to hit me!”

Zayn fought against the curly-haired boys grip but with his legs chained between Harry’s and his hand being held down, Zayn was utterly defenseless to what was about to happen. 

Harry brought Zayn’s jeans to his knees. 

“STOP IT NOT STYLES!” 

WHAACK! Zayn screamed from the top of his lungs. 

“I hate doing this,” Harry said, spanking Zayn with the belt. “But you’ve given me no other choice Zayn. You’ve been bitter and moody all week. No matter how many chances I give you, for you to straighten up your attitude, you have failed. This is nobody’s fault but your own. Understand that. It was you that decided to act like an ass.”

“Please stop, Harry!” Zayn cried. “It hurts! Please don’t hurt me!”

Harry brought his hand up, swiftly bringing the belt back against Zayn’s rear. 

“OW!” Zayn screamed. “Please stop Harry! I swear I won’t be such a dick!”

WHAACK! Zayn felt a stinging pain overwhelm his backside. There was no doubt that there would be bruises tomorrow. Zayn could feel the sharp sting of Harry’s belt come across his skin one last time before Harry released him. 

Zayn’s body fell limp in Harry’s lap. He didn’t move. 

The pain was unbearable but there was a reason why he stayed on top of Styles’s lap. Zayn could feel something poking his stomach and although his ass hurt like hell, he wouldn’t mind taking---that kind of beating. 

Zayn opened his mouth but Harry pushed him off, hurried Zayn out of the door and closed it behind him. 

Caught in a whirlwind of what happened, getting spanked from Harry and feeling his big erection pressed into his stomach, Zayn didn’t know what to think. However, he did know one thing. He needed to straighten out his attitude because he didn’t want to endure another beating from Harry Styles. 

---------------------

None of the boys spoke about what happened that afternoon. Either they didn’t hear Zayn screaming for Harry to stop spanking him or they didn’t want to embarrass Zayn or maybe they just felt uncomfortable with hearing what went down, but Zayn was happy nobody brought it up. His attitude had changed considerably and although he still felt a little sad for not having a party for his eighteenth birthday, Zayn tried his best to suck it up. 

That Saturday, they all decided to head to a club in town to clear their minds from what happened. There was no better cure to forgetting, and also feeling numb(Zayn could still feel the bruises on his backside) then drinking the pain away. The boys were boosted to the VIP section of the club, and a few hours in, they were all drunk and having a good time. 

Zayn sat in the booth by himself as he watched his friends dance on the dance floor. Louis, Niall and Liam all found themselves a girl to dance with but Harry rocked his hips to the music without a partner. This got Zayn thinking. After he downed another shot, he moved to the dance floor, next to Harry and started to grind into his pelvis. 

The music is earsplitting but Zayn can hear Harry’s voice.

“What are you doing, Zayn?” Harry backed away.

Zayn closed in the distance, again, feeling his butt shift into Harry’s lap. There was no doubt that Harry Jr. was getting a little excited. 

Harry’s curls dropped against his forehead. 

“Don’t be so shy,” Zayn said, looking back. “When you were smacking me the other day, I could feel your erection poking into my stomach. You don’t have to be embarrassed Harry. I didn’t take you for a BDSM kind of person but I don’t mind if you’re a little kinky.” 

Zayn grabbed Harry’s chin, looking up into his green eyes. 

“I just wished you had beaten me with your friend down there, instead of your belt.”

Harry pulled away from the contact, looking off into the crowd, embarrassed, then walking away, towards the bar. 

“Suit yourself!” Zayn