cold at all. The pre-skate nerves that had raged within him seemed like a distant memory.

After the ceremony, he skated off the ice, past Yakov who clapped him lightly on the back in acknowledgement, and straight into the arms of his parents.

Victor’s father ruffled his hair. “That’s my son. What a beautiful routine! Look at you, you have so many fans already and you’re only thirteen.”

Victor grinned.

His mother leaned forward and adjusted the lapels of his jacket. Victor had left his jacket unzipped so that he could better show off his medal, but his mother pulled the zipper right up to his neck.“Be careful not to catch a cold now, you’re all sweaty and it’s chilly in here.

A comfortable silence, and then his mother pressed a light kiss to his forehead. “Hold your head high, Victor. You performed so well today.”

In the back of his mind, Victor dimly registered foreign noise. Distant chatter, of a family enjoying their meal, the warm lull of conversation in a full dining room. And above all, an undeniably strong craving for  soup. 

::x::

Yuuri was pulling on his pajamas and ready to get tucked into bed. He was finally feeling like a normal human being. After the flip-flopping of weird nervous energy that he’d been feeling in the past hour, the quiet comfort of his own room was a relieving respite to the emotional turmoil of today. He still wasn’t even sure if all of that had happened, or if he was just dreaming stuff up.

There was a soft knock at the door before it slid open to reveal his mother with a concern written all over her face.

“How are you feeling? Do you want to eat anything?”

Yuuri shrugs. “Soup would be nice.” Truth be told, he was feeling quite nice, but it was also a treat to be fussed over. Maybe he’ll keep up the sick thing for a little bit longer, just until he was  sure that the hot and cold of his emotions weren’t leading up to a fever.

Hiroko smiled. “Soup it is, then. What do you prefer? Chicken soup or miso soup?”

“Borscht.” Yuuri replied.


 What. 


His mother was staring at him.

“I meant miso!” Yuuri cried. “Miso soup! I don’t even- I don’t...our teacher was teaching us about...whatever it is I just said...today I think and it was interesting?”

“Alright,” Yuuri’s mother relents. “Get yourself warm and under the covers. I’ll bring it up on a tray.”

“Thanks, mama.” Yuuri suddenly felt very tired. He was craving beet and cabbages and flavors that he wasn’t all that familiar with. He wasn’t really sure what to make of his own feelings anymore. It was almost as if-

“Yuuri,” Hiroko says, her voice low and careful. “Do you feel weird sometimes?”

“Weird how?” Yuuri let out a little cough for good measure.

Hiroko’s expression softened. “Do you sometimes feel as if you’re two different people feeling different things in one body?”

Yuuri sat up abruptly. “How did you know?”

Hiroko sighed and sat at the edge of his bed. One hand came up to stroke his hair, calming him. Yuuri lay back down slowly, his eyes on his mother’s knowing look.

“I don’t want you to worry about it now,” Hiroko starts. “But there’s this thing called soulmates. Have you heard of it?”

Yuuri has heard of it; he’s seen it talked about in some of the magazines that Mari liked to read, or talked about in some of the manga that he’s reading. Yuuko has chatted about it to him once, something about being in love with someone forever? Yuuri couldn’t wrap his mind around the concept. He wasn’t even sure what it was like to be in love with someone. Maybe it was like...when he really likes Yuu-chan and how she’s always so nice to him?

“I have heard of this soulmate thingy, but I’m not sure what it means.”

“It means two people love each other very much,” Hiroko’s hand stilled. “But sometimes they don’t know each other yet, or they haven’t seen each other.”

Yuuri frowned. “That doesn’t make sense.”

“It doesn’t, but it happens sometimes.”

Yuuri tilts his head, trying to wrap his mind around the concept. “But how can you love someone you don’t even know?”

Hiroko laughs. “The heart works in mysterious ways, Yuuri. When that happens, there might be weird things happening, like feeling weird things or...having emotions that you can’t explain...”

“I’m probably just a little sick, mama.” Yuuri laughed. “Training is hard!”

Hiroko smiled wearily, and for a