family. Sans couldn’t help her those nights. He could only stay with her as she came back to reality over the course of a few hours.

 

Sans still has his lab. He brought up everything from the back room, but no one quite knew what it was for. Even Papyrus didn’t really know much about it, except that it was important to Sans. Frisk has an idea, but they know Sans would never really give them a straight answer no matter how DETERMINED they were. Sans goes in there often, but he comes out same as always most days.

Most.

There are some days where he comes out looking like the entirety of Mt. Ebbott has been placed on his bones. He says nothing, looks at nothing, and glides through the house more like a ghost than a skeleton. The only reminder of his boney nature (besides his looks) are the steady claps of his slippers against non-flesh heels.

There are some days were he doesn’t come out at all, leaving Toriel to come out to the shed and pick up his restlessly slumbering form, carrying him to bed. She warms up ketchup for him, knowing he’ll be down soon. (He always comes.) They never speak during these sessions, but Frisk will often walk down and find the two on the couch with two dirty cups in the sink. They’re curled up together, not strictly romantically, but enough for them to feel the warmth of life nearby.

(Frisk knows about calling for help. They’re just glad their momster and dunkle had someone who came.)

This one's on time though! Still a bit bittersweet.Yes, I use the Dadster headcannon. I sort of enjoy creepy Gaster, and boss monster Gaster is fun, and brother Gaster is cool, but Dadster is what I like best, so Dadster headcannon it is, along with Sans's attempts of reviving him. No, he hasn't told anyone. How are you supposed to prove someone exists when the only thing that remains are half forgotten memories of dreams?


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Where the heck was his slipper?

Sans knew that he wasn’t really the neatest person (or a tidy person at all, really), but those slippers are practically glued to his phalanges. How could he be missing one?

More importantly, where was it?

Sans mumbled as he searched, saying annoyed nothings as he hunted down his missing slipper. He checked the usual spots- under the bed, the shoebin, Frisk (the child would occasionally steal them and have a puppet show that Sans would join in on), and finally the living room couch in Toriel’s part of the split house.

He didn’t find his slipper, but he did find Toriel. She looked a little sheepish, which made Sans confused. Why would she feel that way over a missing slipper?

“I… err… I saw it the other day. It was very worn down, and since I had some extra funds…” Toriel trailed off. Instead of finishing, she leaned down and grabbed a maroon box and handed it to Sans. He took it automatically, still staring at Toriel. She looked decidedly uncomfortable.

“I just thought that perhaps… perhaps you would enjoy a gift. When was the last time you received a gift from someone other than Papyrus?”

Sans didn’t know what to say. The only other person who gave him presents other than his brother was Gaster, and he was the only one who remembered him. Toriel seemed to understand his speechlessness, but he could see a bit of anxiety in her eyes. Knowing about this, he chose to open the box.

Inside was a pair of new loafer slippers. They were higher quality than his old ones- they had solid bottoms and were more like moccasins than slippers. He put them on, first the right (which had no slipper, since that was the one he was missing) and then the left, removing the other pink slipper.

Toriel had accustomed his peculiar taste in colors and footwear, (somehow) getting dark blue slippers for him.

“Thanks, Tori,” he said casually, but Toriel could sense the sincerity behind the words.

“You’re quite welcome, Sans,” she replied. She opened her arms and Sans complied, letting her hug him and hugging her back.

Ha! On time! Just barely, but on time!I thought about doing a "lost souls find each other" kind of deal, but I've already done my thoughts on Toriel and Sans and meeting through the/a door. Tomorrow's and Saturday's should be on time, considering I only have to write Saturday's!

You’ll probably want to check out Friisans on tumblr- there’s two i’s in that, by the way- otherwise, you’ll end up really confused while you’re reading this. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

He hummed. Constantly.