-x-


It was in the evening when Cas called Dean. Dean was in the train to home, and he picked up the phone expecting his husband to ask him how much longer it would take him to reach home. (Cas always reached earlier). What Cas said shocked him.

"Dean, our house is gone."

Dean had involuntarily let out a laugh at the sentence. But then Cas had said, "Check the news" and Dean had done so.

To find that the third house on Maple Street had burned down. Theirs was the third house.

Dean had all but run out of the train when it had stopped, and had frantically called his husband.  Castiel had been kind enough to keep talking to him on the phone.

When Dean arrived, he couldn't believe his eyes at first. Their house... It was just a charred black piece of land with some partially burnt pieces of wood.

Castiel was standing a few feet away by one of the ambulances, swaddled in a blanket, and Dean walked over to his husband.

Castiel coughed a bit, and said, "The smoke was very heavy," and held up their photo album, black at the edges, "I went in to get this."

Dean wanted to smile at him, hug him, hold him, kiss him, he really did, but... This wouldn't have happened if... Oh fuck...

If Castiel hadn't left the stove open!

Without saying anything, he turned on his feet and walked away.

"Dean!" he heard Castiel call out, but he paid no mind.


-x-


It was probably 2 AM of the next day when Dean wandered back to the street. He knew that abandoning everything and drinking was a dick move, but he felt that it was justified.

As he stumbled to where Castiel was standing, staring morosely up at the sky, he leaned heavily against his husband and looped a hand across his shoulders. He wasn't that drunk, but he wanted to be happy and his slightly-more-than-necessary-drunk brain thought that being touchy-feely would be a perfect way to be happy.

"Ca'," he slurred, tipping his head back briefly to feel the wind against his face, before scrunching his features up because it was humid.

"Dean," Castiel replied, and Dean moved closer to him. 

When there was little to no space left between them, Dean breathed into Castiel's ear,

"It was Kate."

Castiel froze.

Dean moved back again, and stared at the blue eyed man, before speaking, "And... your nephew said that..." Dean briefly wondered why he was talking about Hael's son, but then he thought, nah, everything's cool. Why can't I talk about the kid?

"Yes, Dean, what did he say?" Castiel prompted, seemingly gentle, but with such intensity that Dean was blown away for a moment.

"He said that he's in their town hospital and that Talia's dead."

Castiel stared at him for a moment, before saying, "Dean, you're drunk and you’re confusing me with Peter Hale."

Dean shot him a dreamy smile, and the next thing he knew was Castiel pinning him to the wall and devouring his mouth, pulling punched out gasps from him.

Castiel pulled back, and the haze over Dean's eyes made him look absolutely stunning (not that he wasn't already), with orange and black light surrounding him, making him look every bit of the warrior of Heaven that he was named after.

"Cas," Dean whimpered, and Castiel smirked.

"What do you want, Dean? Tell me."

And Dean groaned out, "You, I want you."

"Then me you shall have," said Castiel, pulled him away from the wall, "Come on."

And Dean complied hastily, stumbling in his excitement as he followed his husband to the clearing close to their street.

There was a woods-like area behind their house, and the clearing was on the other side.

In the woods, Castiel slammed him up against a surface again, and this time, it was a tree.

Dean groaned a bit from pain as his back protested at the rough treatment, “Dammit, Cas, you trying to put me in a stretcher before my time?”

“Dean,” Castiel said, looking at him intensely, “You know what time it is for? Time for you to shut up.”

“Gladly.”

And they both continued to snog like teenagers.

Eventually, they had lost their clothes and had rolled to the ground, grass sticking to them. They didn’t mind.

As Castiel thrust slowly inside his husband, rolling his hips into the pliant body under him, he said, “Dean, about our house—”

Dean huffed out a laugh that was followed by a moan, “God, Cas, honestly, you’re asking me this now?”

“Why not?”

Dean looked at him over his shoulder, sweat dripping from his hair which was sticking to his face, “