.

       2. Ryouko Fueguchi's death.

If I wasn't a coward, if I wasn't a wimp. Maybe she wouldv'e still be alive today. Then maybe Hinami wouldn't have gone through the pain that she did when she almost saw her mom die. That's one thing that I could never forgive myself for. 

       3. Leaving Anteiku

This will be the only time that I will admit it, I regret leaving Anteiku. If I stayed it wouldn't have burned to the ground. Touka wouldn't be depressed, Himami wouldn't be in tears. I wouldn't have hurt Hide.

       4. Hide.

My human, he's my light in my dark world. I regret leaving him, I'll never regret loving him. I still love him after all. I don't think I'll ever stop.

Birds chripped as I started regaining my sences. I was in a room, did I get kidnapped? I shouldn't have black out like that. That wasn't a good idea. I sat up in the bed and looked at my wrapped injuries. Someone helped me? The door opened and figure steped in the room closing the door behind them. It was still fairly dark so I couldn't see well.

"Long time no see." They spoke.

Hide?



"Said that we're not lovers, we're just strangers. With the same damn hunger." 

 

"Hide?" I asked in shock.

Hide smiled gently at me, "Hey Kaneki. How's it going?" He greeted.

I quickly placed my hand over my eyes, "Um, it i-isn't what i-it looks like! Its j-just, uh." I stuttered.

The blond sat down on the bed, "It's okay. I already knew." He spoke softly.

"What?"

"I was waiting until you would tell me but, I guess you just didn't trust me enough." Hide said  with a pained expression.

"N-no! It's not like that! I though you would hate me and-and," I tried explaining.

"And what? I didn't care, I still don't care! Kaneki we couldv'e made it work! When you left it broke me."Hide said raising his voice. I stayed quiet, why didn't I ever notice this? I'm just causing Hide more pain. 

"Why didn't you ever say something?" I asked him.

"Because I thought we had more trust then this." Hide said. "I have to go to work, stay here and don't leave." He said.

"But-!" I tried protesting.

"Kaneki! Just please do this?" Hide begged. I slowly nodded my head. "Good, I'll see you later then." I watch as he left once again. We still had more to say to one another, lots of questions.



Are we still in love?





"To be touched, to be loved, to feel anything at all. We're not lovers, we're just strangers."

 

I tend to think about the past a lot when I'm alone. I laid back down on the bed and got comfortable. It's a nice feeling, haven't felt relaxed in a while. But I shouldn't get too comfortable. I'm still not sure what Hide is after.

I'm stuck in the past, thinking, reciting, questioning. It's like chains holding me down and forcing me to watch all of my mistakes. Everything I've ever done, it's painful really.

With Hide, it's not. I forget about all my worries, all of my problems. Hide's like a drug I take for granted. He is what I'm living for. I'm fighting for him, everything I've ever done was for him.

I joined Anteiku so I wouldn't hurt Hide. I left and helped Aogiri Tree so I can become stronger to protect him. 

I'm so sure I still love him. And I do, I am in love with Hide. But without knowing it, I hurt him. He shouldn't forgive me. He should've just turned me in. I was so blind to it all. 

Without noticing I dozed off. And hours later I woke up to a door unlocking. My bolted up in the bed and listened as the footsteps came closer.

The door swung opened and a surprised looking Hide stared at me. 

"Your still here?"

 



"With the same damn hunger. To be touched, to be loved, to feel anything at all."

 

"Did you want me to leave?" I asked in a soft voice.

Hide shooked his head and sat down on the edge of the bed. "I don't ever want you to leave again. It's just, the last time I left you alone. You left and