get us back to Fitton. Here you go, put it on and - slightly to my regret - we'll get on with our day."

Martin took the shirt from him and then hesitated. Douglas twisted away from her in his chair. "Eyes screwed tightly shut, I promise. If I go out, then we'll have to deal with an apologetic Arthur which is probably even more stressful than just getting on with it."

"True. Okay."

Douglas did indeed keep his eyes firmly shut, although that didn't stop his imagination putting pictures to the soft rustles he could hear, her slim fingers undoing the buttons, the wet fabric peeling away from her skin...

"Douglas?" Martin asked hesitantly.

"Yes?"

"Do you really notice when I don't-- you know-- when I don't wear a bra?"

Douglas hesitated. Was it better to respect the sexual neutrally of their working relationship or to bolster her clearly fragile self confidence? What the hell, the riskier but more interesting choice had always been his preference in life. "Oh yes, not that I'm saying that it's blatant. If anything, those shirts you wear are frustratingly oversized. I have to watch rather carefully. And I do. The rare days when you don't wear a bra are always a delight for me. Today, that trip to Paris last month, when we went to Venice in March. I wish you'd do it more often."

"It's not that I really need to," said Martin hesitantly. "Just that they're-- umm-- sensitive. Not wearing one is-- distracting."

Douglas pressed the side of his head against his chair and counted backwards from ten in an effort to keep his voice neutral. "That is an advantage of small tits in my experience. They tend to be more-- responsive." Just how responsive? he wondered. To his touch, his breath, his tongue....

"Martin," he blurted out. "For the love of God, can you please get on with it. I'm a man of the world, but honestly-- sitting here with my eyes closed discussing how sensitive your breasts are, while knowing you are topless just a foot away from me is not doing anything for my composure. I'd never to anything do make you uncomfortable in your work environment, but right now this whole thing is making me uncomfortable in the trouser region, if you get my meaning."

"Oh. Um. Sorry, sorry..." There were a few moments of frantic rustling and then another long pause. "Okay, you can look now."

Douglas turned round. "What took you so lo-- Oh my lord!" Martin was sitting rigidly upright on the edge of her seat, her fists clenched in her lap, his white shirt hanging open off her narrow shoulders, framing a trim stomach and above it two tiny pert breasts, small rosy nipples crinkled into tight nubs and pale skin flushed with embarrassment.

"Do you really think they're attractive?" she asked, with that heart-breaking combination of defiance and insecurity that was so peculiarly her.

Douglas hesitated. He could see a dozen ways in which this moment could crumble into embarrassed humiliation, and one or two in which it might end very nicely for both of them. He glanced quickly at the door, just to confirm that he had locked it behind Arthur, and then he slid down onto the floor, on his knees. Looking up into her tensely drawn face, he said softly, "if you'll let me, I'll show you just how attractive I think they are." 

The long silence was rapidly sliding into acute discomfort, with Douglas beginning to wonder if there was any graceful way to back out of this, when it seemed to finally dawn on Martin that nothing further was going to happen unless she actually said yes.

"Okay." It was whispered so softly he could barely hear it, but along with the accompanying shaky nod, he decided it would do. He gently pushed her knees open and shuffled into the vee of her thighs, letting his hands run up the outside of her legs and settle on her hips, just below her waistband.

He took a moment to admire the milky skin, but Martin quickly tensed up even further under his scrutiny. "I'm sorry.... they're not...."

"Shhh," he told her, "close your eyes. Let me explore for a minute." He ran hands up the sides of her waist, noting how her breath hitched and she squirmed under his touch. Ticklish... What he wouldn't have given for a big mattress that he could bounce her onto and ruthlessly tickle her flanks until she was breathless with laughter and all the awful tension had drained away. Another time... if he was lucky.

He let his hands settle on the sides of her ribcage, feeling the rapid rhythm of her breathing, letting his thumbs cup the bottom of her sweet breasts. For a moment he closed his own eyes and tried to work out where he wanted to go from here.