left he went into his office and pulled out some art supplies. He wanted to see if he really could paint the way his illustrations had depicted. He didn't have anything in mind. He just took out a sketchbook and a pencil and begin to draw. He added some color to the picture when he was done and shading for dimensions. When he was done he looked at his picture. He was certain he had drawn him and Dean. Dean had his face cupped in his hand and they were kissing on the love seat in the library. A game of chess forgotten on the side table. Cas was impressed with his work. he decided to take the picture with him and give it to Dean. Cas went to wash up and get ready for his date. 

                                                              

At 6:00 He called Gabe, frantic. "What do I wear on a date??"

Gabe laughed "Easy kid. What's the problem?"

Cas shouted into the speaker phone while he was pulling clothes out of his closet "I'm going on a date with Dean. I have no idea what to wear."

"Okay. This is not a crisis Cassie. Where is he taking you?"

Cas growled "I don't know! It's apparently a fucking surprise."

Gabe laughed again "Okay. Calm down. Deep breaths, don't hyperventilate. Wear a shirt that matches your eyes. He loves your eyes."

Cas yanked a blue button up off the hanger "Okay. Then what?"

"You don't wanna be too stuffy. So go with a nice pair of jeans. This is gonna seem weird but look at your ass in the mirror. If the jeans make it look round instead of flat, its a good pair of jeans."

Cas grabbed three pair's of jeans with legs wide enough to fit over his cast out of his closet "That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard Gabe"

"Cassie, trust me on this. I know what guys like. In case you forgot, I happen to be one"

Cas sighed and pulled on the second pair of jeans. The first pair didn't make his ass look "round" enough. The jeans he had on looked good. They were a little tight but he guessed that was probably good. "Okay. what shoes do I wear?"

Gabe laughed "How should I know. I'm a dude. No one cares about what shoes you're wearing"

Cas yelled "Gabe! He's a gay male, he is going to care what shoes I'm wearing!"

"Naw. That's just a stereotype. Dean's not like that. Just wear your black boots."

Cas thanked Gabe and hung up. He put the button up on and liked the softness against his skin. He figured it was some kind of silk. He grabbed his black boots, the one's similar to Dean's and put the right one on. He couldn't wear both because his leg was in a cast. He was beginning to hate that damn thing. 

 ***

Dean showed up promptly at Seven. He knocked on the door. When Cas opened it, Dean handed him a gift bag. Cas thanked him and invited Dean in (which he thought was laughable, but it seemed important to Dean to play along) Cas opened the bag, inside was a leather bound photo album and a digital camera. Cas looked up at Dean a question in his eyes. Dean said "Those are so you can take pictures and put them in that album. Pictures that you remember taking." 

Cas smiled "Thank you, Dean. That's very sweet."

He set the bag on the table by the front door but grabbed the camera. Might as well start tonight. He raised the camera up and snapped a picture of Dean smiling. Definitely a picture he wanted to save. They got out to the car and Cas took a picture of the car too. It really was a beautiful car. On the drive, Cas asked Dean where they were going. Dean just smiled and said he would see soon enough.

They pulled up to a place called The Beehive. Cas liked the look of it. As they went in, the area they entered looked empty and some waiter's were removing tables leaving a large section of the floor opened. A man came up and shook Dean's hand. Dean introduced Cas to him and said he was the owner. Dean had apparently designed his daughter's princess castle bed and her favorite storybook was The life of the HoneyBee. Cas agreed to sign his copy for his daughter. When he left Dean smiled. He told Cas "We had our first date here. Tonight, we have our second 'First Date'."





Cas smiled. He loved the rustic feel of the place. They sat down and the waiter came out and filled their water glasses and gave them menus. Dean ordered an appetizer of BEEHIVE WEDGE SALAD with SUGAR SNAP PEAS, FRIED ONION, and BLUE CHEESE VINAIGRETTE DRESSING. He also ordered a bottle of wine from the year