because I’m not Force sensitive doesn’t mean i can’t be a knight!”

“Why not join the Republic and be a pilot like me?” Here the dashing young pilot set down his knife and grinned. Finn burst out laughing, nearly tumbling off his stool before righting himself once more.

“Pilots have to go on missions all the time,” he reasoned, still giggling as Poe gave an exaggerated frown.

“So do the Jedi,” he countered, picking up his knife once more and going back to chopping, “Probably even more so than a pilot.”

The small human looked conflicted, brow furrowed and thick bottom lip caught between his teeth. Poe let him think in peace.

“If I’m a pilot and you’re a pilot we’d never get to see each other and I’d hate that,” he said at last with a deciding nod of his head. Poe smiled, genuinely touched at his young friend’s devotion and adoration. 

“I’d hate it too, buddy,” he conceded, nodding his agreement, “But hey you never know, maybe we get put in the same squadron.”

“That’d be awesome!”

The boy’s happy exclamation was punctuated by the sound of a shrill alarm. The two Yavinians jumped as the alert light on the far wall began to flash red, other lights going dark as if it needed to be accentuated even more. Finn was off his stool and at Poe’s side in an instant, tiny fingers digging into his guardian’s forearm. The alarm could be heard echoing all throughout the base, in every home and on every corner. The whole post had been bathed in red light.

“What’s going on?” Finneen yelled over the sound of the harsh whine, the din of voices already rising from outside.

“The pilot’s are coming back,” Poe provided, mind lost in panic because the alarm meant more than that. 

It meant the pilots were coming back, but there had been trouble with the mission. It meant the pilots were coming back, but there may be danger right on their tails. It meant the pilots were coming back, but some of them may not be coming back. Unfortunately all Finn needed to know was that his mom was approaching. With a joyful whoop he rushed for the door, throwing it open and running out into the dark completely ignoring Poe’s cries to wait. The youngest Dameron chased the youngest Boyega out of his house and managed to catch a glimpse of him disappearing into the treeline headed towards the landing pad.

“Finn, stop!”

It was useless as Finn continued to sprint forward, his tinier body ducking and jumping obstacles quicker than Poe’s taller frame was able. The boy was in sight but never in reach and Poe could hear others around them also rushing through the brush to see what the situation was. He kept repeating to himself mentally to stay calm; to get Finn to safety and then gather his squadron as quickly as possible and join the fight. And as the sound of approaching X-Wings and TIE fighters reached his ears he realized it really was going to be a fight. He reached the treeline, mere yards behind Finneen. The sky looked like it was on fire

“MOM!”

Leyata Boyega’s blue fighter was in the air and then suddenly it was up in flames. The TIE fighter that had shot her down zoomed right over their heads with terrible wail. Poe ran forward and snatched Finn to his chest, turning them away and shielding the youth with his body as Leyata’s ship crashed to the ground, debris and flames flying everywhere. Poe felt the heat on his back and knew the kind woman was dead as he clutched her son to him. When he turned back the smoke was so thick it made his eyes water and he was barely able to see as another group of TIE fighters flew overhead and destroyed their grounded fleet. His own X-Wing was now gone.

“Force help us.”

“THE STORMTROOPERS ARE COMING!”

He turned at the shrill scream of a woman just in time to see her gunned down by a stormtrooper as he emerged from the trees. In the chaos, the majority of Yavin 4’s citizens had fled to the landing strip and now as the First Order descended upon them they were trapped. Everywhere he turned Poe saw people he knew fleeing for their lives only to be caught up by men in helmets and forced back. He picked Finn up under his arm, determined to see him to safety and made a run for it. The young boy was sobbing.

He didn’t get very far up the strip before another squadron of troopers appeared before him, blasters raised. He dropped Finneen behind him, again using his own body as a shield. Others had had his same idea and as they met the wall of resistance threw their arms up in surrender, some even falling to their knees, outgunned, outmanned, outnumbered, and out-planned. The First Order had plotted this attack and struck when they least expected it. Poe only had a moment to wonder where