will no longer yield you
If they cannot love
But one monster alone
See, my power is rising
I have come to claim all that you have 

And all will know the wonder
Of my dark and evil soul
When all the world is wrapped
In a nightmare
So say goodbye to this
The final feeling of happiness
Tomorrow dawns in darkness
The nightmare has begun!! 

He laughed as he attacked the town. He woulndt hold back anymore. This is the new him. 

Dream came out his eyes widening. "Night, what are you doing?" he asked 

"Night is no more. Nightmare is here" he laughed as try e two brothers fought for the fate of Dreamtale.

Dream was on his knees and struggled to get up.  "Brother stop this!!"he yelled tear falling down his face .

"Stop calling me that !!! I will stop that once and for all !!"Nightmare screamed .

His eyes widened as Nightmare took his brother soul and destroyed it . Taking the host of the body before it dusted . 

He gasped as more tears fell . The scream drowned out as he watched Nightmare Leave .

Dreamtale of it former glory was no more . The only one was left was Dream . The prince of Goodness .

Dream sat next to the stump of what used to be the tree . He held his knees close as the sun started to rise again . He took a deep breathe as he looked at it . A soft melody escaping him 

(Lullaby for a Princess is what this song is based off of)Fate has been cruel and order unkind How could i have hurt you this way? The blame was my own; the punishment, yours The monsters are silent today 

But into the stillness I'll sing you a songAnd I will regret my choicesTill my tired eyes and my lullabies Have carried me softly to sleep 

Once did a monster who shone of goodLook out on his home and sigh He smiled and said, "Surely, there is no monster So good and so well loved as I" 

So great was his soul and so brilliant hi glory That long was the shadow he cast Which fell dark upon the twin brother he loved And grew only darker as days and nights passed

Lullay Nightmare , think what you done And the mistakes that I made Bear up my crys , through the worldThrough cloud, and through sky, and through space 

Carry the darkness and the regret I feel And carry my sorrow in kind Night, you were  loved so much more than you knewForgive me for being so blind 

Soon did that monster  take notice that others Did not give his brother his due And neither had he loved him as he  deserved He watched as his brothers  unhappiness grew 

But such is the way of the apple, it sweetly Takes hold of the mind of its host And that foolish monster let his brother die The one who he never loved in life 

Lullay Nightmare, think what you done And the mistakes I have made Bear up my crys, through the world Through cloud, and through sky, and through space 

Carry the darkness and the regret that I feelAnd carry my sorrow in kind Night, you were loved so much more than you knewMay you finally rest in piece And forgive me for being so blind 

The years now before meFearful and unknown I never imagined I'd face them on my own 

May these thousand winters Swiftly pass, I pray I love you; I miss you All these miles away 

May all my dreams be sweet tonight Safe upon my memory And know not of sadness, pain, or care And when I dream, I'll fly away and see you Sleep...

Dream felt his tears run down his face as he slowly fell asleep . The dreams of him and his brothers playing with each other . He just wanted his brother back .  He never meant to forget him . He never meant for this to happen . He wished he could change the past .

But he must move on. He never noticed the story that laid next to him . The brother watching him . Night was there always there for his brother .

Night watched his brother sleep . He was a trapped soul inside a dark world . He never meant for this to happen . He just wanted attention .

He got it . By killing all the ones who they protect . He couldn't even protect Dream . They were twins born by the tree . The tree is what kept them together and what tore them apart .

He wished it could all change......

 

(Play Lullaby’s for a Princess:Luna reply)

How my deeds pain me as time stretches long
How could you have made this way?
So rest easy now, my punishment's mine
The weight of your crimes are my own

But into that stillness I heard your song
With your voice I still feel  alive
Rest easy now, I am by your side
In exile you pay for your mistake 

Once did a monster who gleamed of darkness
Look out on his home and sigh
Dejected he cried, "Surely there is no monster
"Who loves me, or finds any good inside me ."

So great was is pain, he rose in rebellion
The jealousy got to him
He let the Nightmare take over his body
And he gripped in permanently cold 

Lullay, dear dream,