?”

     They laugh at her, and then Nikita lifts her up and hugs her close. “Be safe, baby,” she says, which is what she always says before they go away.

     “I know,” Hope tells her, and then Nikita puts her down and Hope goes to wait with Birkoff.

 

     Birkoff is the one who tells her stories about the past.

     “Michael cried when you were born,” he says once.

     “Why did he cry? Was he sad?”

     “A little bit,” Birkoff admits.

     “Because of my sister who died?”

     “I think so. But also because he was so happy to meet you.”

     “What else happened?”

     Birkoff thinks about it. “Well, your mom was in the room, and she said it hurt, but she’s a tough cookie, you know? And she didn’t want any drugs to hurt you. Your dad was in there with her, and Alex was too, to hold Nikita’s hand or something, I guess.”

     “And then I got born?”

     “Well, yeah. I heard you screaming, so I knew that you were tough just like Nikki. Alex came out and told me I could come in and meet you, that you were very cute.”

     “Did you hold me?”

     Birkoff looks amused. “No one could hold you at first! Nikita wouldn’t let you go for about an hour. She just held you and stared at you. Eventually Michael persuaded her to give you to him, and then he held you.”

     “And cried,” Hope laughs. “Then Alex held me.”

     “Right,” Birkoff agrees. “And then Owen turned up and gave us a mission.”

     “So what happened?”

     “They all went on a mission and left me alone with you!” Birkoff exclaims. “I didn’t know what to do.”

     “Did you feed me?”

     “No, stupid, I didn’t have anything to feed you with.”

     “Did I cry?”

     “The whole freaking time.”

     “So then Nikita came home.”

      “Yeah, she did. She made them finish the mission fast and she came right back to you, and she walked in, and you were screaming your head off, like you’d been doing the whole time. Nikita went over to you and she picked you up and you just went quiet, suddenly, just like that.”

     “Because she’s my mommy,” Hope says proudly.

 

    There are things which scare Hope, nightmares and thoughts which wake her up and send her scurrying down the hallway from her bedroom to her parents’ bedroom. She pushes open the door and says, “Mommy,” with tears streaming down her cheeks. It’s the only time she calls Nikita that.

     Nikita lifts up the covers and says, “Come here, baby.”

     Hope scrambles into bed next to her and curls up tightly right against Nikita. She puts her head on Nikita’s chest.

     “Can you hear my heart?” Nikita asks.

     “Uh huh,” Hope nods.

     “That’s the first sound you ever heard,” Nikita tells her.

     “Just me,” Hope breathes. She listens for a long time, and then Michael rolls over onto his side.

     “What happened?”

     “Bad dream.”

     “It’s gone now,” Nikita promises, stroking Hope’s hair. “No one can hurt you when we’re here.”

     “What if one day you’re not here?”

     There’s a pause, and Hope’s parents look at each other. “There will always be someone to take care of you,” Michael says at last. “Even if it can’t always be us.”

    

     There are things which scare adults, too. Hope knows because she hears Alex screaming, once, in the middle of the night, and she creeps down the hallway to peer into Alex’s room.

     “Alex?” she whispers, but Alex has her eyes closed and she’s thrashing in the bed and screaming, screaming.

     Nikita comes charging down the hallway. She stops when she sees Hope, and crouches down to say, “Stay out here, Hope.”

     “Okay,” Hope nods, but she watches from the door when Nikita runs into the room and grabs Alex’s arms, holding her still. Alex screams louder, and tries to fight.

     “Alex,” Nikita says. “Alex, it’s Nikita. Alexandra. You’re safe, calm down. Wake up, Alex.”

     It takes a little while for Alex to open her eyes and then she gasps and sucks in air like she’s choking. Nikita pulls Alex close and holds her like she holds Hope sometimes, and she strokes Alex’s back and her hair. “It’s okay,” she soothes. “You’re okay.”

     “I’m sorry,” Alex says after a minute, but she has her arms wrapped tightly around Nikita and she doesn’t look like she wants to let go. “Did I scream?”

     “Everyone here has nightmares, Alex,” Nikita reminds her