to the intimacy he shares with his current girlfriend? Speaking of the blonde haired northern girl, Zayn remembers the promise he made to her over the phone. He was going to make it up to her tonight for having to all go out, he suddenly doesn’t feel like that anymore. He’d much rather be with Liam.  

Zayn follows Liam and the others out to the van, on the short journey to Nando’s Zayn doesn’t let his gaze fall from the Wolverhampton lad, he’s trying to read his expression. He looks pained almost;  Zayn lets his gaze slip down to Liam’s lower region which is still painfully tight. Zayn imagines himself sitting atop Liam’s thighs, whispering seductive things in his ear while Liam lets his hands travel over his body. Zayn quickly puts a halt to his imagination; he doesn’t need to get himself into the same situation that Liam is in. He averts his eyes out onto the streets that are passing by out of the window and tries not to think of Liam anymore.  

When the car pulls up outside of Nando’s the boys pile out and  enter the Mexican restaurant and are quickly taken to the far end  so they aren’t recognized. The girls, Jessy, Leigh-Anne, Jade and Perrie are already seated and chatting amongst themselves. When they notice the boys they all stand – not Jade because of her injury – to greet them. Liam takes a seat in between Jessy and Jade and Zayn takes a seat next to his girlfriend, yet he doesn’t take his eyes of the sandy haired male who is whispering into Jade’s ear.  

“Thanks for doing this Jade. It means a lot to me” Liam says,  giving a Jade a genuine smile.  

“It’s not a problem honestly, anything to wipe that smug smile  from Perrie’s face. You do realize I had dibs on Zayn right?”  

“No way?” Liam says, he looks over towards Perrie and Zayn, the  bleach blonde haired girl has her hands all over a very uninterested  looking Zayn.  

“Yep, I told her girls he was mine from the moment we met you  guys. But then, he started chasing Perrie so I backed off a little  bit, she told me she didn’t want anything to do with him and that I should have a go, the next week, she was pictured sucking his face off” Jade’s face looked positively pissed off as she also saw the way Perrie was laughing loudly and clawing at her boyfriend.  

“Well then, it’s time to get her back once and for all, isn’t it?  Anyway, how’s the foot?” Liam asked, genuinely concerned for  the small red headed girls welfare.  

“Oh you know, I’m getting by. Jessy’s really helpful. The doctor  said I should be good to walk on it within a few weeks, which is  good because I need to rehearse”    

Zayn continues to watch Liam and the redhead in deep conversation as his girlfriend lets her hands travel up and down his leg in order to somehow arouse him, but receives no reaction. It’s her, Zayn thinks. The red head Jade, is obviously the one Liam was getting all excited about earlier. What other reason would he have for  Liam practically jumping into the seat next to her? This infuriates him, how can he push him away, for Perrie’s best friend? He’s  turning Zayn, the boy Liam’s always noted as ‘fuckably hot’, down  for a small northern red headed girl?  

This will simply not do, Zayn is going to get Liam back and he  doesn’t care who he hurts in the process.

so, another chapter bc i remembered to update! hopefully i can get this up to date in a few days, then maybe start getting fresh chapters out! i'm also working on something very gritty and dark, so keep your eyes peeled for that! comments are always appreciated! --Georgia xx.

Throughout the meal, Zayn doesn’t acknowledge Perrie that much; he’s too busy focusing on Liam and Jade. He can see them getting closer, and the blood courses through his veins . He quickly excuses himself from the table and makes his way to the washrooms. He checks under each cubicle and once he knows it’s clear he breaks down. The tears flow easily from his eyes and the sobs rack through his body, causing him to shake violently.  

Why has Liam done this? Can’t he see? Zayn slides down the wall and pulls his knees into his chest and hugs them. He thinks back to an hour ago, when he was in despair, Liam had just called it quits and he didn’t know how he was going to cope without Liam’s seldom touch. Liam was always the one to bring that joy into his life, because before One Direction his life consisted of only bedding eager girls from his year, smoking and keeping up his gangs’ reputation.  

When he was fourteen he moved schools, truth be told, the