of Albus’ laugh behind her.

Scorpius remembers several moments he had with James and Albus.

I remember the first time I met Albus Severus Potter.  It was really a cliché, but his cabin on the train was the only one with an available seat.  The black haired boy looked really lonely, sitting by himself.  We didn’t say anything to each other the entire train ride.

	I remember the second time I met Albus.  We had both been sorted into Slytherin, and our beds were next to each other.  He hadn’t talked to anyone while at the welcoming feast, and he was curled up on his bed when I came in.  We didn’t say anything to each other then either.

	I remember the first time I spoke to the younger Potter Prince.  It was during the welcome back feast in January of our second year.  He had simply wished me a happy birthday, and I had thanked him.  It was apparently the first time anyone had heard him speak.  He was silent the rest of the school year.

	I remember the first time I knew that I was bisexual.  It was in October of my third year.  Albus’ older brother James, who was in his fifth year, gave me a huge grin and winked at me.  My dick immediately responded.  I mean, if I’m going to be start being attracted to guys, James is a good guy to be attracted to.

	I remember the first time I had sex.  It was February of my third year.  James and his girlfriend at the time, Macy Parkinson, invited me for a threesome.  I have no idea why they asked, but I was fourteen and eager, so I jumped at the opportunity.  That arrangement continued for a month before Macy’s mother took her out of Hogwarts.  Then it was just James and I.  We weren’t boyfriends, just friends with benefits.  And we were (and still are!) friends.  Those nights were some of the best of my life.

	I remember the first time I saw Albus naked.  It was November of my fourth year.  I had gone to the abandoned third floor classroom that James and I used for some privacy, and instead of the just one Potter Prince, I got both.  And by both, I mean Albus giving his brother a blowjob.  And it was then that Albus had replaced Macy.  James and I were still the only known bisexuals in the school.  With only about 300 students attending the school, I know there are probably more than just James and I, but that wasn’t something that I really care about.  At the time I didn’t know how Albus swung, but I know that he had apparently been sucking James’ dick a lot, because I don’t think I ever felt as good as when he had his mouth around mine.

	I remember James getting a new girlfriend, Ziyi Chang.  It was during September of my fifth year.  She didn’t like the fact that her boyfriend was bisexual as much as Macy had.  So that semester, it was just Albus and I.  We didn’t speak to each other the entire time.  I came to appreciate him being a man of few words.  We both knew that the other was just a substitute for James.

	I remember when James came back.  It was the end of January of my fifth year.  Ziyi was gone.  It wasn’t long before Albus left.  There was no goodbye.  That was the last time I saw him for a very, very long time.  We were just replacements.

	I’m twenty-five now, and for the first time since school, Albus and I have seen each other.  We both stayed silent in remembrance of what we might have had.

Scorpius and Albus go time traveling!

It was an easy potion to make, really.  Most people had already finished theirs, walking out of the classroom after giving Slughorn a sample.  It took them all of half an hour to make.  Scorpius himself did it in twenty minutes; but he should have known that one Albus Severus Potter wouldn’t have been able to brew the simple potion by fifth year without something happening.  Scorpius didn’t even know why he agreed to help the aging Slughorn clean up after class when he was suppose to know that Potter’s potion was going to mess everything up. 

	Of course, it was only when Slughorn had stepped out of the room to do something that Potter screwed everything up.  Why the liquid potion exploded only after the cauldron evaporated away is something Scorpius doubts he’ll ever know.  In any case, the explosion sent both boys flying and Scorpius hit the wall hard.

ZZz

	Is that snow? Scorpius thought.  He felt the wetness of snow falling onto his cold face before he opened his eyes.  All he knew was he was in pain, it was snowing (It’s only September!  And he was indoors!), and that he was going to curse Albus Potter for causing this!  Scorpius didn’t understand it!  The Potter boy was the only Slytherin Scorpius had ever heard of that was horrible at