Ms.Granger you will receive Two weeks of Detention for disturbing my Cass,and also..50 points from Gryfindor. Now out the both of you" he said standing up and rushing out of the room as if he was late for something. Harry reached over the table and tapped Hermione,"Why happened in potions Mione? Geez its like it was a whole nother you" he said taking a big bite of his cake. She ignored the question,and looked over to find snape,but he wasn't there,he was just walking through the door,and he sat down. He's been late like this for days now. " I don't know I just really like getting good grades,I'm so sorry Ron" she said looking over to Ron who had been quiet the whole time. "Uh yea it's fine" he said never looking up.Hermione sighed. "I'm gonna go to the bathroom* She said standing up,glancing up and making eye contact with Snape,and that made her stomach jerk. She quickly looked away,and hurried out of the great hall. She has started feeling really weird,and nervous around him lately. After returning from Christmas break, he's looked a lot different,slimmer, but masculine,his doesn't look as greasy,and he looks a tad younger than before. No one else seems to notice. But he acts different too. Sure he's still a nasty git,but he's different,his behavior. As much as she hates to admit it,she's beginning to fancy him. That night she dreamt of him. Its been happening for a while now. Its always the same dream. Him taking her by the hair and pinning her against the wall,as he rips her pants away,and squeezes her ass rather hard,she moans through gritted teeth.He whispers in her ear,as he suckles on her ear one "Everyone needs a little darkness baby" just as he's about to slide himself in her,she wakes up. Sometimes finding herself all wet,and has to go Dean up,or sometimes feeling uneasy,and sick. But she always feels a dying urge to be in his presence. This night had been a lot different,she woke,in his bed.

Hermione panics,but Snape calms her down,he was quite amused. He even makes funnies.

"Oh bloody hell.." Hermione said jumping up looking around for y source of light,she had no wand on her. She felt the urge to scream. What the hell was happening. How did she get here? "Granger" she nearly jumped out her skin. She let out a loud yelp. Snape muffled a laugh,a small snort escaped his nose. She backed away from him. "What do you do? Did you kidnap me?"  He had a rather amused smile on his face. "This surely can't be the first time you've woken up not knowing where you were?" He said,realizing how bd that sounded. She marched up to him and pushed him, his hands went up in surrender. "I didn't mean that way I promise,I know your a good girl,well I thought that till you pulled that stunt in my Class today." He said taking a sit of his tea. It was dark so she barely saw anything,but the way his outline glowed sheepishly in the dark,he was clearly barely dressed. "How am I here?" She asked trying to take her eyes off him. "Well,I was organizing my Potions closet,when I hear my name and I'm not talking about Snape either,I peep out to see you there,walking rather oddly,and I call your name, but all you do is pass out. I think you were sleep walking,but the only thing I can't wrap my finger around is why would you say my name in your sleep,my only reason to doubt" He said and by the sudden rushed of air that hit her!Ione in the face,he's no longer standing infront of her,and sh misses his presence. "Sleep walking? I don't remember that. At all." She stammered out a little frightened at the thought of wondering about in the middle of the night. "Then you  most like were sleep walking dear Ms.Granger.,now tell me,why did you mention my name?" Hermione gulped Down hard. "Nothing,it was nothing" this made Snape laugh. "That's not how it sounded,oh Severus,Severus don't stop,god don't stop"  Hermione wanted to die,and there was a silence,only awkward for her. "I'm waiting Ms.Granger" Snape said,sitting on his bed. Hermione groaned. "Arg where's the damn light!?" She shouted unexpectedly. "I'm only in Boxer briefs, there off for a reason." Snape said. Hermione snorted,and he had the sudden urge