piercing with vehemence as he nonchalantly drank his tea, not sure what to make of the last admission.

"Explain."

"That night I found you on the floor." A time neither wanted to recall had to be wrenched up from the past again to provide a meaning for Erwin's current presence in Levi's hideout.

"Go on."

"You hit me in the head with a bottle so I defended myself. Ended up knocking you out cold, I'm afraid."

"I have absolutely no fucking idea what you're on about, Erwin. As usual."

"You really don't remember anything?"

"No." Cobalt orbs flickered down, fingers tapping the table in a nervous reflex. This wasn't what he imagined would happen. "Honestly, I don't know what we said or did. All I do know is that I snapped out of it the next fucking day."

"Yea. That was my doing, Levi."

"How?" Erwin sighed and shook his head. He thought the guy knew what had gone on.

"I got you back home in the car once I woke you up and threw you under a cold shower, shouting the whole time until you listened." Meeting the stony face opposite, he continued. "I said some awful things, terrible accusations, anything to get you to stop fucking self destructing."

"Like what?"

"I don't want…"

"Like. What." There was no arguing with that tone and the blonde smiled with a fearsome leer, one tainted with hatred at what he was about to own up to.

"I told you that Isabel would've been disappointed in you."

"No, that's not it." Levi knew he was holding back.

"Alright, I said if she was still alive to see you like that, she'd wish she were dead." Expression unreadable, the shorter man just stared blankly, no emotion evident as he got used to the new information. The need to make his friend pay crossed his mind, but only briefly. If that was what had been needed at the time, then so be it.

"What happened after that?" Flinching at the dark voice, Erwin hastily filled in the whiteout.

"Hours of screaming and…and crying. Punching things. Getting it out of your system. I think that night was when you finally mourned." Levi thought about it carefully, no memory of the pivotal occurrence but he had no doubt it was real. Something had changed him and that seemed to fit the bill. He had never been so glad to have the guy as a friend, even if he had been a fucking bastard in the process.

"Thank you, Erwin."

"You're welcome. So, no arguing? No slap in the face?"

"Not unless you want it."

"No thanks, I'm all good." Smiling, the large male went to leave, before remembering what had started all of this and pointed down. "Did you?" Smirking, Levi raised a brow, dragging out the discomfort a tiny while longer.

"No. We went to the restaurant."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. Amazing what food can do for the fucking soul."

"So that ball of happy activity over there is all because of a meal?"

"Mostly. Now stop asking shitty questions and piss off back to work, slacker."

"Coming?" The pale man shuffled in his seat. It could be nice, but also immensely awkward. If he didn't though, it would look weird so he stood, waiter passing as he picked up his phone and jacket.

"Leaving so soon, Mr Ackerman?" Giving him a wink, the overly-friendly member of staff swept away. He'd figured out the object of the spying one day and had never let it rest since.

"I thought you hadn't been in here before, Levi?'

"I haven't. He's just fucking annoying."

"How did he know your name?"

"Paid by card. Any more interrogations, or can we go?" Accepting the reasons, Erwin made for his shop and the two women he had run out on earlier without a word. Whilst he had been gone, they'd been having their own conversation, a similarly revealing one but more light hearted.

"Annie told me that guy came back. And about what Erwin said to him. Hands all over you, eh?" Pushing your arm playfully, Mikasa laughed and watched your blush grow. Despite what or who you might have done in the past, you still managed to always turn red at the drop of a hat.

"Yea something like that. It was awful."

"The hands or the telling off?"

"The second one, obviously."

"And how was last night?" Wiggling her brows, the often no-nonsense woman turned into a naughty schoolgirl and grinned.

"Shut up. It was nice."

"Nice?! Well, that's no good."

"It was! Really good. Just give it a rest."