in before tomorrow, we have a busy schedule ahead of us!”

----

The rest of the week was nothing but a whirlwind of activity that left Yuuri exhausted and out of breath by the time he managed to make it back to his room. After the first few days of staying at the hotel, it was apparent that crashing at Viktor’s place for the duration of his stay in Saint Petersburg was the most ideal thing to do; the trip from the hotel to the studio was ridiculous, after all.

When Yuuri had complained about it to Viktor one day after their usual evening practice, Viktor had suggested that he could just stay at his flat if he wanted to. It was a relief, really, and he had taken him up on the offer – with some persuasion from Viktor, of course – and the two had then quickly relocated Yuuri’s belongings to Viktor’s own home within the next half hour.

----

During his stay in Saint Petersburg, Yuuri had also managed to meet a few dancers that Viktor was well-acquainted with due to the fact that they also attended the same dance complex as him.

The first person he met was Yuri Plisetsky and boy, did that meeting go downhill horribly fast. The boy was nothing but a bundle of anger which left Yuuri beyond baffled when the younger boy had given him the nickname ‘pig’ and pushed past him to get to the front doors of the studio.

The second person was Mila Babicheva and she was one of the kindest people that Yuuri had ever met. She had quite the sense of humor and the two of them had become extremely good friends as the days slowly passed by.

The third person was Georgi Popovich and, well, Yuuri didn’t really know how else to describe the man other than him being quite nice.

He had met Yakov, too. He was the owner of the studio and acted as a coach of some sort to the group of four and, if Yuuri were to be quite honest, he found the man quite intimidating.

----

As Viktor walked through the front doors of the dance complex early one morning, he was met with a small crowd standing outside the door to the studio he usually occupied.

(Technically, it was really only the other three people he usually saw on a daily basis but that was besides the point.)

“Good morning!” Viktor greeted cheerily. “Is Yuuri in there? He wasn’t in the house this morning.”

Three heads whipped around to stare at him.

“When the hell did he start living with you?”

“I thought he was staying at a hotel?”

“Stop talking, will you? Look, he’s starting again!”

The three turned back to what they were previously doing and with nothing better to do, Viktor decided to join them.

“So, what are you guys doing anyways?” Viktor asked curiously as the four of them watched Yuuri fly through the routine that the two of them had been working on for the better part of a week and a half.

“We’re watching him dance.” Georgi helpfully replied.

“Is this the dance that you two will be performing for the opening ceremony?” Mila asked.

Viktor hummed in response.

“How long has he been here?” Viktor questioned, noticing the slight sheen of sweat that covered Yuuri’s features.

Yuri and Georgi merely shrugged as they directed their gaze to Mila. She had been the first one out of the three to arrive.

“He was already in the studio by the time I got here and that was around eight, I think?” She said. “He’s just been practicing this routine from what I’ve seen so far, though.”

The group turned back to observing the dancer within the studio but, much to their surprise, Yuuri seemed to have finished doing a run-through of their performance and was currently making his way back to the center of the room.

It seemed as if he had made a short trip to the stereo in order to change the song.

Listening closely, the four could now hear the faint sounds of a piano being played through the speakers which slowly grew in volume with every second that passed by.

With baited breaths, they silently wondered what kind of routine Yuuri would perform.

A moment later, he began to move.

And their breaths were utterly blown away.

Yuuri’s movements were sharp and precise; his arms, his legs, his entire body flowed so beautifully and seemed to create a story all on its own.

The pop and locks that were being executed caused his body to be in constant motion but every step that he took was precise and sure.

He was carrying himself with confidence.

And he was smiling.

Viktor couldn’t ever recall a time he saw something, someone, look so damn breathtaking.

Midway through the performance, they could hear the beats of a drum beginning to bleed into the song and before they knew it Yuuri had –

“What the hell was that transition!?” Yuri exclaimed, eyes wide.

The second song had been seamlessly blended into the first and Yuuri had made the transition so perfectly – practically flawless