, so they will live."'" 

"I want you, but I don't really want a baby," was how Braeden summarized her thoughts. "Is that the end of us?"

Derek stuck his nose in her cleavage and wrapped himself around her. He pulled a couple deep breaths and said, "If you live with me, I'm going to lean on you to help with the baby. But I don't want you to go away."

"I could go…close. I mean I travel a lot anyway, but isn't there another floor to this place? We could finish it and I could rent it from you."

He curled his fingers around her right wrist and thought about that. He'd bought this place while he was still an alpha, with a view to making it pack housing. It was unusual for werewolves to den in a city, but it wasn't unheard of. He and Laura had checked out a few condos in New York that turned out to be dens. 

"Are you going to be upset if the seed parent moves in?"

She snorted. "You can use Scott's name. And, no. I'm okay with your alpha having higher priority in your life than I do. And your cub."

"I will be having a baby. And Scott is not my alpha."

"I will be having a baby," said Derek again, slowly. He hadn't realized that he'd made up his mind, definitely, to do it.

Braeden swept her hand down his back, squeezed his hand. "The only person surprised by that is you."

He shook his head. "I meant to think about it. Deliberately."

She shrugged, pulled her arms tighter around him and snuffled into the top of his head. "You have money. No one's trying to kill you. You want a bigger pack, and this is the way you can make one now. Since you're omega," and that last bit was definitely her mocking him. "You want a family, and I'm not quite—."

"You are, though," he said, voice low and fast. 

He could feel her body tense up against his, but his nose said excitement and pleasure, not rejection. "I'm not domesticated enough. You want to start a pack house, and I'm transient." She kissed his cheek, though. "I can be transient with a home base, though."

He put his mouth on her then, happy not-quite-gnawing on her collarbone. "Are you an orphan?" he asked suddenly. He realized that he loved Braeden (even if he hadn't said it [except he just had]), trusted her with his life and with Scott's, would trust her with what kids may come, but his knowledge about her past was still glancing, scattered.

She tensed up more then, twisted like she wanted to get away from him. "No, my parents and my sister are fine. We're just…estranged. My whole family's in law and law enforcement. The rebel was my cousin Abbie; she got her MSW and then started working as a guardian ad litem within five years." She sighed and relaxed, put her fingers through his hair. "When I got drummed out of the Marshalls…."

He reached up and kissed her. It was enough. Enough to make him understand how she could let him claim her as family, but not offer relatives in exchange. Which reminded him, "There were four survivors. Of the Fire."

"Oh," she said. Her fingers picked up speed, where they were rubbing on his back, and her scent evened out.

"My sister Cora ran south. My mother's last command as an alpha, she pushed a little too hard, and Cora wound up in South America."

Braeden licked her lips and sat with that for just a moment. "I take it she's made a life there. Found a pack of her own?"

"She's settled and safe there. I checked." He burrowed back into her collar bone, huffing a little. He understood Cora's decision. Hell, he'd been fucked with by a nogitsune, kidnapped, and fatally stabbed since she'd been gone. But it left him alone and unaffiliated and unhappy. Omega whispered in the back of his head.



Derek was still confused about how Beacon Hills had turned from being all about basketball to lacrosse. He'd been in high school seven years ago, it wasn't that long. Further, he didn't understand what people saw in lacrosse as a sport.

He knew that humans didn't have the problems he sometimes had on outdoor sports field, being distracted by animal life. (He'd run track in high school and managed to take out an entire relay team when he got distracted by a hawk one time. Managed to convince the coach he was dehydrated, thank god.) 

But this sport was boring, a bunch of boys