They got there at the normal time, ten minutes before class started, but Adrien didn’t care about time. Not even the biting cold of winter or snow slowed him down as he rushed into the school, searching for the spot Marinette usually hung out with Alya.However, Alya sat alone waiting for her friend who she figured was no doubt still sleeping through her alarm.Adrien walked up to her. “Alya, where’s Marinette?”Alya raised an eyebrow, “Why? What’s this-” She broke off when Adrien slid the blue scarf, which she knew very well Marinette made for him, off from around his neck and she could see her name. She smiled as a plan formed in her head.

 

Marinette was incredibly great at escaping her friends during an akuma attack, sewing, and turning off her alarm in her sleep. A good reason how she was able to gain the latter as a skill was when she dreamed of her and Adrien together. Nothing could get her up. Her mom could, but it was essentially dragging Marinette out of bed that got the job done. No amount of talking could get Marinette out of bed.“Marinette!” Said girl groaned at her mother’s voice and turned over, attempting to block out the loud noise that dare wake her up. “Adrien’s here!”On the floor below Marinette’s room, Mrs. Dupain-Cheng learned that day that only two words were required to wake up her daughter in an instant as she heard a scream and numerous loud bumps as Marinette got ready for school.Mrs. Dupain-Cheng turned to Adrien who stood next to her. “She’ll be down soon, dear. I apologize, but I have to go back down into the bakery. Make sure you two get to school safe and sound.”Adrien nodded and smiled. “Of course Mrs. Dupain-Cheng.”Mrs. Dupain-Cheng was halfway down the staircase when she heard the door to Marinette room open and noted the time it took for her daughter to get up. She would have to remember to invite Adrien over in the morning if it took Marinette two minutes to get ready for school in an instant.Meanwhile, Adrien and Marinette stared at one another. Adrien knew hands down that both of them were getting to class slightly late today, but he didn’t care.He waved shyly at her. “Hi, Marinette, good morning.”Getting over her shock, Marinette smiled and waved back. “Good Adrien, morning.” Her eyes widened when she realized what she said. “I mean, good morning Adrien! Er, what are you doing here?”“Well, I was looking for you at school and couldn’t find you, so Alya told me where I could find you.” Adrien rubbed the back of his neck nervously wondering if he overstepped. “Sorry if I surprised you though.”Marinette shook her head. “No, it’s fine, but why were you looking for me?”“Well,” Adrien cleared his throat. “It’s because of my scarf.”“Your scarf?” Being so focused on Adrien’s perfect face had made her overlook that he was wearing the scarf she made. “Oh, what about your scarf?” She walked down the steps to stand in front of him. “Your dad gave it to you for your birthday didn’t-” She noticed the flicker of pain across his face. “What is it Adrien?”“Don’t lie to me, Marinette,” Adrien said. “I know it was you who made this scarf.” To prove it, he showed her the embroidery where her name was. “And not my dad.”Marinette’s eyes widened, her blue eyes locked onto green ones. He didn’t like it, she thought glumly. I ruined the one gift that he thought he got from his father. And now he wants to return it.Marinette lowered her head solemnly, surprising Adrien. “I’m sorry. I understand if you want to return it.” She held out her hand, expecting the scarf to be placed there.The sound of the school bell ringing in the distance to inform that class started was the only sound that broke the silence. The scarf never came.She looked up, confused, wondering why his serious expression had turned shocked. Wasn’t his intention to return it to her?“Return it? Why would I?” Adrien asked in bewilderment. “I love the scarf!” Marinette’s cheeks colored at the word. “Why would you think I would want to return it? I just wanted to find out why you never told me it was from you.”Oh. Marinette fidgeted slightly, embarrassed as she told the truth. “Well, I was thinking of doing it the day after you received it, but then… I saw how happy you were when you talked about your father. I…” She turned away, trying to hide the color in her cheeks. “I didn’t want to ruin your happiness.”“Marinette…”She dared a look at him. The smile on Adrien