!" You hung up the phone without waiting for a response, jumping from your bed to all but suffocate Yuki in your chest.  "We're moving to France, Yuki! I can go to school with Marinette and Adrien, and beat up bad guys with Chat Noir and Ladybug, and ahhh-" You squealed, "It's going to be the best!" 

 

  "Zin, it's dinner time!" Your cousin shouted up, breaking your dreamy stupor. 

 

  "Coming!" You shouted in response, releasing Yuki with a smile. "I'm so excited, Yu."

 

 "I know, Z, I know." Yuki watched you leave with a fond smile. 

 

  "So, I heard you on the phone with Adelaide. Anything I should know, kiddo?" Rachel asked, sitting beside you at the table after serving her kids. 

 

  "I'm going to be heading to France, after we finish shooting this season. So I don't have to bother you any longer," You explained, grabbing some spaghetti and sauce. 

 

  "You aren't a bother, Zin. I enjoyed having you here, what with Lance away," Rachel immediately rebuked, referencing to her husband. 

 

  "Well, his service ends next month, doesn't he?" You asked, smiling warmly. 

 

  "Yes, it does. He already has a job set up for when he gets home and- It’ll be great to finally having him home.” Rachel beamed, obviously very excited to have her husband living with her instead of overseas. You couldn’t help but grin back, her happiness contagious. 

 

  “If you’d like, when he gets back and before I leave, I can watch the kids for a night? So you guys can get a night to yourselves? I’ll even pay for it!” You offered, wanting to thank her for letting you stay however you could.

 

  “Oh! That’d be so nice of you, Zin. But I couldn’t let you pay for everything-” You waved her off.

 

  “Oh, don’t be silly! It’s not like I can’t afford it, I may not have access to a lot of what I received in the will until I’m eighteen, but I do make money from my acting. I can afford it, and you deserve it, as a thank you!” You explained, grinning back at Rachel as she sheepishly smiled at you.

 

  “Well, If I can’t convince you not to, it would mean so much to me, Zin. Thank you,” Rachel said softly, pulling you into a hug.

 

  “No problem!” You were really going to miss her, thank goodness the school year is almost over.

 

  "Can you do the dishes? There's a thing at the kid's school they wanted to go to," Rachel asked, glancing at the time on her phone. 

 

  "Of course, Rachel, I'll take care of it. Enjoy the play," You responded, collecting the used dishes. 

 

  "How'd you know it was a play?" 

 

  "I saw the flyer on the counter earlier," You explained, smiling as you carried the dishes to the sink. You heard a huff. 

 

  "You just know everything, don't you?" Rachel whined playfully. You chuckled, thinking of Chat Noir and Ladybug. 

 

  "Not nearly, cous."

 

  **

 

  You were carrying your bag through the airport, after saying goodbye to Rachel, Lance, and the kids. You were rushing to your gate since you had arrived later than you intended, and we're trying to get to your plane before boarding. 

 

  "Excuse me, are you Miss Prince?" You turned on your heel to see one of the airport employees. You nodded your head. "Oh, good! I was asked to tell you that your flight has been upgraded to first class, courtesy of a Rachel Wood?" You huffed, shaking your head. 

 

  "Of course it was, thank you for informing me," You accepted the ticket from the woman and went to stand in the line for boarding. You called Rachel. 

 

  "Hello, did you make it to the flight?" You snorted. 

 

  "Of course I did, Rachel. Now why did you go and do a silly thing like upgrading me go first class? If I wanted to sit there I could've payed for it myself," You pointed out, frowning into the phone. 

 

  "Oh shush, you're too humble to actually buy a first class ticket, so I went ahead and did it for you. As thanks for paying for my 'date'  with my husband," Rachel responded, sounding amused. 

 

  "I payed for that as a thank you, you can't just-" Rachel cut you off. 

 

  "Of course I can! You deserve it, and that date was worth way more than a few short months of taking care of you, Z! So, have a good flight, and call me when you're off!" Rachel hung up and you huffed, handing your ticket