me?


 

He inched closer, I could feel it, and though he didn’t say anything I knew he wanted me to look at him. His gaze burnt through my eyelids, a skill he had picked up from infancy.  So my eyes snapped open. He was in a rage today.  A few hours prior I’d been subconsciously loosening up my body, trying to rest and relax so that it could handle what was coming. You’d think after a certain number of times I’d be used to it by now.

But within a few seconds any relaxed feeling in me diminished and my body tensed at the sight of his visage – teeth bared, eyes demonic and boring into me, without actually looking at me. Like a monster of some sort.  God, he had so many problems. Anger issues were just one small part of them, and I always knew that, so maybe it was my own fault for walking into this. So I just grin and bear it. 

 


Yeah, I’m afraid… so what do you want from me? 


 

I try to admire the beauty about him, the beauty hidden by that angst and pain that he wore too often. Flaxen hair, catlike oceanic irises, and smooth golden skin. It’s hard, I’ll admit, but when I really focus in on those things, it kind of lifts the tension.

 I know who he really is. I understand him.

 


What do you want from me?


 

He tore off my shirt with one strong hand, my pants with the other. The same hands that handled guns and weapons of all kinds, the ones that killed ruthlessly, the ones that carried the blood of innocent.  But that’s not who he is. It’s just a façade.

Letting his weight fall on me, I let my hands fall to his waist.  “It’s okay,” I whispered into the shell of his ear. It may not have sounded convincing, but it was the best I could do. 

And instantly, his mouth was on mine. He bit my bottom lip with razor teeth, sucking relentlessly.  Broken, rough nails dragged across my legs and stomach and back and scalp.  Within a second I found myself slammed into the wall, left with no space to breathe as he pressed himself against my chest.  

 


There might’ve been a time where I could give myself away


 

I allowed him to bite my neck, keep me pinned, to use me because I always let him. He brought down my boxers. Lifted me to a standing with strong fingers pressing into my bicep, where he spun me around and rammed me into the wall where my cheek found its company. The temperature difference came as a shock, my body on fire while the wall was icy, metallic.   I heard him unzip his pants quickly, panting from the sudden exertion, and in a second he gripped my hips, and entered me.

And all I feel is pain.

Pleasure may come, but when it does it's grossly masked.  Pleasure hasn’t come recently.

 


Oh, once upon a time, I didn’t give a damn







He groaned loudly at the steady rhythm he was setting, which of course was too fast for me, because it always is. I only moaned softly, biting my lip and holding my lungs together to suppress the sounds I really felt like making.

I never even realize anymore when the tears fall down my numbing face. His lips fell to the nape of my sweaty neck, and in that spot I felt him.  For a fleeting moment in this frenzy, I felt what he really was. The monster subsided and I felt him. And he thrust, kept thrusting until my bones felt as if they would shatter against the cold, hard wall.  Finally, he came, and his body relaxed.  Mine didn’t. 

 


But now, here we are… so what do you want from me?


 

“Hard day?” I mumbled through my teeth, trying not to sound bitter.  He didn’t answer, and instead fell into the bed in the middle of the room. It’s the biggest bed I’ve ever seen, and yet he insists on the fucking wall. I crawled in with him, finding a moment’s comfort in relaxing my back against the soft mattresses and finding sanctuary under the heavy covers.  After a minute, he put an arm around me.

 


What do you want from me?


 

“I’m sorry,” he whispered, as he whispers every time, tears clenching his throat.  I smile every time. It’s a worn, exhausted half smile but it’s one nonetheless.

“It’s okay.”

 


Just don’t give up, I am working it out


 

And when he presses a full, desperately rueful kiss upon my swelled lips, I’m reassured. You may say I’m twisted, but in that one moment that he kisses me you can be sure to God that I’m reassured.

 


Please don’t give in, I won’t let you down


 

He kissed my cheek