I could see how you were using me as a tool to further your own goals!  I was a fool when we met to think that we could ever be friends!”  England spat at the ground beside France.


 


 “You do not mean that, mon ami!  I would never use you as a pawn,” France whispered.  “You were more than just a tool to me.” 


 


 “Then what was I?” France wants to take this chance and tell England that he was his special friend, his best friend, the one he loved, but he doesn't.  France turns his head away.  England looks down at the beaten nation for a moment before turning on his heels and walking away across the ravaged landscape of France's countryside.  The wind carries his parting statement to the ears of the tired Frenchman, still laying in the mud.


 


 “I will never belong to you again, France.  Never.”  


 

 


 “I don't think it is right for you to get so attached to that colony of yours L'Angleterre.  It makes you seem foolish.” France faced his rival and object of his affections who was seething in annoyance.  “You will only get hurt in the end when I gain control over this land.”  France smirked.  He was going to control North America by himself.  That would show England just how powerful and amazing he was!  Then, he could woo England properly and the rising empire would fall into his arms!


 


 “It is you who is the fool, Frog,”  England ground out angrily.  “North America is mine and I will not let you have my America or allow you to hold on to Canada.  You couldn't raise a colony if you had an instruction pamphlet!”  France frowned.  He could raise Canada just fine!  He was a wonderful father, England just didn't see it.  He was about to give a scathing retort when England continued.  “Besides, there is no way you will win this war.  I will not allow it!”  France saw the barely restrained rage in his rival's eyes.


 


 “It is not acceptable for you to become emotionally attached to anyone.” The 'but me' that went unsaid was completely missed by the sharp tempered Brit.


 


 “And why should it matter to you if I care for America, or anyone else?”  France doesn't reply.  He just turns and walks away, determined to win this war and keep England from growing any emotional bonds with anyone but himself.  He would sever any connections the Brit tried to make until he was able to gain the empire's love for his own.


 

 


 “How dare you!”  England railed at the Frenchman, furious. “How dare you assist him in leaving me!  You know what he means to me!” France stood still as the smaller man began to beat his fists into his chest.  “YOU KNOW!!!  Why, God damn it?!  WHY?”  The empire dissolved into hysterical tears.  


 


 France had no idea what to say.  The truth?  'I don't want you to have anyone to love but me so I helped America leave because you love him more than me.'  Maybe 'I love you and I wanted you all to myself?'  France wanted so badly to say anything like that; to tell the sobbing empire how much he was loved.  France was selfish.  He had been jealous of America since the first time he had laid eyes on the young nation.  He would never admit it but he could see that England loved that colony more than anyone else in the world.  And he hated it.  England wasn't allowed to love anyone but him!  France just wanted to make England understand, but when he was about to try England had finally regained his composure.  


 


 “Never mind!  I don't want to hear it anyway!  FUCK YOU, FRANCE!  If you pull shit like this again, I'll bloody kill you.” The last was said in a deadly whisper before England turned and swept from the room, leaving a gaping and disappointed France behind him. 'I guess that chance was lost, but next time!  Next time I will tell him for sure!'  France was sure of this.


 

 


 France was on his knees, begging.  It was just after World War II and he was deeply in debt after the Suez Canal debacle.  He need England to marry him so that his boss would stop saying he was going to kill France. He had tried tricking England into signing the marriage certificate and even used a bit of force, but that got him nowhere.


 


 France was now in the process of dragging England from the office they had been meeting in to a corrupt minister in France's country so that they could be married.  England was screaming for help and trying to jerk free but France held fast.  Even if he hadn't been in danger of dying, France would have wanted to marry England.  “Let me go, you wanker!  We are NOT getting married!”  England tried to kick the taller man but failed.


 


 “And why is that, mon L'Angleterre?  Would I be such a bad husband?”  France sounded playful