almost imperceptible moment of tension, and then he said, "Morning, Rodney."

"Good morning, Colonel. Teyla. Ronon." Rodney greeted them, ignoring when Ronon reached over and took one of the decoy muffins. "What's on the agenda for today?"

When John shoveled a forkful of eggs into his mouth—the most blatant avoidance tactic ever, and one Rodney himself hadn't used since he was in grade four—Teyla answered, "The colonel is expected in the infirmary this morning; Doctor Beckett wishes to evaluate his progress. We were discussing the possibility of some light defensive training afterward, if the doctor deems him well enough."

"McKay should come, too." Ronon obviously had no problems with talking with his mouth full.

Rodney shook his head. "I have about a million things to do in the lab," he said, and it was entirely true: there never seemed to be enough hours in the day to get everything done. Then he looked up and caught the relief on John's face and changed his mind. He wasn't going to just disappear because John had decided they were over, and John might as well start getting used to that fact now. "On second thought, I probably should make time for some hand-to-hand training."

Ronon snagged another muffin and several strips of bacon. "Yeah," he agreed. "We can't protect you all the time. Better to know how to protect yourself."

Rodney looked at him sharply, but he was wearing the same expression he always did and there was no hint that he was intending it as a dig about Rodney's last disastrous off-world mission. In what was beginning to be a familiar gesture, he pushed his tray over to Ronon. "I have to check in with the trained monkeys, but I'll meet you in the workout room at ten?"

What he hadn't considered, it occurred to Rodney as he walked to his lab, was that it had only been a couple of days since he'd had the crap beaten out of him by Wraith drones. He wasn't about to back down, though. Most of the aches and stiffness were gone, and if worst came to worst, he still had a stash of oxycodone that would get him through a couple of days until he felt human again.

He didn't end up needing the drugs; Teyla and Ronon were both surprisingly gentle with him. John barely even looked his direction the whole time, which was actually more painful than the few times he found himself flat on his back with Ronon's forearm across his throat or on his knees at Teyla's feet.

"You are improving, Doctor McKay," Teyla said as they gathered up their gear. "You should continue to practice with us."

Maybe it was just the endorphins, but Rodney was feeling amazingly good. Good enough to say, "I might just do that," and leave the room with a smile on his face.



~ * ~ * ~

John's eyes widened when he saw it was Rodney at the door, but Rodney didn't give him a chance to say anything. Instead, he pushed past him, waving the DVDs.

"Teyla and Ronon will be here any minute," Rodney said, dropping the box on John's desk and heading for the bed. "Ronon is supposed to be bringing popcorn, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's none left by the time they get here." He pulled the bed out from the wall, then looked up at John. "You want to give me a hand here?"

John just stared at him. "What do you think you're doing?" he finally asked, and Rodney rolled his eyes.

"Getting your room set up so we can all watch the movie." Sometimes he wondered if John was being intentionally obtuse. Granted, John had reason to question Rodney's actions, but he thought he'd been sufficiently obvious. When John still didn't move, Rodney sighed and started shifting the bed by himself, turning it ninety degrees and pushing it back against the wall so that it was parallel to John's desk.

Finally, John said, "Watching a movie requires the redecoration of my quarters?"

The words were right there, ready to spill out: No, John, it's just this compulsion I have because I'm a homo. Rodney clenched his jaw and kept his mouth shut; sarcasm and vitriol wouldn't do anything to improve the situation, and the minor satisfaction they would give couldn't even begin to balance out the damage. Luckily, he didn't have to come up with a polite answer, because Teyla and Ronon's arrival distracted John.

Surprisingly, the two giant bowls of popcorn Ronon carried were still full. Teyla's bag clinked as she set it down and began digging through it, pulling out bottles of Athosian homebrew. Rodney busied himself setting up John's laptop, loading the disc in and queuing it up to the movie itself. When