The already dim sky began to bleed into a bloody red, rust-colored dust filtering the air. To anything that breathed the air would have been stifling with the oppressive smog bearing down on them. The rough soil beneath his boots was practically radiating heat, and for a moment he was thankful he didn't have skin, because he was sure it would be melting off. It would cool down soon though, with the rising of the planet's binary moons.

Head raised, Obsidian was sure that the current situation was his own inadequacy and lack of foresight. He should have brought a few Jaspers along, or didn't matter how strong a group of Citrines could be when fused together.. this was a new threat, that much was obvious when the large form of a Citrine amalgamation was torn apart roughly. Falling, all but the Squadron Captain were caught by a swinging, clawed hand. A few cracked before shattering upon impact. Others fell to the hard soil, gemstones themselves barely staying together.

Stunned and laying against the ground was the Citrine he knew best, frozen as he stared at the creature above him. Hand shooting out, Obsidian roughly yanked the other out of the way and onto his feet. "Get it together!" He yelled, before turning to face the creature again. Eyes scanning the landscape, he quickly assessed the situation. This was bad, and the mission had gone horribly wrong. But he had to save the rest of the Citrine Squadron, and return the shards as well, should they want to contain this situation.

Turning to see that Citrine was now looking far more alert than before, he held out his hand with an emboldened look to his eye. "Fuse with me." His tone left no room for argument, but Citrine still looked taken aback. Holding up his hands in a nervous manner, he glanced away. "F-Fuse? Obsidian, that's--" He wasn't able to finish the statement as Obsidian dropped the held out hand with a rough snarl. Stalking forward, he craned his head up and stared at Citrine with his brows knit. "I know that!"

Hand thrust behind him, he pointed at the monster and the gems scattered on the ground. "But if we don't fuse, we along with the rest of your comrades will be shattered!" Stepping back, he stared him down once more. "What will it be, Citrine?" For a beat, the other gem didn't speak or even physically respond in any manner.

"Fine." Was the other's affirmation, and Obsidian took it in stride, moving into his personal space with a hand drawing up and his fingers curling around Citrine's. With only a few inches between them, Obsidian closed it by pressing himself against the other as they moved together fluidly. Wind rushing against his hair for a moment, he dropped backwards as Citrine dipped him roughly. He grunted, but looked up for only a moment to see ringed eyes tinted by orange, before everything went white.

It was warm, and everything was an overpowering glow of white with a soft buzz in his ear. The air crackled with energy, and everything felt.. different. This wasn't just him now, it was something entirely new. Now, he was Black Goldenite. He'd never had one eye before, and he'd never been this tall. Controlling the scarf around his neck was a foreign feeling, yet he grasped the concept immediately. Pulling it from his neck, it straightened into a long handle before he pulled a spiked ball, only a portion of Citrine's weapon before fusing the two together. A mace, and with this they readied themselves.

 

The way they felt was new, but fighting together was ever familiar.