it was anyone else Louis would have told him to forget about it and that it wasn't worth it but Zayn's been threw this before. Sophomore year with this boy who shall not be named, he promised himself he wouldn't let himself go through something like this again. There's not much to say after that.
"What about you and Harry, I saw you with him." Zayn says with a smirk attempting to change the subject. Louis' face turns bright red.
"I was drunk Zayn you know what I'm like when I'm drunk."
"Louis, you were following that boy around like a lost puppy get a grip." Louis smacks Zayn's arm and turns the other way. Zayn's arm wraps around Louis stomach and pulls him closer. This probably looks a bit weird if anyone else were to see it but it's a normal thing that Zayn and Louis do together. They've known each other for nearly their whole lives it's basically a second nature to him. 

                           -

Zayn tries not to spend the rest of his weekend thinking about Liam. He doesn't want to over think it because Zayn isn't one for over thinking. Liam hasn't texted him or called him and Zayn doesn't have 7 texts to him in his drafts. Maybe Liam forgot all about it, maybe he was too high to remember. That's impossible though right? Zayn's been high before and he still remembers everything that happened when he was. He does all he can to distract himself, Louis brings him out to lunch to distract him. Louis doesn't have to ask he just knows. It's always been like that with Louis, no words have to be said to know how the other is feeling. The day goes by slow, Zayn plans on going home to shower and sleep. He's naked and about to hop in the shower when he phone vibrates, it's a text from Liam that says
"Hey srry I didn't text u sooner, can u meet after school tomorrow." Zayn smiles at that, he's happy he wasn't left hanging to figure out Liam's feelings without Liam. He's assuming Liam wants to talk. He replies back with a simple "sure xx" and hops in the shower. A huge weight lifted off his shoulders. He falls asleep anxious thinking about what'll happen tomorrow. 

                             -

The day goes by slow, Liam didn't show up to ceramics class and Zayn was really hoping to see him. By last period his legs are bouncing and he can't stop looking at the clock. The minute the bell rings he shoots up from his seat and speed walks down the hall. He finds Liam outside on the wall where Zayn was sat on Friday waiting for Liam. They exchange awkward hellos and get in Liam's car and start driving to his house.
"So sorry about Friday I was fucked up." Liam says to him breaking the silence. Zayn is a bit confused, he's not sure if Liam is sorry about leaving or sorry about sucking his cock.
"It's alright mate I was too." Zayn says playing it safe nodding his head.
"I've never done something like that before."
"Well it didn't seem like it." Zayn says feeling a bit brave. Liam's face turns bright red.
"Well I'd like to do it again Zayn." Liam says with a smirk.
"Drive a bit faster then babe." Zayn says to him while putting a hand on Liam's upper thigh. Liam's eyes go wide at that and he speeds up a little. Zayn rubs Liam's thigh getting closer to his crotch but never touching that area. They get to Liam's house and Liam doesn't hesitate dragging Zayn to his room and pushing him on the bed. Liam can already feel his cock thickening. God what is this boy doing to him. Liam's lips meet his in a more gentle kiss this time.
They kiss like this for a little grabbing at each other clothes and hair. Liam pulls off him panting looking in Zayn's eyes before saying.
"I don't want to fuck this up."
"You were fine Liam don't worry." Zayn says grabbing Liam's cheek.
"I was high, I'm not really that confident."
"It's okay." Zayn says before rolling then over so he's straddling Liam. He puts Liam's hands on his hips. Zayn smirks at Liam before leaning down and sucking on Liam's neck. Liam's arms snake around Zayn's waist pulling him closer to his chest . Zayn grinds down on Liam and Liam lets out a loud groan. It startles Zayn because he not entirely sure if Liam's parents are home or not. He lifts his head up to look at Liam his eyes widening.
"We're fine babe no one we'll be here for hours." Liam says