-way on their case and that was good, at least. Kept Dean distracted from thoughts about Castiel, if nothing else. Seriously, seeing the man yesterday during Father Rogers’ boring-as-hangover mass had been both wonderful and torture.

Castiel had given Dean this small little nod in greeting when their eyes met over the pews and Dean hadn’t been able to help himself; had had to smile brightly back. Castiel’s cheeks had tinged an adorable pink and Dean had had to turn away to keep from walking over and kissing the man right then and there.

Because seriously, what the fuck was wrong with him? Had to get a grip there, Winchester.

So Dean had collected himself but it hadn’t stopped him from squeezing Castiel’s hand a little extra hard as the parishioners were making their way out of the church after mass. Their eyes had met for a moment too long and Dean had only very barely resisted licking his lips suggestively. Castiel’s wife had been right there, for fuck’s sake.

But he had managed to keep a cool face until about ten seconds later when he was once again face to face with Castiel. Except no, that time it had been Jimmy and the man had smiled much wider than Castiel while he shook Dean’s hand enthusiastically. Both men were simply gorgeous to Dean but he had found himself wondering if Castiel’s eyes would sparkle just as much or more if he smiled as wide as his brother. Fuck, that was dangerous.

Because at first it had been sexy fantasies about fucking twins that had made Dean’s jerk-offs better and now suddenly there was only one man. Getting down with a couple of men was fine but pining after only one was bad, Dean knew. Couldn’t (wouldn’t) get hung up.

So it was very good that Sam finally had a small break-through last night. Dean had gotten a couple of texts late at night and they had managed to exchange a few hurried words during the day so Dean was mostly up to speed now, too.

Apparently this church had been built on the ground of an old church, like pre-American Revolution old, and some of the original groundwork was still down there in the basement. When Dean told Sam he remembered some of the other priests mentioning stumbling across an old sealed room a couple of weeks back, Sam had gotten on the ghost-bandwagon rather quickly and they had decided that Sam would do some scooping today, Dean would talk to the priests and they would check it out together tomorrow when Dean was free.

And that was great and all but Dean was still stuck in confessionals tonight. He sighed as he poked at a seam on his robe and listened to the complete silence outside the booth. He just knew he could do so much better putting this time to use down in the basement instead of in here.

In fact, he was just about to say fuck it and leave when he heard the sound of rapidly approaching steps. He sighed again, deeper, and leaned back against the wall as the door to the other booth was all but ripped open.

"Father Dean?"

Castiel sounded breathless and yes, Dean was one hundred percent certain that this was Castiel and not his brother even though they had similar voices because Castiel’s was much gravellier. Plus, when Jimmy talked Dean’s dick didn’t act up. Seriously, even now when Castiel sounded distressed Dean’s dick was being, well, a complete dick.

"Yes, child?" Dean answered calmly and took perverse satisfaction in getting to call the man that when Castiel was older than Dean.

"It’s getting worse."

Dean frowned. "Worse how?"

Didn’t have to ask what was worse, though, oh no. Dean was very clear on that and so was his treacherous body, but he still remembered the uncomfortable feeling of sitting in here with his cold spunk covering his most beloved body part and he didn’t fancy a repeat if he could help it. Plus, Castiel didn’t sound helpless and vulnerable; he sounded distraught and that was pushing it, even for Dean.

"Do you remember Claire’s P.E. teacher? I told you about him this Saturday."

As if Dean could ever forget. "I remember, Castiel. The man with the bowlegs." He stated simply and stretched his own legs out before him as far as the little booth allowed.

"I had…" Castiel huffed a breath of nervousness and pressed close to the little window. Dean imagined he could smell the man’s sweat through it. "I had a dream." Castiel whispered fervently and Dean couldn’t stop that smirk not matter how much he tried.

"What kind of dream?" he asked and prided himself in keeping his voice sincerely questioning. Castiel gulped in that goddamn sexy way of his and yeah, Dean was fattening up in his pants already. Fuck, he hadn’t meant to let himself go there but what the fuck was he supposed to do when Castiel was so close, fucking panting?