the younger's. He screamed when he saw it. Jongdae hit his head trying to shut him up. Junmyeon couldn't stop staring at the gold ring. It looked expensive and he just hoped it wasn't him who had paid for it. He hoped the girl that the other ring belonged to was rich and had bought the ring for him.

The other girl. Who was the other girl? Junmyeon tried thinking back trying to remember the previous details of the night before. He couldn't come up with anything. It was all just a blur. He remembered getting separated from Luhan and Minseok. Or maybe he left on purpose. Those two were always too into PDA, especially when they had a bit of alcohol in them. He remembered Jongdae pushing him towards a bunch of slot machines. He knew that Jongdae had dragged him to a club. After that, he was handed a ton of shots and that's all he could remember.

Yeah, Junmyeon was fucked.

"Jongdae, we have to find my wife. Help me find my wife. You were the only one that was with me. We split from the group, which means if we work together and piece what we remember, we can probably find her. We leave in four days. I'm sure we can find her," Junmyeon pleaded.

"Okay, we can start with all the chapels. I think I saw that the hotel had three. Should I text Yifan and let him know to go on without us, or do you want him to join the search?" Jongdae asked. What kind of hotel had three chapels? Junmyeon shook his head. He didn't think Yifan would be much help and he didn't want to get the older involved. He knew that if he mentioned it to Yifan, he'd tell Minseok and Luhan, who would later tell Zitao and they'd all get involved and they would definitely not be relaxing

"I forgot to mention, but I think we have a lead," Jongdae said. Junmyeon looked at him, waiting for him to continue. Jongdae started lifting his shirt and Junmyeon pushed him against the wall.

"Showing me your abs is not a lead," Junmyeon groaned.

"As much as I want to brag about my amazing abs, I actually have something to show you," Jongdae said, rolling his eyes and lifting his shirt again.

Yeah, that really was a lead.

On the side of Jongdae's body was a giant tattoo of a man's face. It was only of the bust, but it was extremely detailed

"Who is that?" Junmyeon asked, reaching to touch the tattoo. It was still wrapped in the film. Jongdae smacked his hand out of the way, pulling his shirt back down.

"I think this is the dude who married you," Jongdae noted. "We'll go to every chapel, flash my tattoo and see if anyone recognizes him. Full-proof plan."

Junmyeon rolled his eyes. He didn't think he could argue with that. Their only lead was the tattoo. They'd figure the rest out later if they even the guy in the tattoo. There'd probably be a file on hand and he could get the name of his wife.

Maybe he wasn't as fucked as he thought he was.

 

 -

 

Sehun met the others in the living room. He felt so much better, but he couldn’t stop staring at the bite marks on his body. He was pretty sure he slept with a vampire. He debated whether or not to put the ring back on. He was scared he’d lose it and when he found the person, they wouldn’t believe him. He shrugged and put it on. He tried not to think about how heavy and real it felt.

He followed the group down to the buffet, staying in the back to avoid any questions about last night. He was still trying to figure out how he was going to tell his friends. He couldn’t just say “Hey guys! I know we’re here to celebrate Kyungsoo and Jongin’s engagement, but I’m married and I don’t know who they are.”

Sehun was so glad they were at a buffet. The food looked so good and his stomach was growling with hunger. It would’ve been better if he wasn’t hungover and couldn’t eat anything that was dripping in oil or deep fried.

The others had gone to get a table, but Baekhyun went straight to the buffet. Sehun sidled up to him. "Hello, Baekhyun. Please tell me you weren't blackout drunk last night and you remember everything," Sehun groaned.

"Sorry, buddy. All I know is I woke up in Chanyeol's bed covered in money and chocolate syrup," Baekhyun stated. Sehun just stared at him. There were so many questions he wanted to ask, yet knew he wouldn't get any answers. The joys of being in Vegas.

"I sort of have a problem," Sehun whispered. Baekhyun looked up at him