his face until he can feel the heat of Demetrius’ breath dance across his lips.

Suddenly inspired, Jeremy tilts his head, leaning into Demetrius to close the gap between their mouths. Warm lips meet his dry ones and he has to hold back a shiver of delight at the feeling. It’s an incredibly chaste kiss, too short for him to really comprehend the barely-there lemony taste of Sprite on his lips until he swipes his tongue against the flavor and moves forward again, hand tugging at Demetrius’ hair to get his mouth back where it belongs. He makes a tiny strangled sound when Demetrius dives back in to meet him, his chest forcing Jeremy to lean back, feel the hard edge of the marble countertop dig into the back of his thighs as he tries to support his weight on it.

This kiss – Jeremy decides as he opens his mouth, letting Demetrius slide his tongue between his lips – is definitely better than the first. Demetrius’ mouth is warm and firm against his, tongue sliding around Jeremy’s until the kiss is starting to turn sloppy and wet, but Demetrius’ hand goes up to Jeremy’s face, steadying him from angling his head too much to get more of that tongue down his throat. They don’t stop kissing until Jeremy pulls back to breathe, gasping for air before surging against Demetrius again to reclaim his lips.

Jeremy has no clue what the hell he’s doing, he’s never been this hungry for a kiss since his first time receiving a terrible blowjob in his freshman year of highschool. Back then it had all been so fast, both him and the girl too inexperienced to really get over how nervous they both were and trying to cover it up with passionate, sloppy kisses while her hand undid his belt and pants. The whole night had ended in a mess, her using a bit too much teeth in the blowjob for him it to actually be comfortable, and him being too embarrassed to pull her off as she gnawed on his dick. Somewhere along the way his dick went limp, and she disappointed. They agreed to just keep making out in an attempt to salvage the rest of the night.

But those kisses weren’t like the way Demetrius was kissing him now. When Jeremy pulls, Demetrius pushes in return, and when Jeremy angles his head just so, Demetrius angles his head the opposite to deepen the kiss, matching Jeremy’s motions with flawless efficiency. It’s every bit as passionate, but there’s something fiercer, hungrier underlying every touch of their lips and slip of their tongues, and Jeremy wants to find out what that is as he licks at Demetrius’ plump bottom lip.

Jeremy thinks he’s starting to get the hang of kissing Demetrius, but like most things, finds out he’s wrong the moment Demetrius presses himself even harder against him, hands groping under Jeremy’s ass, and grinds. The action startles him enough to break the kiss, head jerking away as he moans. Taking that as an invitation, Demetrius’ lips explore Jeremy’s exposed neck, nipping and sucking lightly at the skin there. Jeremy runs his hand through the dark tangles of Demetrius’ hair, pressing his head harder to his neck, just as Demetrius sucks a mark to his flesh, and he thinks how embarrassingly hot that is.

He gives a ragged gasp and juts down on Demetrius’ thigh, belatedly realizing that he’s aroused from just a series of stupid kisses, but his mind shoots fireworks in his brain when Demetrius grinds his hips against Jeremy’s, hard enough to rock him back on the balls of his feet. Jeremy tries, fails to hide the humiliating whimper that escapes his mouth. His chin drops on Demetrius’ shoulder and his hands fly to Demetrius’ back, fingers clutching at his shirt. Demetrius accommodates him by putting his heavier hands on Jeremy’s hips, steadying him as he continues to rock against him in long, languid thrusts, and fuck that’s good, so good.

There’s definitely a hardness in his pants and he’s one hundred percent sure Demetrius can feel it through his own jeans, which, would’ve ashamed him if he didn’t feel the same bulge reflected in Demetrius’ pants. Jeremy shudders and has to slide against Demetrius harder, faster. Blushing, Jeremy leans forward to rest his forehead against Demetrius’ shoulder, hips working furiously. Heat’s spreading all over his body, skin ridiculously hot and getting hotter as a palm slithers under his jersey and up his torso, touch searing a path all the way to his chest and burning its way down and up again. Fingers rub over his nipple and Jeremy nearly bites his tongue in surprise, instead jerks back, bends slightly at his knees, and brings his hips down solidly on Demetrius’ thigh.

Warm lips press at Jeremy’s ear. Demetrius’ voice is low, whispery, when asks, “Are you okay?”

Jeremy releases a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding, hot air condensing on Demetrius’ shoulder. He wills his muscles to untense in an effort to