his hands on his back ,trying to balance his weight on his screaming feet.

"Nothing."Harry fumbled through his jeans to produce the car keys.

"No tell me!"Zayn walked up to him slowly.His tone adamant.Harry sighed heavily,rolling his eyes.

"It's just that you only talk to me,when you feel like yelling at someone."He said almost nonchalantly. Zayn felt his heart drop.

"Me?You only talk to me when you feel like yelling!"The shorter lad fumed.He felt like he would explode any second now.Harry was so calm about the conversation,like he didn't care at all.

"Okay.I'll just go now."The older lad turned towards the door and headed towards the staircase. Zayn right behind him.

"You know what!It's not my fault,I am tired all the time,My feet hurt,My back hurts and I am the fattest thing on the planet."Zayn followed him down the stairs,yelling at the back of Harry's head.He placed one of his hands on the base of his stomach and the other one on the railing.

"Not my fault either!"Harry spoke indifferently,almost of off the stairs.

"See that's it!"Zayn yelled,anger hot in his veins.He stopped at the last step.

"What?"Zayn saw as the curly haired lad turned to look at him,agitation evident in his green eyes.

"You!"Zayn pointed at the older lad,accusingly.

"Me!"Harry huffed.A hint of incredulity in his posture. 

"Yes you!You promised me that you'll help me through this.Through it all!You said you would be there.You said you wouldn't get tired of me and I hate myself for believing you!I should've known!"Zayn spat,tears stinging at the back of his eyes.

"I did everything!Everything I could but you know it yourself!"Harry pulled onto his hair."It's hard to listen to all your words!You were the only thing in my life that kept me going and Now you're the one telling me how useless I am!It hurts but you don't get it!You are too self absorbed!You don't see me!My emotions,my feelings!"Harry's green eyes shone with tears.

Zayn felt as if a thousand daggers had unleashed themselves on him.He felt the first tears escape his eyes.

"You think I do it on purpose!I don't like it either!"He felt his breathing quicken.

"I am going,Zayn."Harry said nodding his head.

The curly haired lad turned to leave but he was soon interrupted in his path. Zayn shrieked as the first wave of pain rolled in his lower stomach.The raven haired lad felt something wet streaming down onto his legs.

Zayn felt suffocated with fear.He saw as Harry's gaze shifted from his face to his legs.The younger lad knew something was definitely wrong.Harry's face had contorted itself into an expression of utter horror. Zayn looked at his legs hesitantly.He wouldn't ever be ready for what he saw.Blood streaked through his trousers and pooled around his bare feet.

"Harry."He whispered almost to himself.The younger lad looked up at his boyfriend who was running up to him.It was like everything had slowed down for him. Zayn couldn't feel anything but fear.Sheer fear of losing the baby,of losing Harry and failing his life.It was too much for him.The intensity of the fear.He felt his legs buckle in front of him.

The last thing he felt was Harry's soft arms around his waist,before the fear got too much for him and he blacked out.

..........................................................................................................................................................................

The next time Zayn woke up,he was greeted by the broken sight of his boyfriend beside him.Harry's eyes were bloodshot,tears streaming down his cheeks.His usually flawless curly hair,an utter disheveled mess.His clothes were crumpled and his posture defeated.For a few seconds there,Zayn was confused about his surroundings.Where was he?Why was Harry crying?What was happening?Was his baby okay?

His baby!

Realization struck him like a tonne of bricks. Zayn felt the memories of him and Harry fighting and then the immensity of the pain that struck him.A cold shiver ran down his spine.Was his baby okay?

"Harry."He croaked,his voice coming out coarse.The green eyed lad jerked his head to look up at him.

"Oh my gosh,Zayn!"Harry reached his hands to cup the younger lads face,relief evident on his face.He ran one of his hands through Zayn's hair,the other still on his cheek.

"My baby!"That was the only thing Zayn could let out,before bursting into a series of sobs.

Zayn was told he could not really carry the baby,there were too many complications.He