Really… you don’t wanna leave me for being so pathetic; to be a virgin at my age?”

 

“Is that why you never said anything? I will never leave. If anything I will leave with you.” Yuri smiles at him.

 

“Yuri… I really love you. Do you know that?” He blushes and grabs Yuri’s hand. I trust him. I realize this now.

 

“I love you too.” Yuri blushes back.

 

“Then lets do it.” Victor blurts out.

 

“WHAT!!!” Yuri screams as his eyes widen and his mouth drops while his face is flushed with red. Looking at Victor he sees his face red as well and together they look like fire...

 

 

 

WARNING- Those with a FEAR OF BLOOD or squeamish mind-set. I must say DO NOT READ.

Among the silence and among the flames of embarrassment Yuri and Victor remain still. Time passes by and it seems like seconds turn to minutes while minutes turn to hours. The tension thickens the air making it almost tangible. Yuri reaches out almost hallucinating from what Victor said… I must have misheard him… does he really want me in that way? Impossible.

 

Just as his hand extends forward Victor grabs him and immediately breaks the silence.

 

“Lets skate” Victor pulls him from the middle of the ice, dragging his feet Yuri barely complies, hanging like a puppet on string.

 

Pulling him across the ice Victor pulls Yuri up bringing him closer and embracing Victor’s warmth Yuri’s frozen posture melts as his movements become more fluid. The two dance among the frosted air. They move effortlessly and flawlessly, you’d think they were performing for an audience, except they perform these moves for each other. Staring into each others eyes the entire time, with every spin, turn, and jump you catch their eyes on one another. The ice is being shredded by their superb techniques and small ice fragments scatter around. The ice is no match for the champions of ice skating as it wears down to its final layer. The heat between them rises and as they finish with Viktor falling into Yuri’s arms. Overcome with pure exhaustion the two collapse like sand onto the ice.

 

“You seriously are the only guy who makes me feel so nervous.” Yuri whispers to Victor as the two lay upon the chilled floor.

 

“Why is that?” 

 

“When you said what you said earlier… I was so happy and then I realized what you truly meant and I froze”

 

“Thats why I pulled you away. You looked like a part of you needed some comfort. What’s better comfort than doing the thing we love, Skating.”

 

“But were you serious about what you said?” 

 

“Yes. I keep replaying the moment when I said it and I just cannot think of what would have been better to say. I want to if you want to.” Victor smiles 

 

“Well what do you want to do? It is up to you.” He is so spontaneous. A few moments ago I feared he didn’t want that and now I am willing to teach him? How does he get me to change like this…

 

“Well… I am not sure. I mean I do have some idea of what I wanna try but—

 

“But what?” 

 

“It is stupid… I always liked the idea of ice —

 

“Ice play?” That is very kinky of him. Why do I feel aroused about that…

 

“I mean yea. I am always on ice and I always had ideas.”

 

“Ideas? What kind of ideas?” 

 

“Well I always had the idea of being pinned down and—

 

“And? So there is more you want?” Yuri flips Victor over onto the ice and bends down. Leaning in he gently presses their lips together as he enters his mouth and oddly all sound is suppressed around them as if time stopped and in this moment all they can hear is each other. Their tongues meet as the flavors of one another mixes into a taste beyond sweet. Yuri places both of Victor’s hands above his head directly on the ice, pinning him. Reaching below with his other hand he slowly reaches for Viktor’s shirt as he slides his hand under, his cold touch causes Victor’s body to flex, Yuri feels every muscle. Already sweating from just his touch, Viktor no longer feels the freezing touch of the ice on his body… instead he feels on fire like his body could melt any moment.

 

“Is this part of the and?” Yuri takes both their shirts off and he starts licking Victor’s chest… slowly at first, teasing him then he picks up the paste… arousing him. This feeling is new to Victor he has been aroused before but never like this… A feeling overcomes him as Yuri continues on his body and sounds start to seep out of Victor’s mouth. The cries of Viktor echo throughout the rink and Yuri’s pace decays as he feels Victor’s breathing increase. Breathing heavily Victor is relieved he has a moment to catch up with his body. Yuri reaches out and grabs a shard of ice, slipping