at Cass’s hand, looks at Cass; “Oh I don’t think that’s gonna be a problem.”

Dean grabs Cass’s arm twists it back and punches Cass in the face, “Dean.”

Cass puts his hand on Dean’s other shoulder. Dean brings his arm down on that arm, using the other to hit Cass in the face, attempting to hit Cass on his sides but Castiel blocks both hits. Dean lands another hit to his face, kneeing him in the stomach, throwing him into all the books. Dean turns around, starting to walk away.

“Dean.” Cass stands up, “Stop.”

Dean turns back around, walking towards Cass, hitting him. Cass turns Dean around, hugging him around his chest. Dean slams his head against Castiel’s, turning around kneeing him in the stomach, throwing him into the table by them.

Dean slams Castiel’s head against the table four times, throwing him to the ground. Dean turns Cass around, grabbing the angel blade from his trench coat, “No.” Dean grabs Castiel’s shirt, “No, Dean. Please. Zepp.” Dean slams the sword into the book next to Cass’s head, purposely missing.

Dean gets up and goes to the entrance, “You and Sam stay the hell away from me. Next time, I won’t miss.”

As Dean turns the corner he sees Zeppelin standing on the staircase; holding her little teddy bear, tears in her eyes.

“Daddy… Why do you have blood on you? Why was there so much yelling? I heard crashing. I heard you say to someone for them and Uncle Sammy to stay away, why?”

Dean stands there staring at his daughter, afraid; he doesn’t know what to do. How to keep her away from where Cass is, from what he had done; he did all of this while his daughter was here. He’s horrified. The mark is calm now. Seeing his daughter there scared snapped him from its crutches.

“Hi baby girl. Daddy’s okay. Me and Papa were just talking, everything’s alright though. I-uh.” He doesn’t know how to explain himself.

Zeppelin comes down from the stairs, running past Dean before he can stop her.

“Zepp! No stop! Don’t-“ It’s too late though, the damage is done.

“Papa! Papa, what happened? Papa!!” The little girl is sobbing. Dean runs up to her, pulling her to his chest. He feels like shit having his daughter see her other father beaten, and by him, though she doesn’t know.

“Baby it’s okay Papa’s fine see.” Cass stands, hiding the wince, though Dean winces. Zeppelin stares at Cass, taking him in. She runs to him, slamming into his side making Cass grunt.

“Papa why are you all bloody? Why is Daddy all bloody? Why was there all this yelling and crashing? I’m scared Papa.”

Dean stares at Castiel; sorrow, guilt, fear in his eyes.

“Baby, everything is okay. Nothing is going to hurt you. Daddy and I were just talking. It’s alright, little bug. Everyone is okay, I promise.” Though nothing is okay; Dean is still a ticking time bomb, Cass is hurt, and their daughter just saw the mass of it all.

“Why don’t we get you back to bed alright?” Cass stroke’s his daughter’s hair gently. “Okay Papa, will you read to me?”

“Of course baby.”

Zeppelin turns to Dean. Dean stiffens, looking at her, trying to seem normal. Zepp runs to him gripping his legs in her arms, “Goodnight Daddy, I love you.”

Dean gently pats her head, too afraid to do anything else,” Goodnight sweetheart, don’t let the bed bugs bite.”

Zeppelin lets go, taking her Papa’s hand, Castiel trying to not wince when he walks.

After Zeppelin is in bed, Cass comes out of her room to find Dean in the kitchen with a bottle of Jack.

“Cass…”

Cass just walks away, Dean running to get caught up to him. They go to their bedroom. Cass starts getting extra blankets and pillows out.

“Baby, my god. Cass- wait what are you doing?”

“You said to stay away from you, so, I’m gonna make a bed in a different room.”

Dean stares “Wait no, Cass- I didn’t mean that. I-baby, I’m sorry. I’m so fucking sorry. I shouldn’t have beaten you. I couldn’t help myself. God, and Zeppelin saw you there, beaten on the floor. Oh god. What if I did kill you? Zeppelin would have lost both her fathers. God. I- Fuck.”

Dean sits on the bed, shame filling his body. Cass looks at him, seeing how much shame he is carrying