, too.” 

“Okay, that’s not going to happen, like, ever.” Stiles muttered. “Derek doesn’t actually like me. He only kissed me as a dare, and then he just...” He gestured vaguely. “Ran off. He couldn’t wait to get away from me.” 

“So you’re an idiot.” Erica shook her head and turned around in her seat. “For what it’s worth, I’ve had a crush on you for the past few years, but I can see now that I’m not the type of person you want. You like bossy know-it-all types. That’s not me. That at least makes me feel better. But no, the reason why you’re stupid is because you’re hot and if you would maybe act a little more confident and stop staring at Lydia all the time, you’d probably have a girlfriend or a boyfriend. Now that you’re finally getting over her, you might have a chance.” She turned back around to face Stiles again, an annoyed expression on her face. “I should have phrased it differently, but it still holds true.” 

“Would you at least want to be friends with me?” Stiles asked cautiously, feeling awkward as he said it. “I wish you had said something to me sooner, about liking me.” 

“It wouldn’t have made a difference and you know it.” Erica protested. “But yes, we can be friends. And when you go shopping with that gift card, I want to go with you. I don’t want you buying more flannels or hoodies. You know what you should do? You should tell Lydia that if she wants to put her brain to use, she should come with us after school. Scott’s going to be busy with his girlfriend, anyway.” 

“Will you be nice to Lydia if she comes with us, since you think she’s a bitch?” Stiles couldn’t help smiling. Erica’s odd sense of humor was a lot like his and he could regret not spending time with her sooner, or he could be grateful that he had ended up signing up for the game and was talking to her now. “You know, I was going to be an observer.” He admitted. “But then Scott hit me and I bumped the mouse and it signed me up.” 

Erica laughed. “Are you serious? That’s great! You’re going to win, you know. I believe you will. I’ll try to be nice to her, but if she starts shit, I’m going to finish it, Stiles.” 

Stiles nodded. “That’s fair.” He agreed. “The question is, though, how am I going to get close enough to even ask her, now that I kind of humiliated myself to tell her that I don’t even like her that way anymore? Jackson’s like a fucking guard dog. If I even try to talk to Lydia, he’s going to lose his shit.” 

Erica smiled knowingly. “Then let him lose his shit, but get Scott to record it from his phone. And Allison from hers. And me from mine.” She rolled her eyes when their homeroom teacher told her to turn around and stop talking to Stiles. 

A few minutes later, Stiles finished studying his schedule and texted the list of his classes to Scott and Allison. “Hey, give me your phone number?” He asked Erica. “I can text you and let you know if or when I plan on talking to Lydia. You want to sit with us at lunch?” 

Erica wrote down her phone number for Stiles, not wanting someone else to overhear and save it in their own phone. She handed him the slip of paper. “Yeah, I’d like to. But I might not do that. I’ve been eating my lunch in the nurse’s office. I hate the cafeteria. The lights in there are fucked up and they keep blinking, and it causes me to have seizures.” 

“Then we’ll come to the nurse’s office and eat with you.” Stiles said quickly. “And I’ll call Scott’s mom and my dad and tell them that this school isn’t safe for you. My dad can probably find a law that the school is breaking by making the cafeteria an unsafe environment for you.” 

Erica stared at Stiles, then glanced toward the front of the room to make sure the teacher wasn’t paying attention. She got up from her seat and kissed Stiles’ cheek. “You’re so sweet.” She smiled hesitantly. “You don’t have to do that.” 

“I know. But I’m going to, anyway.” Stiles shrugged, making a face when his tattoo brushed against the sleeve of his shirt.

“Let me see?” Erica waited for permission, then tugged Stiles’ sleeve up and looked at the Batman logo on his bicep. “That’s so hot