. He watches Poe struggle and writhe between the ones holding his arms, trying to make enough of a problem for them to signal Finn without giving away that he’s there.

“Let go of me, you bucket-heads!” Poe shouts, and Finn winces as Poe’s lip is bloodied from the backhand. Finn knows what he’s doing, and he appreciates the gesture, but he can’t take much more of watching Poe get batted around.

“Shut him up!” replies the Officer, looking back towards their captive as he stalks over to Finn and Poe’s tent. He kicks at the side of it before looking in the window on top, growling when he doesn’t find anyone inside.

He commands the two free Stormtroopers to search the camp as he stands off by Poe, arms crossed behind him.

Finn’s patience is tested as they ransack the site, carelessly knocking over equipment and trampling all over the map of the next day’s activities Poe had lovingly and earnestly laid out in the sand near the fire.

One of the Stormtroopers finally exits the tent holding two sleeping bags, and the Officer turns slowly to stare down at Poe, who shrugs.

“I get cold.”

As he’s answering the unspoken question, the other Stormtrooper returns from searching the rest of the camp with two caf mugs and two toothbrushes.

The Officer turns to look down at Poe, knuckles audibly cracking at his sides.

“Get thirsty, too?”

Poe holds his mouth shut this time as he stares up at the Officer with defiance and an infinitesimal hint of fear in his eyes.

“Find his ship,” the Officer commands, gesturing to the pair of Stormtroopers. “And run a facial scan. I’ve seen this scum’s face before.”

Poe bites his bottom lip and squares his shoulders, eyes darting through the woods inconspicuously looking for any sign of Finn. Hoping, praying to the Force that he’s okay. That they don’t find him and drag them both back to the suffocating clutches of the First Order.

Finn watches the scene from above, having learned in real time how adept he was at climbing trees. He scrapes the hints of sap off of his hands and onto his pants, already sadly stained beyond recognition from the inescapable grime of nature.

The Officer’s belt beeps and he reaches his hand down, pulling back a small holo pad that glows blue, even in the morning sunlight. Poe sees a holographic image of his own face turning in the readout, the original picture having been taken as he was detained on the troop transport following his capture on Jakku.

“I knew I recognized you,” the Officer says, his smile clear even underneath his helmet. “You’re that skrog who gave Lord Ren a drukload of problems when you and that defective Stormtrooper escaped custody.”

“Hm. Doesn’t sound like me,” Poe replied, feigning confidence.

“Ha! We’ll see. I’m sure Lord Ren would be delighted to speak with you either way, Poe Dameron. I’m assuming that defective Stormtrooper is the one bunking down here with you? Where do you suppose he’s gotten off to, then?”

Finn spots a nest a couple dozen feet above his current position and he climbs towards it, nearly falling backwards as a matte black geejaw snaps at his face to meet him. Keeping his distance, he assesses the area, spotting what has to be hundreds of geejaw nests. He looks down at the Officer crowding into Poe’s face, gripping the pilot’s jaw with a firm hand. He hears the Officer use Poe’s name and he acts quickly.

“POE!” he shouts from the trees above the campsite. “POE! POE! POE!”

The Stormtroopers reach for their blasters, looking around the thick border of trees in panic.

For a moment, Finn thinks his plan fizzled out before it even got off the ground. He’s already thinking of his next move when the first geejaw cries out.

“POE! POE! POE! POE! POE!”

Their mimicry is imperfect, each repetition sounding more like a “PAW” than “POE”, but within seconds the trees around Finn begin to shake with the weight of geejaw leaving their nests. A chorus of “POE!” rises among them, almost deafening from where Finn is perched. He slowly crawls his way down the tree as they grow in amount and volume, until the sky above the campsite is nearly blackened with the sheer number of them.

Finn can’t hear what anyone on the ground is saying, but he does get a quick glimpse of Poe, who is smiling.

The Officer makes a quick gesture with his hand, one that Finn instantly recognizes as ‘split up and rendezvous back at the ship’, and he watches as the Officer heads off in one direction, with the two Stormtroopers hurriedly dragging Poe away another. There are still two Stormtroopers unaccounted for, the ones who had been sent to look for the Resistance ship.

He hits the ground softly, not relying on the cacophony of birds to hide him