as they stood up when lecture was let out.

               “Parties aren’t my scene,” Chanyeol shrugged. “Plus, it was a Thursday – you do realize most people don’t still party on Thursdays.”

               “Thirsty Thursday, man,” Baekhyun laughed loudly. “Plus, we’re going to be seniors – and it’s the summer! Why wouldn’t we party it up every chance we get?”

               “Because we’re still in school?” Chanyeol fired back.

               “You’re too serious,” Baekhyun laughed again before dragging Chanyeol out by the hand. With such a small, feisty boy dragging him along by the wrist, and his own little secret, Chanyeol couldn’t help blushing to himself about what a push over he really was. Tiny, aggressive boys apparently seemed to be his weakness since he could never tell Baekhyun ‘no’ (to things that weren’t parties and alcohol) and let him drag him around like his own personal doll. “I hope they have pizza today,” the redhead said suddenly as they neared the only dining hall that was opened during the summer and that happened to be all the way across campus from their class. “I haven’t had pizza in ages.”

               “I want Pad Thai,” Chanyeol said after a moment, “Or Pho.”

               “Pho? Dude, it’s like ninety degrees out,” Baekhyun poked at his tank top that was hanging off his lanky frame. “Soup is way too hot for summer.”

               “Fine, then noodles,” Chanyeol grumbled and followed the smaller into the building. They each swiped through and went to find their typical table for Fridays. Baekhyun suddenly stopped dead, nearly making Chanyeol run into him. “Aiy- Baekhyun, what the heck?” Chanyeol scowled at him.

               “Wh-why is Jongdae sitting with our friends?” Baekhyun turned, whispering in panic.

               Chanyeol squinted, looking over at their usual table that had all the familiar faces he was used to, plus one extra. He grinned to himself as he took in the boy Baekhyun was pining over – he was cute, with strong features that reminded Chanyeol of a cat and dusty blonde hair. “Maybe he knows Minseok,” Chanyeol said, nodding at the fact that said blonde boy was laughing loudly at something their small friend had said.

               “Jeez, why’d he have to be here today?” Baekhyun whined. “I don’t look cute! And I have a headache from yesterday and this shirt hasn’t been washed in like three days and-”

               “It’ll be fine,” Chanyeol chuckled, shoving Baekhyun forward. “Hey guys,” Chanyeol grinned and waved at their friends.

               Minseok looked up and waved back at him while Yixing and Luhan barely glanced up from the video they were watching on their phone, giggling to each other and whispering in Mandarin Chanyeol could vaguely pick up. “Hey guys, this is Jongdae,” Minseok said in his quiet voice, motioning to the blonde sitting beside him.

               “Baekhyun!” Jongdae grinned at the redhead who sat down awkwardly on his other side. Chanyeol said down slowly next to Yixing, wincing only slightly as he felt the plug pushed deeper inside himself. “How are you?”

               “I’m good,” Baekhyun nodded in greeting. “I didn’t know you knew Minseok.”

               “We’re in Orgo together,” Minseok shrugged.

               “I’m in Romanticism with Baekhyun,” Jongdae hummed to Minseok’s confused look directed at Baekhyun.

               “I’m Chanyeol,” Chanyeol said, reaching across Baekhyun to shake the boy’s hand; he really was cute, almost as cute as Nini or Sehun. Chanyeol liked how the corners of his mouth tilted upwards even when he wasn’t smiling. “Nice to meet you.”

               “Nice to meet you too,” Jongdae said happily.

               Chanyeol let his friend’s conversations blend into the background of his mind as he pulled out his notebook and began looking over notes, comparing what they had learned today with his test. It seemed that he had simply screwed up a few key grammar points, as well as fucked up his spelling way too many times. He had been pretty tired the day of the test, but hadn’t wanted to bring it up to his daddy in case he said they would never have playtime during school nights again or something. Chanyeol tapped his pen nervously as he mouthed words over to himself, trying to engrain the key sentences of the chapter into his mind. “Do you like Rilakkuma?” Chanyeol blinked and glanced up at Jongdae who was staring at him. He looked down at the notebook he had open that was covered in the cute bear and the pen he had bought that also sported the character.

               “Yeah,” Chanyeol laughed, trying to brush it off.

               “Chanyeol loves cute things,” Baekhyun butted in, obviously not liking Jongdae’s attention being diverted from himself. “He has tons of stuffed animals in his room!”

               “Really?” Jongdae blinked at him before grinning widely. “I love Rilakkuma too! I have a bunch of them, but I’d never seen notebooks or