boy who later, somehow, had managed to worm his way into the most intense of situations, calming Keith’s ever-burning anger down in ways that nobody else could, who had somehow managed to make his heart thump so hard, it felt like it would fall out of his chest and he had rushed to Coran, declaring a medical emergency.

(Coran laughed, told him he was fine and that he’d figure it out soon enough. In retrospect, months probably meant nothing in the grand scheme of time to him.)

Lance was the first to make a move, kissing him on impulse after a stressful mission. Keith swore heart split in two as Lance’s lips crashed against his own, half of him ecstatic about being kissed by his crush, the other in crisis, asking himself if this was how Lance really felt. He avoided him for three days following the incident, doubt peppering his brain, only interrupted by his streak by Pidge shoving Lance into his room and yelling for the two of them to, as she said, “sort their shit out.”

Keith had planned on directly asking about the kiss, had planned on delving further into Lance’s feelings before revealing any of his own. But he lost control of train of thought as soon as he opened his mouth, his tongue clicking against his teeth and lips moving in ways that he hadn’t commanded, truths that he hadn’t wanted to say aloud just yet sacrificed to mend the rift between them. He had expected Lance to brush off his actions, to respectfully reject Keith’s affections for him. He hadn’t expected Lance to feel the same way. He hadn’t expected for the intensity of his love to rival Keith’s own. And he hadn’t expected for them to still be together nearly four years after that initial kiss.

“Did you bring them?” Pidge asks Lance, snapping Keith out of his reminiscence.

He nods, showing her the box in his hand. It’s a thin, black thing with a plastic lid. A set of ribbons is lays inside: all black, all with a magnetic strip near one end. Gingerly, each person standing behind the door chooses one and attaches it to their chest. Keith is the last to take from the bunch. When he does, his finger brushes against the satin.

It feels heavier than anything else he’s ever held before. Biting his lip, he attaches it to the armor, the magnet hitting his shell with a solid clink. The crowd behind the door is getting louder and louder, and he knows that it’s almost time. Allura glances at him and nods, signaling that it’s time for them to go out. Keith instantly misses the pressure as Lance slides his hand away; now, he’s more exposed. He doesn’t like it.

Still, he has to do this. He has no choice, for this is the role he has grown into.

Allura heads through the door. Keith allows for a considerable space to grow between them before he heads out, Hunk wishing him luck before he takes the stage; Lance, Hunk, Pidge, and Coran follow behind him. The stage is massive, so big that Keith feels like it’ll swallow him whole if he steps the wrong way on it, with chairs set to the side for each speaker to sit in.

Though great hall is filled to the brim with guests—Keith can’t even see the floor—he manages to spot Matt and Sam Holt in the crowd, beverages already in their hands. Idly, he wonders how drunk Pidge is probably going to get with them later, how they’ll cheerily talk about their old memories of home, filling the room with laughter and hope for the future.

All chatter halts as Allura adjusts the microphone and begins to speak about Altea, about her past with the Galra empire. She’s frank about her struggles, about how hard it is to wake up after ten thousand years knowing that you’re the last of your kind. About how everyone needs to work together to assure their newly found peace. Keith knows that he’ll be saying some of the same things—it’s almost expected in an event with multiple speeches like this—so he tunes her out, choosing instead to run through parts of his speech in his head. By the time she finishes speaking, he’s so absorbed in his thoughts that he nearly misses his cue. The crowd explodes in applause and cheers, and he prays that his speech can at least be just as good as hers. Allura steps down, offers him a pat on the shoulder, and flashes him a small smile of encouragement.

“You’ll be okay,” she whispers as the noise dies down again, sensing his apprehension. “Just like we rehearsed, right?”

Not just rehearsed, he thinks. You edited the speech for me because I had so much trouble getting my thoughts together. 

Even still, he knows that how he delivers it will make all the difference. He thinks of how Shiro could