when Harry begins backing away.  “We’re leaving, Liam.”  “Leaving?  But, the celebration, it hasn’t even–”  “Now!” Harry shouts, the sheer volume of his voice frightening everyone.  Liam immediately runs to his brother’s side, giving Niall a surprised look.  “I can’t believe you’re a prince, after all this time!  Were you ever going to tell us?”  “I see no point in that, brother.  He’s shown everyone what he truly is tonight,” Harry says, contemptuous, “a coward.”  Harry grabs Liam by his arm and walks away, taking long strides towards the bridge that leads to the stables.  Niall tries to run after him but Ivan and Zayn catch him in time, their combined strength rendering him motionless.  “Harry!” Niall sobs, “Harry, please, I’m sorry!  I meant you no harm, I swear!”  “Your Highness, there’s nothing you can do!  Let him go!” Ivan pleads with him, but Niall still fights back, screaming for Harry even as his horse gallops into the night.  —  “Who is he!?  How did he manage an invite to tonight’s celebration!?”  Niall’s father frantically paces around his study, his voice echoing through the walls of the room.  Zayn sits in the corner with a distraught Niall, rubbing his back to keep him calm.  “Th-The boy’s name is Harry, Your Majesty,” Ivan answers nervously.  “He and his adoptive brother won the tournament earlier this week, Captain Tomlinson personally invited them to take his place for the night.”  Niall squeezes his eyes shut and dreams of the last night he went to see Harry.  He pictures himself asking Harry to run away with him, to another country or wherever they can call home.  They could go to France and live in the countryside, raise farm animals and grow vegetables to eat, but Niall finds no use in dreams like these if Harry isn’t with him.  “What else of these brothers?  What is Harry’s relationship with my son?”  “They are farm hands, sire, they supply us with food for the horses.  Harry is–” Ivan stops and Niall stares at him, eyes widened in fear of his secret being revealed.  “He is an acquaintance.  I know no more than that.”  “I find I don’t believe you, Ivan,” Niall’s father calmly remarks.  “Zayn?”  Zayn sits up in surprise, looking between Niall and Ivan for guidance.  “I know nothing of this Harry, Your Majesty.  Tonight is the first I’ve seen of him.”  “If I find either of you are deceiving me–”  “They aren’t, Father,” Niall manages to say, hiccuping when he breathes in, “leave them be.”  After a long pause, Niall’s father lets out an exasperated sigh, making all but Niall leave the room.  The door clicks shut and Niall runs to the table nearby, filling an empty glass full of whiskey, drinking it all at once before he sinks to his knees, whispering his apologies to a Harry that no longer loves him.  —  The long, grueling days turn into weeks, and Niall shuns everyone away from him, including his father.  But soon the darkness of his bedroom becomes too much, his depression over Harry leaving his body weak and heavy.  The day he musters up enough strength to get on his feet, he emerges through the castle doors, and walks past a surprised Ivan in the stables as if nothing happened.  He finds Theia in the last stall, her nose nuzzling him when he hugs her.  “It’s been a while, I know.  But I need you now,” he gently whispers in her ear.  She nods her head and Niall takes her out, heading straight for the farm without hesitation.  When he gets there, Liam is outside of the barn, frantically waving his hands around and struggling to keep the barn doors shut before he meets Niall face to face.  “Niall, er—Prince James!  What a surprise,” Liam fakes a laugh, eyes wide.  “I want to see him.”  The doors behind Liam squeak from the breeze of the wind, Niall’s heart jumping when he thinks he sees Harry behind a dirty window.  He keeps his eyes focused on the mirage, steadying his breathing when he tries to speak again.  “Please, Liam, I know he’s here.”  Liam shifts his feet around, looking at Niall with a stern expression.  “Do you really think I’d let you?” he says angrily.  “I don’t know what it is you’ve done to my brother and I will not ask.  But for his sake, you are no longer welcome here.”  “Then lie to me and tell me he’s all right,” his voice cracks.  “Tell me he doesn’t think of me and I’ll never bother you again.”  Liam stares at Niall in disbelief, unsure of how to take in his words.  Niall hasn’t