’s stupid, you’ve always liked biking in the hills. You don’t need to-”

“Sakamichi.” Manami said his name quietly but Onoda instantly quieted and looked up at him. “I look at the hills like that because they feel like home.” 

“Oh.” It was the only response Onoda could think of. Honestly he hadn’t expected that to be the answer. 

“You also feel like home.” Between that and the light kiss Manami pressed to his forehead as he walked past Onoda to the kitchen Onoda had to take a few deep breaths to remove the colour from his face. 

It was several weeks and many more sightings of Manami’s wings during mundane things, doing laundry, just after waking up, while they were shopping, that caused Onoda to rethink and rephrase his question. It slipped out one day while they were cleaning the kitchen and Onoda saw Manami’s wings out of the corner of his eyes. 

“Your wings show up when you’re not racing.” It wasn’t exactly a question but it had the same inflection as one so it wasn’t exactly a statement either. 

“I suppose they do.” Manami nodded stretching and looking over at Onoda with a smile. “They make me stronger.”

It wasn’t really an answer but Onoda nodded and turned back to his portion of the cleaning. Currently it was more important to him that they be able to cook supper that night than for him to know exactly what was going on with Manami’s wings. 

A handful of weeks later while they were out and about someone called out something that Onoda didn’t hear the exact words of. The gist was rude though and Manami disappeared from his side just long enough to say something Onoda didn’t even hear the gist of to the one who’d called out something rude. Manami was back at his side and ushering him along quickly but not quickly enough that he didn’t see how pale and shakey the person he’d spoken to looked. 

“What did you say to him?” Onoda said glancing back one last time before the man disappeared into the crowd. 

“Nothing really.” Manami shrugged the same slow and wide grin as usual appearing on his face. “Just explained that being rude is rarely a good idea.”

Onoda frowned glancing back again though there was no hope of seeing him again in the crowd. 

Over the next week or so Onoda tried to ignore the creeping doubt in his mind. He didn’t like thinking badly of people he liked but he couldn’t forget the look on the man’s face as Manami had walked away. 

The next question he asked grew largely from the place where his doubt clashed in his mind with his feelings for Manami. This question was closer to the one he’d meant to ask in the first place. It was in some ways much truer than most questions he asked of Manami. 

Unlike the first question this one didn’t slip out so much as explode out. Someone had said something Manami hadn’t liked and Onoda had looked at the right time and caught a glance of Manami’s face. The way horns seemed to sprout and his eyes narrowed. The horns, like the wings, disappeared as soon as Manami noticed Onoda’s gaze. 

“What are you?” It felt like the words had exploded out of Onoda’s mouth but he wasn’t even certain Manami heard them at first. He wasn’t certain until Manami shook his head jst slightly. 

“This isn’t the place to answer that.” Manami shrugged and this time his smile looked strained, just a little. It wasn’t a look Onoda liked, he liked even less that he was the reason for it.

Several days later they went out for a bike ride. By this point Onoda was nearly convinced Manami had forgotten his question. Manami turned off their usual path onto one that very clearly had a no biking sign at it’s entrance. 

“Manami it says no bikes.” Onoda called out, there was no way Manami hadn’t seen it but Onoda would pretend like there was a possibility anyway. 

“It’s fine, I know this path.” Manami shook his head slightly and Onoda sighed, that really wasn’t the point. 

The path curved away from the buildings and into greenery Onoda hadn’t realized even existed in the city. The path was lined with trees and ivy hung between them. Onoda hardly even noticed when they stopped and leaned their bikes against a tree. He was to busy trying to take in all the green, it felt as though he’d never seen this much green before. 

“Sakamichi?” That was all it took for the world to snap into focus in front of Onoda. The Manami who stood in front of him had large blue wings and a small set of horns on his forehead. His eyes looked different too and it took a moment for Onoda to realize the pupil was a different shape. “Please don’t be upset?”

“What are you?” This time the words felt like a breath and Onoda