a laugh at that and finally started to relax. "I get that. Mom said they were having a few people over. I think something got lost in translation. Or she was excited. I honestly have no idea."

"Excited?"

Shiro dropped his hand from Lance's cheek, suddenly looking embarrassed. It was kind of adorable. Lance fought back a smile and dropped his own hand to thread his fingers through Shiro's at their sides. 

Shiro ducked his head, but the flush on his own cheeks was still visible even in the dim light. "I've never really brought anyone home before."

The words Lance had been planning to say died in his throat. "Wait, what?"

"Yeah, well, I've just.. I've never..."

Lance decided turnabout was fair play and reached up with his free hand to coax Shiro to look at him. "What about Miss Perfect downstairs?"

Shiro frowned for a moment before his expression lightened into understanding. "Who, Marissa? We went to high school together. Our mothers were best friends. That was more convenience than anything else, looking back. I haven't even seen her in years." He suddenly went still and the intensity was back. "Wait, is that what you were upset about? Because seriously, no."

"No, yes, maybe, I don't know." Lance released Shiro's cheek and took a step back, needing some distance to regain his composure. "I just... I don't know what to say to people."

Shiro huffed out a laugh. One hand shot up to cover his mouth, like maybe he hadn't meant to do that. Lance rolled his eyes and took another step back, one arm hugging his thin shirt over his chest defensively. "Just go ahead and get it out of your system."

Shiro followed him, tightening the grip on his fingers and closing the space between them until they were almost but not quite touching. "It's no fun if you're expecting it." Lance smacked him lightly in the arm, earning a smile. "Seriously, though, I've never seen you this nervous around people and you were fine with my mom and dad. What's bothering you so much?"

Lance sighed and leaned into the solid planes of Shiro's chest. "I don't know. I feel like everyone's judging me. I mean, you're perfect and I'm me, so I see the point, but-"

"Lance, stop." Lance obeyed, mostly because the end of that thought was too depressing to voice. Instead he leaned closer and used the movement to hide his face. He half-expected Shiro to make him look up again, but instead the other man just loosely wrapped his arms around Lance's waist. "I'm not going to lie and say no one is judging you, because hell, they judge me all the time. I'm just used to it." He paused, and for once Lance didn't feel any need to fill the silence. Instead he turned his face into Shiro's neck, taking a minute to just absorb the calm, quiet reality of him. Shiro sighed and rested cheek against Lance's forehead. "Besides, since when do you care if people are judging you? I pretty clearly remember you standing on a chair at Starbucks and singing show tunes so Shay and Hunk could dance."

Lance laughed at the memory and pressed an apologetic kiss to Shiro's throat. "That was different. Those were strangers. What they thought of me didn't matter."

"And these strangers do?"

"Yes, Shiro, because they're in your parents' house. That makes this different." Lance leaned back slightly and regarded his boyfriend with an expression that was probably exasperated, because Shiro just laughed softly and dropped his forehead down to rest on Lance's. 

"Stop stressing, baby. My parents liked you. I love you. So fuck everyone else."

Lance smiled at that and reached his arms around Shiro's neck to tug on his short hair. "You're ridiculous."

"I'm right, though." They stayed like that for another minute before Shiro pulled back enough to look him in the eyes again. "Seriously, do you know what people see when they look at you?"

Lance squirmed uncomfortably and burrowed a bit more tightly into Shiro's arms. "A Latino kid who got lucky?" He didn't even try to stop the sarcasm from bleeding into his voice.

"No," Shiro answered quietly, pausing to press a kiss against the top of his head. "Lance, you're beautiful. You have a smile that can light up a room and an amazing laugh. You're funny, strong, hard-working, stubborn, smart, loyal, a great friend, a pain in the ass, sometimes, but still the most amazing person I've ever met."

Lance sighed, not about to admit that the words