his bath quarters shirtless, laughing along with Zayn. "Have some wine did you?"

Zayn props himself up on his elbows, trailing his eyes over Liam's form. "Yes. What of it?" he says seriously.

Liam laughs again, coming to lie down next to Zayn. "Nothing Zayn, go to sleep. You'll feel it in the morning."

Liam extinguishes the only candle and then pulls his sheets up to his liking. He feels Zayn tossing and then suddenly a body is straddling his waist. 

Breathless Liam grabs onto Zayn's hips, steadying him. Zayn leans down, his lips an inch above Liam's. "You're beautiful" he whispers. 

Liam leans up and connects their lips, softly and unsure. It's their first kiss. Both of them inexperienced and it tastes of wine but when they part naturally Zayn slides off to the side. A breathless laugh leaving his lips as his eyes fall shut. "Goodnight Liam" he mutters, throwing an arm across the Prince's waist.

His soft breathing fills the room but Liam's eyes are wide open. He finally falls asleep, his fingers against his mouth reverently. Hoping that tonight wasn't a dream. 

 

///

 

When he wakes up that morning Zayn is gone. The bed no longer warm from his presence, he searches the servant's quarters in only his bed sleep pants. Ripping through the palace trying to find his friend. The last place he thinks to look is where he finds him. Legs swinging down from the top level of the stable, Liam climbs the ladder and then plops down next to him. Zayn radiating shyness and embarrassment. 

"Good morning" Zayn supplies, not looking to Liam at all.

"Was it?" Liam asks 

Zayn whips his head toward him then, face confused. 

Liam turns his own head then, looking out the window to the sky. "Tell me what you see there." he asks of Zayn.

Zayn rolls his eyes but looks as well "The sun rising, horses grazing, birds flying. I don't know what you mean of this Liam."

Liam faces him once more, grabbing Zayn's hand and interlocking their fingers. "We are in the light of day and I still want you. I want you at all times Zayn."

Zayn squeezes his hand tightly, then lifts his chin to Liam. A ghost of a smile flickers across his face, bringing one of Liam's as well. Zayn huffs out a laugh and then uses his free hand to bring Liam closer, connecting their mouths in a sweet second kiss. 

When they pull apart, they're both smiling. "I wish we could do that all day" Zayn says quietly. Liam leans him down onto the hay covered floor. "Why can't we?" Liam asks, eyes gleaming with happiness, and then leans down, covering Zayn's mouth with his own.

 

///

 

They sneak away much more after that. In the mornings after breakfast. During riding practices they find a covered meadow and practice their kissing instead. And still at night Zayn will slip from his chambers into Liam's 

This day, Liam can tell that something is upsetting Zayn. He's nervous and shaky and will not make eye contact with him at all during the day. Liam's genuinely surprised with Zayn comes into his room later that night, head down.

He pulls Zayn to him, smothering his face and neck with light kisses until Zayn looks up. Liam opens his mouth to ask what has been wrong but Zayn beats him to it. "I love you" he says, quiet but steady. "I love you Liam."

Liam's face goes into a heavy smile of it's own accord. He pulls Zayn even closer and buries his face into his neck. "Is this what has had you so worried all day?"

Zayn shakes his head and Liam is confused until Zayn presses a small vial of oil into Liam's hands and moves to lie on the bed. "I want you."

Liam flushes, his mouth watering. "Are you sure?" he questions as he rolls the bottle between his fingers. 

Zayn pulls off his nightclothes quickly and gives Liam a succinct "Yes".

Liam nods, shucking his own sleepwear, and moving up Zayn's body. Their skin kisses as their mouths do, he breathes an "I love you" over and over into Zayn's mouth as they move, and that night Liam takes Zayn as he always hoped he would. Mind, body, and soul. 

 

///

 

Four years later is when their relationship gets dowsed in reality. 

Zayn has just snuck out of Liam's bed and hidden in his bath chambers when the King walks in. "Liam m'boy." He pats his son on the the shoulder. "I have excellent news. King Patros and I have spoken and it has been agreed that you and his daughter will marry." He turns away like he hasn't just dropped a bomb onto his son's life. "You will leave tomorrow morning to