I don’t know Zayn..” he mumbled. Zayn shaked his head slowly.
”Please, i tried so hard to have this courage to come here.” i breathed out. ” But it’s not the only problem Liam.  It’s not only about see you anywhere.  These are about the memories we have or had.  Every part in this city, every street, every corner remind me of you”
”Zayn, i’m sorry…” he mumbled without looking into my eyes. I shushed him with my finger that suddenly touched his lips. He looked at me confused and i took my hand so fast as if i touched fire.
”Remember what i said before.”  i muttered. ” Don’t be sorry. I know it’s not only your fault. It’s just everything here had a meaning with you.  Now i feel so lost without you. I feel like i’m falling to pieces. I try so hard to ignore my memories, my thougts or feelings but it’s hard to ignore them as i’m alive…”
I paused for a second.
”If someone sees me on the street he’ll think i’m alive.  But when i ask myself i don’t feel like i’m alive.   I felt like thre’s something heavy on my chest. Something that doesn’t let me  breathe Liam. I just feel one emotion: Pain.  I wake up and feel the pain, i walk i feel the pain. When i sleep i have nightmares that give me pain. I don’t know how to survive…” he sniffed.  He didn’t notice he was crying till now.
Zayn wiped teardrops with his hands. ”Only pain but nothing, can you imagine it Liam?”
”Zayn, please…” Liam mumbled he was crying too.
Zayn smiled again. ”You know Liam hen i first saw you, you were reading a book in the library.  I was mermerised by you. You looked so innocent and so beautiful. You still are. I stood there and watched you for a few good minutes before i could move.”
”You  never told me that before…” his eyes widened.
”Do you remember the first time we met Liam?” ”Yeah” he answered ”We were at the cafeteria. You pointed my book and asked me if i liked the book and we began to chat…”
”Yeap” Zayn said and smirked ” What you didn’t know is, it was the book you read in the library.” Liam’s mouth opened wide. Zayn kept on talking. ”  ı got the name of the book and read it. I even read the analyses of it and searched every chracter of it only to have chance for a little conversation with you which i managed…”
Zayn sipped from the water again  before continoue his speech.
”You never told me Zayn. Why didn’t you?”
”It’s so stupid because i wanted to be cool Liam. I wanted you to like me. You didn’t know how long i’ve been in love with you. I fell in love with you before  you met me. I just pretended that  i wasn’t until you told me you have feelings for me…”
Liams eyes were searching for Zayns. They were full of questions. ” You know why Liam. You don’t need to ask. Because i loved you first.” Zayn looked into his eyes.
”I loved you before we meet, i loved you when we were together,  i loved you when you broke up with me, i loved you when i was waiting for you to come back to me, i loved you even when i don’t feel alive anyymore, i guess i’m gonna i2m gonna love you when my heart stops beating” which is gonna happen too soon he thought ”You knıw Liam, i even loved you when i see you holding hands with her and still gonna love you even i know you’re gonna marry with her soon…”
Liam stood up and held his head between his hands.
”How you know that Zayn?”  he said a bit loudly.
”You know we live in  a small town Liam” Zayn said trying to smile but he knew he wasn’t successful.
”The news here are spreading faster than viruses you know?”
”I’m sorry Zayn maybe i must have been the one who told you that”
”Do you love her Liam?” he bursted out.
”I..” he began and took a deep breathe ” to be honest i do. I loved you too but it just didn’t work out. We just have this life. I had to move on”
”Does she love you?” Zayn asked curiously.
”I know she does. It’s better for us. Believe me you’re gonna find someone better than…”
”Don’t dare to finish Liam! I’m not a child. I don’t and never wanna have anyone better than you.  I just wanted you more than anything i want in my life. I wanted to be