against the slick black floors of said masters hive. Now he was this random trolls bitch, and the sparks he always emitted were now flying off with full force. He felt the foot slide his stomach and he tried desperately to claw the leg pinning him there. He didn't want this, he didn't want ANY of this. He felt the heel of the crazy trolls foot press on two of his squirming bulges. Zane couldn't help himself and moaned loudly. He quickly snapped his jaw shut as whoever it was got on his knees and grabbed Zane by the hips. He jerked the smaller and weaker trolls hips up before pressing his lips to Zanes nook and happily sliding a tongue into the folds. Zane's moaned quickly got louder, and more desperate. He grabbed the other troll by the horns and slammed his face into his aching nook. He whimpered as both hands were smacked away and the troll straightened up. "B-BuT... P-Please?" Zane managed as his legs were wrapped around the other trolls waist. "sAy My MoThEr FuCkInG nAmE. gAmZeE." Snarled the Purple blooded troll as he wrapped both hands around the smaller and weaker trolls neck. He slid his large bulge against the other trolls nook, and kissed him on the forehead. "O-OH! AH~ G-Gamzee" He whimpered, making noises of pleasure. He almost screamed when a bulge to big for him was rammed half way into his tight nook. "FUCKING LOUDER, WHORE" Gamzee yelled, slapping him. He bit his lip as the other Troll yelled in pain and pleasure. "OH FUCK! GAMZEE!" Zane cried out, grabbing the larger trolls shoulder and flicking out his forked tongue. Gamzee smirked triumphantly and grabbed Zane by the hips before slowly rocking back and forth. He knew he was hurting the smaller, younger troll. He didn't much care, and he bit him on the shoulder. The sight of Plum colored blood excited him, and the taste was even better. He slid his purple tongue along the bite mark, before switching shoulders and giving him another vicious bite. He loved the sound of the young troll crying out and bucking against him. "Oh! OH- AH AH!!!~~ Fuck! OH FUCK! P-Please, NO! N-NoT The, M-My-" Zane was trying to protest against the biting, and especially the bulge ripping his nook apart. Gamzee slid his tongue over the poor boys cheek, smirking. He slammed him against the ground, the Plum coming from his nook hard to distinguish between the blood and the slime. Zane knew exactly which one it was, and he bucked harder against the other Troll. He was almost screaming in pleasure as he suddenly wrapped legs around a thin waist and held on tight. His nook spasmed and drooled Plum colored Genetic Material as he claws at Gamzee out of fear and pleasure with his eyes Rolling. Gamzee didn't stop and instead tilted his hips up more, and quickly grabbed him by his waist. He paused, and than slammed forward and jerked the smaller troll back. He could have listened to the screams the boy let out for hours, much better than the puny whimpers The Grand Highblood (The Grand Hoebitch) had let out during similar activities. He groaned as his Bulge spilled purple slime into the young troll, and he grabbed him by the shoulders with a hiss. "Oh FuCk, FuCk. YoU lIkE tHaT dOn'T yOu WhOrE?" He hissed in Zanes ear, smirking at the nod. Zanes eyes had all of the life taken out of them, and his forked tongue hung from his mouth limply. He could feel the hard ground against his still clothes back. He kicked his fishnet stocking legs and whimpered. "L-LeT Me G-Go, You... I-IdIoT..." Zane whispered, and than screamed as the bulge thrashed inside his sensitive nook. He heard a chuckle in his ear, and than a tongue slide over his fin which made him shudder. "No. YoU aRe My MoThEr FuCkInG wHoRe, got it?" Gamzee growled, raking his claws down the poor Sea Dweller side. He rubbed his palm roughly over the gills as Zane gurgled his agreement. He smirked and kissed his forehead before pulling his bulge from the engorged nook. He grabbed Zane by the hips again and lifted his lower half higher until he could blow teasing on the sore part of the poor kid. He pressed small kisses on the nook and than slid his tongue into it with a soft growl. "WhAtS mY nAmE wHoRe?" Gamzee purred, pushing his tongue into the gaping nook and teasingly wrapping one hand around all three squirming bulges. "Fuck! G-Gamzee. Y-Your name is -AH!- Gamzee~" Zane panted, and was rewarded with tormentor pushing his tongue deep into his aching nook. "Fuuuu-!!!! YES! YES!" Zane couldn't help it, crying out and wiggling his hips. This time Gamzee didn't stop when he grabbed his horns and set to his task happily. Gamzee kept going until he was rewarded with a scream from Zane and Plum