, he means best) way possible.

Harry placed the leather whip on the bed beside Louis' legs before climbing him, straddling his torso with his unbelievably thick thighs, grabbing the back of his neck. Louis eagerly opened his mouth and accepted Harry's cock as it was offered to him, closing his eyes and moaning around the hot flesh that filled him almost to capacity without breaking a sweat. "Up," Harry groaned and Louis' trembling fingers found the arrow on the remote, turning the vibrating ball up and shivering as it shook inside of him. Harry hips drove him bad the way they rolled against him, sliding his cock in and out of his mouth, tip just barely grazing the back of his throat and he thanked everyone responsible for not giving him any sort of gag reflex. He knew it'd come in handy one day. Harry took his time fucking his mouth, speeding up with loud grunts before slowing down, rubbing his chest, pulling his hair, making Louis' head spin so fast he didn't know which was was up. "Down." He heard and quickly pushed the down button, toes cracking as they curled, hips lifting from the mattress below him.

The game lasted a few minutes before Louis was unable to fulfill Harry's request of pushing the button down, his mind gone blank as his cock slid down his throat and he could practically suck the come pooling at the head. Harry leaned away and arched an eyebrow, tsking softly. "Bad boy. Told you you'd get punished if you didn't listen."

"God, Haz.."

"Ah, no speaking. Turn around for me, ass in the air."

Louis groaned softly and obeyed the order, knees drawing up, back arching deeply, face planted on the mattress, his breath caught in his lungs at the first feel of the leather that slid against his bare ass. He rocked back, mumbled whimpers sticking to the sheets, and he waited, anticipated that first smack of the leather bounds but instead got a wet kiss pressed against his left cheek. And it honestly left him so surprised, so stunned that he yelled out when half a second later Harry smacked his ass horizontally with the whip, the sound echoing throughout the room and hanging thickly in the air. "Fuck!" He whimpered and shuttered, hot tears gathering at the corners of his eyes and the sting from the first hit barely resided before another rang out just as loudly and Louis fell against the bed, trembling uncontrollably.

"Too much for you, baby?" Harry asked and, fuck, his voice was so soft and caring that Louis was really having some mixed feelings about all of this. The way Harry could turn off his dominating voice one second and sound like a caring lover the next was really fucking his head. But, for some strange reason, he loved it and probably it was because, in truth, he was just as fucked up in the head.

"No.. no," Louis took a deep breath and pushed himself back on his knees, braving a look back at Harry. "More, please.."

Harry smirked and rubbed the leather against Louis' raw ass, giving him a few more hits before pressing soothing kisses against his skin then turning him back to his previous position of laying on the bed. He reached down and dipped his fingers inside of Louis to remove the ball, letting it roll off the bed and land quietly on the carpet below. He grabbed his thighs, lifting his legs up, and rubbed his cock against him with a light groan. "Bare?"

"Fuck.. yes," Louis moaned, nodding as he watched Harry and rolled his hips down against him. "Just please.."

Harry smirked softly, letting his hands caress the length of Louis' legs until he reached his cheeks, spreading them and guiding his cock inside of him, slowly giving him every inch, feeling the wet walls envelop him in a ball of lust and pure sin. His eyes rolled to the back of his head and a shiver rolled down his spine, hitting every vertebrae and setting in a hot heat in the pit of his stomach. "Jesus fuck, Lou.. You feel.."

"Amazing," Louis gasped, dropping the remote still in his hands and twisting his wrists as much as he possibly could to grip the sheets. "Fuck me, H."

Harry leaned against Louis' body, kissing him deeply and grabbing his hands as he started to pound into him with short thrusts before gaining speed, opening him up, devouring his hole, hitting his sweet spot dead on and basking himself in the delicious sounds that escaped his best friend's mouth. Louis' face twisted in an undeniable pleasure, his moans turning into whimpers, his pleas turning into soft gasps, his eyes darkening with lust, his veins showing against the skin of his neck and Harry kissed each one, sucked until red spots remained and will remind him in the morning of their undeniable chemistry and passion filled night.

Louis came first, spurts of come spilling from him at first until Harry stroked him through his orgasm, covering his beautiful skin in thick substance