retching into the toilet when they got home that night. Liam filled a glass with water and got two pain killers out of the cabinet, placing both in front of Louis, who mumbled a grumpy, "Thanks," before swallowing the pills. Liam made some toast and took a seat at the table across from Louis. "Are you going to tell me what the hell you were so pissed off about last night?" Louis asked, leaning back and folding his arms over his chest. "I told you, I wasn't pissed. I was just tired, I wanted to come home," Liam lied, knowing he didn't sound the least bit convincing. Louis just rolled his eyes, "I know your lying, God its like you forget I'm your best friend or something." Liam grumbled at that, and Louis continued, "All I know is that you came in from being outside with Zayn looking like you'd just seen a unicorn, and the second that bit of purple showed up, you were basically carrying me to the car. So don't pretend it's not about Zayn." Louis was dangerously close to the truth, so Liam went on the defensive before Louis could continue. "Well what about you, are you going to tell me what happened last night? Although I can guess from the love bites all over your neck and the number written in sharpie on your arm." Liam said, gesturing to Louis. Louis looked down at the number again, scrawled drunkenly across his forearm by Harry the night before. He pulled his arm off the table and into his lap, out of Liam's sight. "We shagged, that's all there is to tell," Louis said, playing it off casually. "Are you going to call him?" Liam asked, "You two looked pretty cozy." Louis shook his head, "Nah, it was just a drunken shag." Liam was about to protest, but Louis mumbled something about a shower and left the table. Liam pretended he didn't notice Louis copying the number onto slip of paper before going to wash it off in the shower. 

Liam finished his toast, his mind drifting back to last night. To Zayn. He tried not to remember the part where Zayn's lips were on his, and he felt like the earth was spinning in a different direction beneath him and his mouth was full of smoke and it tasted like Zayn. He tried not to remember the way Zayn looked in the dark of the alley, and the way the night felt hot and close and the way Zayn kept leaning closer and closer to Liam. But he did remember, and it sent a shiver down his spine, recalling the way Zayn's eyes had looked at him, making Liam think that maybe there was something there. But he also remembered what happened after. Standing in the bar, watching Zayn with what was most likely his girlfriend, wanting to disappear. Of course Zayn had a girlfriend, he was gorgeous and talented and perfect, and Liam was a fool to ever think he Zayn could see him as anything but a partner for a stupid project. He was embarrassed, but he couldn't exactly be mad at Zayn. He had been drunk, and its not as if they were actually snogging. He was probably just fooling around, and Liam had taken it for something it wasn't. He sighed, resolving from now on to be all business about the project, about Zayn. No more heart eyes, no more pining, just finishing the project and cutting ties with Zayn as soon as possible. It was better this way, really. 

He got ready for the day, taking a shower with what little hot water Louis had left and silently reminding himself to shower before his roommate next time. He had just stepped out of the shower, a towel wrapped around his waist, when he heard his phone ringing in his bedroom. His heart stopped when he saw that it was Zayn calling, but he reminded himself of his resolution and answered. "Hello?" he asked, trying to be nonchalant. "Hey! Liam. What - uh - how are you?" Liam was confused by Zayn's stuttering, he had no reason to be nervous. "I'm fine." Liam said, not giving any further answer. "Great! So, I was wondering if you wanted to meet later this afternoon, I still need to finish up a bit on that drawing, you know.." Zayn trailed off expectantly. Liam was nervous about meeting with Zayn again. You can do this, he thought to himself, before answering. "Yeah, sure, this afternoon should work fine. Do I need to wear the same thing..?" he asked in what he hoped sounded like a casual voice. "Nah, no, its fine," Zayn continued, "I mostly finished that part of the picture anyway. But look, about last night, I wanted to tell you that Perrie, it wasn't -" but Liam cut him off, "It's fine Zayn, really its no big deal."