who nodded hastily in return.

“Oh! I’m fine,” Angela replied with a dismissive wave of her hand. “I’m just feeling a little…”

“Turned on?” Moira asked into the receiver. Angela was quickly knocked back into reality.

“…Distracted.”

Tracer nodded in an earnest agreement.

“Yeah, it’s a pain in the arse that we have to be here on one of our days off.” she sighed, and Winston nodded in agreement. “Let’s just try to speed through it quick as possible!”

Angela nodded as though she didn’t have Moira’s lustful breath resounding in her ear, and crossed her legs once more.

“Are you feeling sensitive, Mercy? Do you want my head between your legs? I love it when you clench your thighs that little bit harder when I lick where you want me to. I swear, I can feel it throb when I roll my tongue against it.”

Angela pressed down between her legs hard.

“I want to suck against your clit, Mercy. Nice and gentle, or as hard as you want me to. I want to taste you against my lips, and certainly on my tongue. Mm…”

Hearing Moira be so shameless was indescribable to Angela. Every part of her body felt so sensitive. Her breasts, her thighs, in between her legs; everywhere Moira had touched felt almost amplified by a thousand with how insatiable she was feeling. Moira was always irresistible to her as it was – as much as she hated to admit it – but this time was almost bordering on torturous.

Her legs crossed over one another, with her thighs squeezing hard against her clit to stop it from aching.

She placed a hand over her mouth again rather subtly.

“I’m going to make you fuck the life out of me later.”

“Darling,” Moira replied, still with laboured breaths, “I was planning on it.”

Angela shifted her weight once more. Moira made another noise of pleasure, an octave higher than usual as she hit her own sweet spot; her slender fingers gliding their fingertips in alternating heavy to light circles around her clit. Angela could picture it all perfectly, and it was driving her crazy.

“Are you wearing a skirt?” Moira asked eagerly. Angela whispered that she was, and Moira made a noise of sheer delight. “You really are so unfair. You left so quickly this morning. How could you not let me fuck you once more before leaving?”

Angela knew if she stayed…well, she wouldn’t leave. She hadn’t wanted to risk staying in bed with Moira instead of going to work. The two of them had taken to sleeping together after the sex, which Angela had not been expecting.

It was a little dangerous to think that she could be falling in love with Moira O’Deorain. So she tried every active route not to do that -

“Do you want to go down on me, Mercy? Do you want me to make you the submissive, good girl that you like to think that you are?”

- but even now, even in the heat of this intense lust; this shameless, personal excursion; she was failing.

“I love fucking you. It gives me such a rush to feel your back arching when I’ve fucked you for hours. When I’ve entangled myself with you, when you’ve torn up my back from the resentment you feel to our attraction. When I feel your thighs around my waist, Mercy…oh, Angela…”


Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck.


“May I be excused?”


Wait. What?


“…Um, of course.”

Angela blinks, and Moira laughs triumphantly at the other end of the receiver.

“My, my…was that too much for you, darling?”

Angela had stood up without realizing, and the scrape of the chair echoed in her ears from the unexpected sound and non-realization of it happening. Angela tugged a little at her skirt to pull down over her legs to a more…respectable level in a workplace, she thought. Her heels hurriedly clicked all the way to the door of the meeting room, almost throwing it open with disdain, and then sped up into an almost full pelt to the bathroom.

“I’m going to fucking kill you,” Angela exclaimed angrily, “I mean it, Moira. You’re going to die.”

“Don’t threaten me with a good time, pet. And besides, you loved it, didn’t you?”

Angela remained silent as she rushed into a cubicle, and sat down on the edge of the toilet’s lid.

“Shut up.”

“You can’t make me this time, can you, Mercy?”

Angela grit her teeth as she shoved a hand beneath the hem of her skirt. Her fingers touched at her clit – she was soaking wet. God damn it.

“I know you’re fantasising about my tongue between your legs. The way my hands grip to how delicious your thighs are…the way that I steer your clit against my tongue