appear until lunch rolled around. How Kyungsoo noticed these things, he really didn't know. One day, he realized that he was avoiding large groups of people, and he wondered what it was all about. He was in the middle of taking an extra turn because the group of boys in the middle of the convenience store were too overwhelming, when he stopped and thought that something was wrong with him.

So, calling his brother, he pleaded him to pick him up, because he felt anxious. Not because of the people, but because of himself. He didn't tell his brother why he wanted to be picked up though, it would only result into a big fuss, and once again he would have caught everyone's attention. Returning back to the main road to wait for his brother, he spotted a familiar blonde just walking out of the store, holding a plastic bag in his left hand and a cigarette in his right. Suddenly hoping to become invisible, he turned slightly away, to show his back to him. He hid his hands inside his pockets and looked down at his shoes.

It only took him ten seconds to look back at the blonde, only to notice he hadn't even noticed the small figure standing about ten meters away from him. He was casually leaning against the wall, smoking the cigarette in his hand, staring forward. "Hey Kai, are you coming with us?", the group of boys asked him and Kyungsoo found himself wishing he wouldn't go because he was interested in whatever he was doing. Not exactly denying the fact that he was staring at the blonde, he clenched his hands into balls of fists inside his pockets.

And Kai just shrugged, not even looking his friends' way, not a hint of any kind of expression on his face. He was so different from the usual Kai, that Kyungsoo actually thought he wasn't the blonde he knew. And he swore he didn't feel any happiness when the group of boys left leaving Kai alone.

And then the tattooed blonde was smirking, and turned his gaze to the shorter boy, Kyungsoo almost jumped up in the air as their gazes intertwined, Kyungsoo trying to desperately to detach himself off of his eyes. As Kai grabbed the plastic bag from the ground from next to him and started walking towards him, dropping the cigarette and stepping over it, Kyungsoo thought he was screwed.

"Hey", the blonde casually said and Kyungsoo was mad because why was he so casual? He wasn't allowed to, he wasn't. Kyungsoo turned to look away from him and the boy asked why he was just standing there, asked if he was watching him, which Kyungsoo denied immediately, even though he knew, he was.

"I like your eyes. What do you like about me?", Kai asked and Kyungsoo sighed, because again, the eyes. They grew to be a topic Kai would everyday bring up. 

"I don't like you", Kyungsoo lied, because maybe he did, a little, just slightly. 

"Then why are you answering my questions?", the boy asked again and Kyungsoo was speechless.

And as he turned to look at Kai, he was too close again, and Kyungsoo thought that Kai's tattoos were cool. Maybe he should get one himself, when he is a little older, but then he thought what it would look like on him, who was clumsy and not special. And Kyungsoo noticed he was staring at the younger by two days' neck because of the tattoos, and brought his eyes up regretting the decision immediately, because Kai was there staring into his eyes, plump lips smirking ever so slightly.

"Hyung", Kai breathed out, and Kyungsoo smelled the nicotine, tasted the addiction on the tip of his tongue. Kai stole his breath away, and Kyungsoo turned away because he was mad and confused and-

"Hyung", the sound of a plastic bag dropping, and the sound a husky chuckle. "Are you going to leave me alone?", he asked and the sentence was heartbreaking, Kyungsoo felt the urge to punch himself. 

"Huh?", he managed to let out, refusing to look the blonde's way. "I know you won't", Kai told and Kyungsoo almost melted into a puddle of goo because the sound came from right next to his ear and there was Kai's breath itching against his ear.

"My name's Jongin", he told and Kyungsoo turned to look his way, only to almost crash his nose against the blonde's. It was breathtaking, the flawlessness of Kai, Jongin, whoever the boy was. Kyungsoo was put under a spell, Kyungsoo was no longer there, Kyungsoo was lost under Kai, or Jongin, or this man's, perfection.

And then Kyungsoo backed away, afraid that his heart might just explode, and this man would witness it all, and know every secret Kyungsoo had kept hidden from everyone. He was afraid that all the facts he left unsaid would be exposed to everyone, and he didn't want that to happen. So he backed away