them when they arrive, and let them go when it's time to leave.

There are some people who change that, though. People who make you believe in the existence of soulmates. People who make you want to do anything - as long as it's with them. People who make you want to go on living; suddenly, everything is worth it. Just because you were blessed enough to be alive on the same time and place as that person.

Leaving seems impossible. It's like ripping apart one limb away from your body. But it turns out, the human being doesn't need that much to survive. We believe we're much weaker than we truly are. Something that seemed like your whole life will turn into nothing more than a fuzzy memory years later.

Do you realize how alike 'leaving' and 'living' sound? It's almost the same pronunciation. Because that's what it means, to be alive. To leave, and be left by other people. Even if you don't want to. Even if you feel like you shouldn't. Even when you can't; especially when you can't.

Luhan looked outside the window, remembering the last straw. The reason he finally mustered up the courage to enter this airplane.


The members had just entered the van after a photoshoot; everyone was tired, either already asleep or listening to music, on a sleepy haze. Luhan looked at his phone, surprised at what the homescreen showed him.



 - > 28 missed calls



Did a sasaeng find out his number again? But those were calls from his mother. His stomach suddenly dropped, like he was on the downfall of a rollercoaster (he imagined that's what the feeling must be like, after all, his fear of heights never allowed him to actually ride one). His hands started to sweat, and he suddenly felt like fainting.



Something bad happened. Something really bad.



He waited until they reached their dormitory to call home, going outside with the excuse of wanting to stretch his legs. Yes, he would be careful. Yes, he'd have a cap and glasses on all the time. Yes, he'd be brief.



After a very long conversation in which he finally convinced his manager he wouldn't be eaten alive by a legion of murderous obsessed fans, he grabbed his phone and dialed the number he knew by heart.



"Luhan?" His mother answered on the first ring, "Oh my God. I'm so glad I can finally talk to you."



"Hey, mom." His tone was soft and loving. After all, his mother was one of his favorite people on Earth. "What happened? Is something wrong? You got me really worried here."



"Yes, son. It's your grandfather."



Suddenly, Luhan had to sit down. Right there, on the stairs leading outside of the building he had lived in for the past 3 years. What could have happened? His grandfather was such a strong figure in Luhan's life. He taught Luhan what it meant to be strong, and to pursue his dreams. He could never forgive himself if the last time he saw his grandfather was 6 months ago, on a hurried lunch visit. They didn't even get to talk properly, because he - obviously-  had a schedule. When didn't he, these days?



"What happened, mom?" Luhan took deep breaths, trying to calm himself down, "Is he alright? Don't tell me-"



"Yes, Lu, he is just fine now. But he had a stroke. He's now on the hospital, resting. The doctor said he's going to be alright, but possibly lose some of his memories and motor skills. It all depends on the recovery process. And we're going to have to be there for him, helping with whatever's necessary."



"God..." Luhan was in equal parts relieved and scared. He was alive, at least. But what was going to be of his grandpa now?



"When can you visit, son? It's important that you are here. Not only to help, but because if you're not, he might even forget you."



His entire body froze. They were in the middle of preparations for a new album. They had a concert next week. His next free time was going to be in over two months. And even then, it would be a maximum of 3 days. Nowhere near enough time.



He thought about his options, remembering the conversation he had with Minseok. Some choices weren't easy, but they had to be made. The right path was so often the one with the most sacrifices. He loved that boy so much, it made his damn bones ache.



"I'll book the next flight home, mom. I'll explain it later. I love you."


Now it was done. He was on the plane, waiting to arrive in China, hug his mother and take proper care