loudly to alert both of their presence, and while Mrs. Choi looked up and smiled at Sehun in acknowledgement, the transfer kept his head facing forward.

“Ah there he is,” Mrs. Choi said, “This is Oh Sehun, he’s on the student council. He’ll be giving you your tour today. I apologize the student council president couldn’t be here, he’s busy at the moment.”

“That’s okay,” the new student chuckled.

“Sehun, this is Byun Baekhyun. Why don't you greet him?”

 

Baekhyun stood up and faced him, and Sehun felt his jaw go slack as he took in the student.

 

Whatever Sehun was expecting the new student to look like, he didn't know, but he wasn't expecting them to be so…attractive. Baekhyun was shorter than him by a few inches, the perfect height for Sehun to rest his chin on the other’s head.

 

He had light brown hair that framed his face perfectly; it looked so soft, all Sehun wanted to do was run his fingers through it. His droopy eyes, button nose, and cute pink lips were so painfully adorable, he almost forgot that Mrs. Choi was there until she called out his name.

“Sehun?”

He cleared his throat before snapping out of his daze, and he dragged his eyes away from Baekhyun to focus on Mrs. Choi.

“Yes?”

“You’ll show him around the school and to all his classes right?”

He glanced down at the other, who smiled sweetly at him. Sehun swallowed hard before turning back to their principal.

“Right.”

“Well then I’ll leave you guys to it. Come to the office anytime if you have any questions. Again, welcome to our school Baekhyun,” she said before glancing down at papers scattered all over her desk.

Sehun opened the door and offered to let Baekhyun out first, and took a second to breathe before to turned around to face the shorter.

“So uhm- Hi,” Sehun spoke.


Way to sound cool and collected, asshole.


“Hi,” Baekhyun lightly chuckled.

Sehun hoped his cheeks weren't heating up because he found the transfer's chuckle beautiful.

“Right so, can I see your schedule? So I can- you know- show you to your class and all.”

Sehun mentally slapped himself in the face for being so nervous.

 


Get a hold of yourself Oh Sehun.


 

Sehun didn’t fail to notice the other’s slender and dainty fingers when he handed over his paper.

 

Even his hands are pretty, he felt himself screaming internally before he remembered what he was supposed to be doing.

 

“Oh cool you’re taking Civil Engineering, yeah my friend told me you were in the engineering program.”

“Yeah I’ve been taking engineering classes since I was a freshman.”

The shorter smiled up at him and the uncontrollable thumping of his heart was so loud he hoped Baekhyun couldn’t hear it.  

They walked side by side throughout the hallways of the school, stopping by each of his classes to make sure he would know where to go tomorrow.

The shorter occasionally stopped along the way to look at the posters hung up on the wall, dramatically gasping in awe every time Sehun told him student council made them.

“Wow you guys must take a long time drawing all these out huh? Amazing…”

 

His mouth was agape as he marveled at the colorful poster they recently made for the upcoming dance.

 

Sehun laughed at his reaction, he found it entertaining that he was so impressed with something so simple.

“Do you play League of Legends?” the shorter suddenly asked. The blonde found the random question amusing.

“That one game? No, I think my friend Minseok does though, he’s always talking about it.”

“I thought I was good...Until I played against a bunch of other people, then I realized I wasn’t so good.” He unconsciously pouted and Sehun thought it was absolutely adorable.

 

“Once, I played against my friend and we both agreed to give each other prizes if one of us won,” he said, “I tried really hard to win right and I was really excited for my prize ‘cause he said it was going to be good.”

 

Sehun listened carefully as he watched the other’s cute pouty lips move, again finding his random anecdote amusing.

 

“And he pulled out a selfie stick! So I was pretty disappointed...and it didn’t even work with iPhones! We both had iPhones, so it was basically useless…” he sighed.

 

The blonde resisted the urge to pull him to kiss those cute little lips.

“Well sorry for suddenly telling you that, I was just trying to make conversation,” Baekhyun giggled.

“It’s fine,” the taller lightly laughed, “It was a funny story.”

 

They both looked at each other, sharing small smiles before breaking out into light laughter. Baekhyun’s laughter was music to Sehun’s ears and he didn’t want to admit it, but he didn’t want the tour