any sort of prescription that caused suicidal tendencies?" She was slowly walking around the body, eyeing it up and down. "And do you know how long he's been dead?"

"No prescriptions that we're aware of, though we're having our people question his parents about that and other things. He was last seen walking out of the apartment a week ago, and an odd smell was first noticed a day or so ago."

After a somewhat heavy moment of silence, Evlyn asked - "Have either of you ever thought about committing suicide?" It was a blunt sort of question, but she still wasn't looking at them - her eyes were still on the corpse, her head slightly tilted to the right in thought.

Sally was outraged. "Of course not, where did you get that idea, how could you even THINK -"

"Sally."

"WHAT!?" She turned on him, eyes in a rage, the beginnings of betrayal starting to show.

"Let her explain."

A beat of silence passed before she slumped on the wall again and stared daggers at the floor.

"Well!" Evlyn brutally murdered the silence a she stood up straight and distractedly bounced her hands off her legs. "The blood by the door most likely isn't the victims, and for someone as unlikely to be depressed as he was, don't you think that a friend or colleague would've noticed scars or acting jittery?" She turned her head to Lestrade, who was staring at her thoughtfully.

"That's true... But what if he had no friends or colleagues?"

"Good point. But the pictures around his apartment and, most likely, the contacts on his phone tell a different story."

"Would you like to see the phone?"

Evlyn's eyes widened at the suggestion, as if she hadn’t thought he’d trust her enough to touch potentially vital evidence. "Sure." Greg then handed her the plastic baggie that had the victim's phone in it. Since she was wearing gloves, Evlyn then took the phone out of the bag and swiped it open, only to find that one would have to enter a password in letters to get on the phone. She looked up from the phone for a moment, completely focused, then snapped her head down and started trying out passwords. The first three times she was incorrect, but she was correct on her fourth attempt at entering the right password. The victim's home screen was bland and he had one of those pre-set backgrounds as well. She opened up his contacts, scrolled down a bit, then smirked. 

"He had 138 contacts, Lestrade, more than half of which are from when he was in high school, where he used to live. The majority of this half is made up of drug dealers."

A moment of shocked and confused silence passed as Evlyn handed back the phone.

"Drug dealers!?" Sally was just confused now.

"Yep." Evlyn just seemed happy that her hypothesis seemed to be correct.

"How do you know that these people are drug dealers?" Lestrade was just worried that Evlyn would actually turn out to be a mini-Sherlock, drugs and all.

"Because dealers have a way of staying secretive when needed, for example, on contact lists. And before you ask, no, I did not do drugs, I just know a lot of people who actually deal drugs. Evidently, drug dealers are lightweights."

Lestrade and Donovan just looked at her like she was touched in the head.

So she explained, "When dealers hand out their business cards to clients, on the back of the card is a few suggestions that that particular customer could use as a false name in their contacts list. For example, our victim here did dealings with someone who gave him cocaine, which is evident by this contact." She pointed to the contact that had the name 'COCA Campaign.' "If you take away the 'CA Camp' from 'COCA Campaign,' you get what sounds like..."

"... Cocaine." Donovan, surprisingly enough, finished Evelyn's sentence, and even she seemed surprised that she had taken that opportunity to contribute.

"Also, the area code is weird. No area code starts with a zero." Lestrade made this observation as he turned his gaze up to Evelyn's. She nodded.

"So was he a druggie or a dealer?" She asked them, a small smirk on her face. She'd get their brains working in no time.

Lestrade thought for a moment, then said, "If he was a druggie, he'd be in much worse shape than he is now, so..."

"He was a dealer." Anderson's voice from the doorway was unexpected, and they all looked up with varying levels of surprise on their faces.

"So he was murdered for an unpaid debt?" Sally asked for confirmation.

"Yeah. The blood test was finished and the guy whose blood is on the floor was found bleeding in an alley. He's been taken in for questioning."

"Great. My job here is