going to gather some materials for class, yeah," Snipe said, standing up, and left the teacher's lounge,

"I forgot something," Ectoplasm said, and left,

Thirteen is just glad that his seat is far from the couple,

"Thirteen," Midnight called out, "you noticed, right?" Midnight asked,

"Definitely, it's not only affecting them, it's affecting us too, lessons hasn't started yet but it's so uncomfortable for us," Thirteen says,

Midnight sighs, her eyes flickered to the two, no words spoken, just silence between the two,

 


"I hope they'll fix this,"


 

But no they didn't, they stayed like this through the entire day, until the very last lesson, none of the students noticed by far, they're hiding it quite well, surprisingly, until during the last lesson,

"Okay, so basically-"

"To all teachers of Yuuei Academia that are currently available, please quickly gather in the school grounds as we are going to USJ, Class 1-A Representative has told us that the USJ is under attack by the 'League of Villains', all students please remain seated and stay wherever they are right now as we teachers will handle this, please hurry, All might is handling all of it there, why? because Thirteen and Eraserhead is down, please come right now, thank you,"

"What?"

"All through the years nothing like this have ever happened,"

"Those poor first years,"

"Nah, All Might can do it!"

"But they took Aizawa-sensei down, that's worrying,"

'Eraserhead is down,' the word repeated over and over in Hizashi's head, he stood there frozen, he's supposed to go right now, but the shock came over him, so here he is, standing still like a statue,

'Shouta, Shouta's..taken down?' Hizashi thought,

"Mic-sensei, shouldn't y-"

"Shouta's down..Shouta, i-i have to go, now," Hizashi said, dashing out of the classroom, and to the school grounds where ten teachers stood, with him, eleven

"Let's go, now," Hizashi said,

"Hold on, Yamada, we still need to che-""Did i fucking stuttered?" Hizashi spoke sharply in english, his eyes glaring to Snipe who just told him to hold on, how can he hold on when his husband is taken down? he's in the verge of dying right now for god's sake!

"Okay! everyone's here, let's go!" The principal said,

The teachers rushed to the bus that'll take them to USJ, the driver went as fast as he can, and the whole ride felt like it's a century long, Hizashi couldn't stop fiddling with his fingers through it, thousands of questions wondered in his mind, he couldn't even feel his own sweat trickling down his face, until Midnight snapped him out of his mind,

"Hizashi! we're almost there," Midnight said, Hizashi's head snapped up, seeing the familiar building of the USJ,

"Shouta..," he whispered,

"Hey, Hizashi, he'd be fine, we got Recovery Girl and many other doctors near us, you just need to trust him that he'd be alive, alright?" Midnight said, smiling to his junior back then during High School days,

"Yeah, as long as he's alive, but he's hurt, is he? Iida how bad is he hurt?" Hizashi asked, 

"My deepest apologies, Mic-Sensei, i didn't see him since he was fighting on the grounds, and i was near the entrance," Iida said,

"Shit..." Hizashi cursed under his breath, he looked out to the window, and saw that the bus has stopped near the entrance,

"All right, let's go," Principal Nedzu said, the teachers went out of the bus, and went into the USJ building, 

"Snipe, shoot at that villain's hand that's about to touch that student's face!" Nedzu ordered,

Snipe took out his gun, and shot at the villain's hand, stopping the fight immediately,

"Shoot straight! where the villain is holding that student in front of the two!"

Snipe aimed his gun straight, and shot, precisely hitting the villain, saving the students,

"Sorry, everyone! Sorry's we're late! I gathered all who were immediately available," Nedzu announced,

"I, Tenya Iida, Class 1-A's representative has now returned!" Iida announced,

Hizashi looked around, trying to find Aizawa, and found him being carried on a student's shoulder, Shouji was it? Hizashi went to Aizawa, who's head is bleeding, his right sleeve just now over the elbow, Hizashi looked at Aizawa with concerned eyes, he softly ran his fingers through his bloodied hair, and gently kissed his forehead,

"I