’t a drinker and also because you didn’t know what these people were like. 

     After about an hour, you finally walked over to the bar to take a break. As you look to the other side you see a very tall figure with slicked back red hair and cream like colored skin. Shit, no need to sugar coat, bottom line is he was hot. And apparently you caught his attention has he made his way over to you. “I’m Chanyeol, may I ask what your name is?” “Y/N,” you told him. “Name as beautiful as its owner,” he said as you blushed. He was sly, you thought, but two could play this game. 

      You smirked at him as you put your hand through your hair. “Thank you, Chanyeol, was it? You’re not so bad yourself.” Even though the music was blaring all you could hear was his voice in your ear when he said “Wanna get out of here?” You nodded as you looked him up and down with a smile stretching along your features. Little did you know, that look would be what made this night worth while. 

      As you arrived at a hotel, you knew where this was going and you didn’t mind. Might as well have alittle fun with it anyway. 

 

       “I don’t know if I told you this, but that dress looks beautiful on you. You would look even better with it off though.” You chuckled to yourself as you decided to play hard to get. “And what if I don’t want to take it off. Who’s going to take it off me? You?” you said as you walked toward him. He smirked as he grabbed you by the waist and turned you around, your back now against the wall of the room. “If that’s what it’ll take to see you naked, yeah.” “I’m sorry Mr. Chanyeol but this won’t come off so easy.” 

      He was starting to get impatient, frustrated even, as he looked at you in the eyes. “You’re really gonna get it tonight baby girl.” His large hands made their way up your back as they unzippered your dress and tore it off. He admired your figure, his hands outlining the shape of your body. “This is gonna be fun.” You smirked as you pushed him on the bed. “I don’t think so princess, i’m gonna be the one fucking you tonight.” he turned you over, taking his tie off as he towered over you. 

       Without you even noticing his shirt was already off and he was already kissing up your thighs, small moans of pleasure already escaping your lips. “You’re moaning this early? I didn’t realize it’d be that easy.” “Those weren’t moans,” you said confidently. “I really want to hear what those sound like.” “Then make me.” Chanyeol loved your confidence and hard to get attitude, it made him want you all the more. 

       Those kisses turned into hickeys as he sucked on the skin on your thighs and worked his way up until you felt his hot tongue on the top of your thin laced underwear. “Why do still have these on?” but as soon as he was done asking they were already off. His tongue worked wonders and did tricks you never thought possible, you were wet, you both knew it and it only sparked up his ego. 

       “You like that don’t you?” you wouldn’t let him win, you wouldn’t let out a noise, not yet. His movements grew faster as he now inserted two fingers, making you squirm under his touch. 

        He licked his way up your body until he reached your nipple and bit on it, sucking it and fiddling with the other in between his other two fingers.

        You were on the brink of letting go, it felt so good and you knew it. His pants were on the floor and his dick was bulging. He was hard and you smirked, pulling him down by the shoulders and kissing and sucking down his neck. “Mmm, yeah, just like that” he muttered.

        You kissed past his chest and down his biceps, you kissed up to his tip, making him quiver. You put his dick into your mouth, sucking slowly at first then speeding up as he began releasing low moans that just the sound of them would make you cum. 

        You took it out and licked the tip has you pumped up and down with your hand. “Fuck Y/N, i’m close”. “I don’t think so,” you answered as you stopped all together, he looked at you as hunger dominated his eyes “I’m really gonna destroy you tonight” he grabbed your ass and made you sit on him, his large manhood entering you. “Ride me. Now.” And for some reason his voice put you under his control. 

        You went slow, quickening the pace when you saw him getting desperate. “Fuck this,” his frustration got