I love you to each other, and Zayn had Liam promise he would never cut again.

The next couple months were spent throwing razors out and Zayn telling Liam when he needed to shave Zayn would do it for him and then take away the razor. Anything from preventing Liam to cut again. It was also spent with more I love you’s and kisses.

During college, different colleges, Liam and Zayn would skype over their laptops and text each other every chance they could. That’s when Liam met Louis. He was his roommate but Louis spent his nights elsewhere. Until he barged into their room in tears.

Liam asked what was wrong and Louis waved him off saying he had a fight with his boyfriend. Liam asked if that was where he went every night and Louis nodded pathetically, apologizing for leaving Liam alone every night. Liam just smiled and rubbing Louis’s back comfortably and played with his hair until he fell asleep peacefully.

They became inseparable after that, whenever Louis and Harry hung out he always invited Liam. Harry was a head full of curls and large dimples on his cheeks, it matched perfectly with Louis’s bubbly personality and crystal blue eyes. They were perfect for each other, just like Zayn and Liam were.

Vacation time was the best, well only because Zayn drove all the way to Liam’s college to see him. Their greetings were full of harsh kisses and kitten licks and bites on necks and growling’s of ‘Your mine’ and ‘I missed you so much’. Zayn met Louis for the first time too, walking in on Zayn and Liam making out on Liam’s bed with clear sight of erections and sweat. All flustered and flushed Liam kindly introduced the two. Later, Liam and Zayn joined Louis and Harry for lunch. The four hit it off quickly. Zayn had to leave by the end of the week, but that was ok because they would see each other again soon enough.

*

The second month wasn’t so bad either, Louis and Harry continued coming over, bringing chocolate and movies to watch. Though they cuddled on the couch and left Liam to huddle up on the other side by himself, groaning with jealousy and longing.

Then the day came when Liam went to check the mail for the bills and payment he owes, a small white envelope dropped out. It had dirt marks in the corners and scrawny scribbles of black pen on one side.

“Lou!” He yelled rushing back into the house with the envelope clutched to his chest.

“What?” Louis asked from Harry’s lap.

“It’s from Zayn.” Liam said sitting down on the couch as Louis and Harry moved around him.

“What’s it say?” Louis asked.

Liam opened it, reading “Dear Li, Hi babe. I miss you. It’s been a month since I’ve seen you. God, I miss your smile and how your eyes crinkle at the edge when you do so. I can’t write much but I’m doing well. I kind of got shot in the arm by the other guys but I’m ok, I swear. I miss you, again. I miss you so much, I want to see you. I can’t wait. Only 6 more months baby. I love you. –Zayn xx”

Liam hugged the letter to his chest. 6 more months.

*

The third month was a complete disaster. After the letter, Liam started crying himself to sleep, thinking ‘what if hes getting hurt right now?’, ‘what if hes dying right now?’, ‘what if hes losing his legs right now?’

When Louis came in the mornings he would hug Liam until he stopped crying, just like Liam did for him.

*

By month four, it got worse. Liam felt like Zayn had left him. Like he had dumped him. He knew there were razors in the bathroom now. Since Liam and Zayn moved in together, and Zayn trusted him of course. But there were tempting him.

Every night he would sit against the headboard of his head, trying to block out the ‘Use me, use me, use me’ callings from the razors in the bathroom.

He didn’t though, he promised Zayn.

Well if he didn’t come back. But he still didn’t. He couldn’t.

*

The fifth month was getting ok. Liam smiled more often because of Louis’s quirky jokes and Harry’s spontaneous comments to add. It was joyful and Liam didn’t feel so alone anymore. Harry and Louis sometimes slept over, almost every day, in the guest bedroom.

*

It went back to tragedy in the sixth month. Liam badly wanted to grab the razors and end all his stress. He wishes he could just drink like a normal person but he had a kidney problem. He tried smoking once, smuggled Zayn’s cigarettes, but ended up throwing up after the first puff. Then he couldn’t really think of another way then to cut.

“Just one,” He told himself flipping the metal