with such force that Lelouch’s eyes opened widely and his breath was taken away.


 


“I’m tired of you putting on the facade of the Emperor of Britannia, and pretending like you’re so strong and you don’t care! You forget we’ve known each other all these years, since before the war started! Stop pretending like you don’t care, stop pretending like you’re fine, stop pretending like I don’t know what’s going on with you! You can’t put up a facade with me like you can with the rest of the damn world, Lelouch! I know the real you, and I have for a long time. Now...

tell 

me what’s wrong. Please.” His tone softened, and he grasped Lelouch’s silky white robes in his fingers. 


 


Lelouch stood up straight and took Suzaku’s hands and removed them from the grasp of his robes. 


 


“I’m in love with you, Suzaku.”


 


It came out so easily. 


 


They both stood in silence for a few moments.


 


“Suzaku, I have hurt you. I’ve done things I can never take back. I killed your beloved Euphemia, I killed many Japanese citizens, and I commanded you to live because I was too afraid to lose you. I don’t deserve anything from you, I don’t deserve your friendship, your trust, I don’t even deserve you talking to me at this very moment or you as my knight. I sure as hell do not deserve your love.” Lelouch said to him, looking him straight in the eyes.


 


“How long?” 


 


“Excuse me?” 


 


“How long have you...been in love with me?” 


 


“Since I saw you again. Ever since before this damned rebellion began. You say you know the real me, but you would have never known back then I would have ever killed all of these people, waged a war with my own country, and eventually, with the entire world. You would have never known I would have thrown my humanity away with the power of Geass. Which came with a price; killing and destruction. Of everything. You do not know the real Lelouch. You knew the one who lied to everyone, who lied to Nunnally, to you, to Shirley, Milly, Nina, Rivalz, everyone...it was an act. I threw away my humanity long ago, and now I am paying a price. I lost everyone and everything dear to me. And the ironic thing is, although I threw away my humanity, I am still somehow in love with you. I can still feel love, although I threw away everything else.” Lelouch responded to him, with a small smile forming on his face.


 


“I don’t believe you’ve thrown away all of your humanity. You say that, but I believe there’s still some good in you somewhere. You’re right. I wouldn’t have known you would do those things. And I hated you. I hated you so much for killing Euphy, I wanted to kill you. But, I know now. I know that you didn’t do it on purpose. And...I can’t say I forgive you. Not yet. It may take my whole life. But, I’m trying to--” 


 


“And before you say anything else, I know you were in love with Euphemia, Suzaku. It will make the rejection easier, for the most part. If you’re not going to say you’re going to reject me for everything I’ve done, I do know you were in love with her.”


 


“I don’t know if I loved her.”


 


“What?”


 


Lelouch was taken aback.


 


“She...one night, when I was in the Lancelot, fighting, she told me that she was in love with me, and...I didn’t know what to think. I didn’t know if I loved her. I kept thinking about it, and I still didn’t know. I didn’t know...but I don’t think I did.”


 


“Why do you think you didn’t?”


 


Lelouch asked him, looking at him intensely. He was seriously confused. Him and Euphemia were always together, and it always seemed like he was seriously in love with her.


 


“I thought maybe I was in love with someone else.”


 


“Who--”


 


Lelouch got cut off as Suzaku pushed him against the wall again and kissed him gently. Lelouch hadn’t expected this; not at all. Suzaku pulled away.


 


“You know, you’re supposed to be a genius, the person who overthrew the Britannian government, but you couldn’t figure out who I was in love with?” Suzaku asked him, leaning back in and kissing him harder this time. They kissed for awhile, and Lelouch suddenly pushed him away. 


 


“What’s wrong?” 


 


“We can’t...do this, Suzaku. We can’t let our emotions get in the way of the Zero