in Minato's blue, blue eyes and Kisame is grateful that it is there.

Whereas Kushina is vocal with her soul and Kisame is just a smile and teeth, Minato's being is just this small light in his eyes that holds everything important to him. It's stunning and Kisame is very quiet around his blonde love because of this. Minato is understanding though, and they both know very well that silence really does speak louder than words.

Minato's eyes are always bright and wise. They never seem to dull or grow hazy, even when all three of them are up eating greasy food as night bleeds into day somewhere in the background.

( ❝Kushina takes too long in the bathroom, it's kinda worrying.❞ Kisame says often. Minato always laughs once in reply and the laugh reminds Kisame of the sound the seashells capture when the humans are quiet and the ocean is loud.


Kisame doesn't blush when he hears Minato's laugh but he does feel like fire, hot like the ocean's floor. Always something living in the cold until the underwater volcanoes burn brightly once more.



Kisame tilts his head to the side in time to avoid getting hit with the burger wrapper Minato tossed at him.


❝Never let her hear you say that,❞ Minato advises. )

Everything Kisame feels for Minato is this whirlpool of heartbeats, sweat, and wide eyes facing the sky. Minato takes everything really slow. Slow smiles. Slow laughter. Slow kisses. Slow love. Slow dancing. Slow souls.

It's this frustrating type of love that keeps Kisame alive. Everything is just this natural disaster and Kisame knows that he has never been happier to swim in the ocean.

He wonders if falling slowly is something rare. He hears all the time about people falling fast; about soulmates and love at first sight.

He doesn't truly understand any of that. Kisame only knows reckless vows and slow hearts and even that makes him feel like everything speeds by too fast and he wishes the waves would just slow down but at the same time, this is unbelievably perfect. This haunting love and those pairs of ocean eyes are all he knows and the only things he holds close.

° ° °

"I want the world to shut up. How am I supposed to hear the waves? Everything is too loud, ya know?" Kushina groans, both of her scarred hands covering her eyes. Her hair fans her lean body, draped over her like a security blanket and Kisame grins, remembering all the times she spoke of hiding behind her hair on quiet nights. She has long since abandoned her clothes and settles for half-heartedly covering her modesty with a beach towel that is still damp from all their swimming earlier.

Towel or not, neither Kisame's nor Minato's eyes wander. Kisame's home is in her own eyes and embrace, not something so superficial as her body and Minato is a gentleman who loves as deep as Kisame and Kushina.


They all understand.


"Pot, kettle," Kisame snorts.

Kushina moves her fingers apart, far enough for Kisame to see her eyes narrow darkly. "Go choke on a worm, fishass." She's quick to cover her eyes again, avoiding whatever Kisame was going to say in reply.

"Rude, Kushina, really rude. You need to grow up and...." Kisame trails off, not really sure of what to say.

Kushina moves her hands and laughs. "Weak, Kisame, weak. You can't even insult. My sweet little fish face is so cute sometimes." Kushina mocks. She always mocks him, always laughs with him, anything to have everything feel light and happy.

Kisame wonders if she knows the thoughts he has about her and her reckless love. He wonders if that's why she always has to have everything so damn cheerful all the time.

He doesn't judge her for it though. He doesn't think he could judge either her or Minato about anything, truthfully. As of now, all their mistakes have been shared with him and his own told to them in return.

There is no judgement given by any of them. Just grim smiles and accepting nods.

Minato, who has been content with just laying between them as the two of them bicker ( ❝Like an old married couple. Er theresome, only Minato doesn't bicker. Heh.❞ He recalls Kushina's friend, Tsume, saying a few years back. ) sits up, resting his weight on his elbows. Even in the dying light, Kisame can see the unattractive tan lines that cover Minato's skin and grins, already imagining all the remarks Kushina will make at Minato's expense come morning's first breath.

"Kisame's always cute," Minato says. His voice is soft and a lot quieter than both Kushina and Kisame's own voices but they have been by Minato's side long enough to hear what he said the first time even with noisy distractions plaguing their ears.

"Always good to know I'm appreciated," Kisame says, smiling in reply to Minato. He knows