planes of Zayn’s face are illuminated by the soft light streaming through the thin curtains. Like this, unguarded and sleepy, he is at his most beautiful. No stress or guilt cloud his features, no wrinkles are etched into his forehead, this is simply Zayn at his most relaxed. His eyes seem impossibly darker and more seductive in the dim lighting, but his skin seems to glow under Harry’s gaze. Harry smiles.

“What are you smiling at?” Zayn whispers.

“Nothing,” Harry replies, smiling wider. “You’re beautiful.”

Zayn reaches forward to brush away a stray strand of hair off Harry’s forehead. His eyes roam Harry’s face before coming to a stop at his lips. He wets his lips and leans forward to trap Harry’s in a lingering kiss.

“I think I’m obsessed with you,” Zayn murmurs. Harry shivers under the intensity of his gaze and reaches forward to graze Zayn’s cheek with his fingertips before grabbing Zayn’s hand and intertwining their fingers. They fall asleep like that, hands clasped tightly together as they lay oblivious to the world outside their room.

-

Harry returns home the next morning in a blissful haze. He had slept excellently the night before, and had woken up to the smell of bacon cooking on the stove. He’d padded out to the kitchen and wrapped himself around Zayn’s bare torso like a koala and buried his face into the crook of Zayn’s neck, breathing in his scent. They’d eaten in silence, feet wrapped around each other as they exchanged smiles over their food.

Sleep seems to have relieved Harry of some of his uneasy feelings about his relationship with Zayn. Sure, he still feels a sharp pang of guilt every time he thinks too hard about what they’re doing, but he no longer feels like a person he can’t recognize.

Nick isn’t in when Harry gets home, so he strips down, right there in the middle of the hallway, and runs himself a bath, willing the hot water to wash away all his troubles.

Nick arrives home an hour later while Harry’s spreading out some photos on the dining table that he needs to sort through from a fashion shoot he did during the week. He’d stayed in the bath until the water went cold and the pads of his fingers had gone prune-y, then hopped out, determined to get at least some work done this weekend.

“Well, well, well. Back from the boyfriend’s are we?” Nick remarks when he spots Harry. Harry scowls.

“Shut up.”

“So, how’d it go? Did he vow to leave his girlfriend for you and profess his undying love to you to get you into bed?”

“Do you have to be such a dick about this?”

“Just looking out for you,” Nick says, holding his palms up defensively.

“No, you’re not, you’re being a dick. Can’t you just be happy for me?” Harry says. He knew this was going to happen. It happens every time he tries to start something with someone.

“I’m just saying -”

“Just saying what?” Harry says, his voice rising with his temper.

“Can’t you see he’s fucking using you?” Nick shouts. “I know you have your moments of general obliviousness, but you can’t really be that stupid to think he’s actually into you.”

“Fuck you,” Harry spits. Despite himself, Harry can feel tears prickling at the corner of his eyes. He won’t cry, he won’t.

“Clearly his girlfriend’s strap on wasn’t enough for him anymore and he needed a taste of the real thing. Trust me, the minute he gets bored of you he’ll ditch you and I’ll be left to pick up the pieces. For fuck’s sake Harry, tell me you aren’t this fucking naïve!”

“You don’t know him, you don’t know what we have.”

“Oh please, you think this hasn’t happened a thousand times before? God this is such a cliché, how can you not see that?”

“Stop it, you don’t understand the situation.”

“You’re acting like a fucking child Harry! You know that if you were on the other side of this situation looking in you’d be saying the exact same thing I am. This man, whatever his name is, he’s just using you.”

“You’re just jealous,” Harry mumbles mutinously.

“Excuse me? Wow. Well when all this falls apart, don’t come crying to me.” With that, Nick turns on his heel and stalks off to his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.

Harry slumps forward and buries his face in his arms. He wills himself not to cry, but the more he thinks about what Nick said, the harder the tears are to control, until finally they spill hot and fast down