, before saying, "I mean, you don't have to go far. We'll keep an eye on you, I'll find you a place, of course." He didn't know what else to say. Lying felt wrong enough, but this was sick. Dean knew it.

Cas nodded, slowly, casting his eyes to the ground. "I understand. I will leave first thing tomorrow. You will not have to force me, it is for the wellfare of Sam and yourself." He rose from his seat, brushing past Dean to leave the room before any emotion could be read on his face.

"Cas, wait--" Dean grabbed him by the shoulder, and Cas spun around, sharply.

"There is one thing that I do not understand," he said, brushing Dean's hand off of him.

Just one? Dean thought, unable to verbally respond.

"I have always been there for you. I have always answered your prayers." His fists were clenched, and Dean realized that Cas was shaking. "You have always been among my highest priorities, even when it meant I would be in danger. Tell me, Dean, do I not mean that much to you?"

"It's not like that!" Dean tried. "It's not...I can't really explain it to you right now. It will all make sense eventually, I swear--"

"Eventually I will be dead, Dean. I don't have 'forever' any more." Cas' lip trembled. He'd tried so hard not to think about it since falling, but his mouth was about to tell Dean everything anyway. "I lost...I lost my wings. I am...Earth bound. I don't...I can't..." His voice abandoned him. Castiel bit down on his lip, trying to rein in his emotions. Anger had been the most difficult thing to understand and control in this new life, and Cas never understood how he could be so furious and so sad at the same time. The emotions would bubble up any time he thought about his wings being clipped. It hurt, more than just physically. His eyes were tearing up, and Cas began to panic.

"I'm sorry, Cas, I didn't--"

"You're sorry. Are you sorry, Dean? Or are you saying that to counter the guilt you would experience otherwise?" A tear escaped Castiel's eye, sliding down his nose toward his lips. "Everything is new. Everything. I have never been so scared."

Dean would have preferred to be a punching bag for an ogre at that moment. Cas looked like he was on the verge of breaking. His knuckles were turning white, and his entire frame vibrated with terror and with grief. I have to do this. I have to protect Sam. I can't let anything happen to him. I won't. Not again.

"Cas, believe me, I don't want to. I just...we just can't risk the bad guys finding this place."

"You talk about family," Cas interrupted. "How it's the most important thing in the world. Even when you don't say it, I know you, Dean. I thought that...well, I thought that, maybe..."

"Cas, don't think that I don't--"


"I need you!"


Castiel's shout made Dean jump. It echoed around the small room, begging him to listen. Then, there was silence. Cas swiped angrily at his eyes, which just filled right back up.

"Please," he whimpered, breath catching slightly as he sniffled. "I can not do this alone. I need you."

Cas needed him. Dean tried not to think about all the times he'd fallen to his knees, begging for Cas to come for him, to help him because he was at wit's end. He tried not to fathom every instance that Castiel appeared and sacrificed for him and Sam, time and again. He tried, but the thoughts came anyway, and Dean realized that he couldn't do it. If he cast him out, it was a death sentence. Maybe not today, maybe not this week, but they would catch up with him and they would kill him, and they most likely would not do it quickly.

He wouldn't be responsible for that.

Cas was staring at him, frozen in place, jaw clenched tightly to keep his voice from betraying him.

If Ezekiel was going to abandon Sam and allow him to die, that would be on him. That would be Ezekiel's sin to live with. Dean was not going to abandon anyone, especially not Cas, and especially not now. He deserved some peace, he had already been running for so long, and he was hungry and tired.

With a small step forward, Dean snatched Castiel into a tight embrace, clenching his eyes against the tears that threatened to spill forth. Cas collapsed into him