piled up in his mind as the silence sat, quietly waiting to be filled. At last they could no longer be contained, and burst from him in a despairing shout. "How could you let him do that to you? To us?" And Harry knew that of all people in the world, Snape would understand that him to mean Dumbledore.

Voldemort had done his part, but it was the betrayal he saw in Dumbledore that made Harry want to hit something. Dumbledore had never trusted Harry, never told him anything, and a near-death hallucination did not negate the essential horror.; Harry's thoughts kept circling back to that night on the tower, being immobilized, watching helplessly.

Somehow the entire past year had been that same moment repeated in slightly different form. "It was all accidental. What kind of Chosen One defeats their enemy by accident?"

"And you, you... I don't know what you are. Was anything real to you, after my mum died? And you knew her, you bastard, why does no one ever tell me anything?"

Harry sat down in the hard hospital chair and stared at Snape's profile. "Remus is right down the hall, you know. He's even worse off than you. It's like the world wants everyone who could tell me something real about my parents to disappear. Well, you can't, do you hear? You can't just die before you explain what these really mean." And he took out the bottle and shook it, as if Snape could see and protest.

Then he sighed and slumped over, head in his hands, the bottle cold against his temple. "I don't know what to do now," he whispered.

After a few more moments of silence, Harry ran a hand down his face and stood once more. He tucked the bottle back into his jacket and hoped he didn't look too upset. It wouldn't do to have the Aurors asking questions, not if he wanted to come back tomorrow, and the next day. Until Snape either woke or died, Harry could fill the silence and put off the inevitable moment when he had to face his future.

 

Two weeks later, Harry had been in to sit with Snape every day, just for a few minutes on his way back from sitting with Remus, or visiting Charlie, or looking in on some of the children who had been orphaned by the war. There was always some errand that got him in the door, and he always ended each day at Snape's bedside.

Harry didn't know why he felt like talking in that room, although Hermione had her theories. Harry had learned that the easiest way to shut her up about healing and therapy and empathy was to ask her how her parents were doing. He sometimes felt guilty at the way her shoulders slumped and her mouth drooped when he asked, but after fielding so many of her well-meaning inquiries it was the only weapon he had left. She had not thought that her parents would object so fiercely to the actions she took to protect them, but it was obvious that their current estrangement pained Hermione deeply.

"I should feel worse about that, I suppose. She means well, and she meant well with her parents. She saved my arse too many times to count." Somehow the ledger never seemed balanced with Ron and Hermione. They tried to tell him that the ledger didn't actually exist, but it was practically carved into his skin at this point, all the ways he owed them, all the ways he had endangered them, all the ways they had almost died for no good reason except that he, Harry, existed.

"It's like with Mrs. Weasley. She wants to be mum for me now, and that's great, but where was she when my life was hell? Staying out of it like Dumbledore told her to. Sending me jumpers as if that could solve my problems, and feeding me up for as long as she had me."

Sometimes he thought he saw Snape move. Just a twitch, a flicker of eyelash, a breath that seemed more labored than the rest.

"I guess you really couldn't be any better to me than you were. Voldemort was on the rise, you had a job to do. Not to mention you actually are a bastard. I wanted to kill you, you know. More than I wanted Voldemort, sometimes. Is that what you wanted? Did you plan to let me kill you and leak your memories to me? Or try to explain in the seconds before I could manage a curse? Maybe you knew that I was no better at dueling than I had ever been. I didn't even really duel Voldemort! Merlin, what a mess."

Sometimes Harry wished he had a pensieve with him so he could watch the memories in his pocket again, with Snape there. He forgot details, no matter how many times he went back to watch them all again. And again. And again.

He hadn't watched them all in one