his knees to pull my blue plaid pajama pants off while I pulled my shirt over my head. I felt him drag his lips over my length slowly, causing me to moan loudly and buck my hips forward. He grabbed my ass, pulling me closer as he licked the underside of my shaft as I moaned a little too loudly before pushing his head away. He grabbed one of my hands and pushed three of my fingers past his lips where he started to suck and lick at them as he moaned. I pulled my fingers from his mouth and pushed him back onto the ground so he could watch as I slowly pushed one finger past my tight ring muscle. I purposefully avoided my prostate focusing wholly on stretching myself for his above average member. I pushed another finger into myself as I moaned loudly, squeezing my eyes shut while I began scissoring myself. My knees started to feel weak, making me drop down as I pushed the last finger in. I felt his hands on my waist, pulling me against his chest as I continued to thrust my fingers in and out of my twitching hole. “G-go get the lu-u-be!” I instructed feeling him tip me off of his chest before getting up. I pulled my fingers out of myself before grabbing my neglected member and rubbing it slowly, watching as JoJo came back down the stairs holding the clear bottle filled with a gooey clear substance.

“I’m gonna start puttin’ it on, is that ok...Master Kakyoin?” My face flushed as a sly smile spread across my face. I couldn’t manage to form any sort of sentence due to my mixture of embarrassment and arousal that all I could do was nod. I watched as he walked towards me while pouring lube onto his hands before rubbing it on his rock hard member. “How do you want me, Master Kakyoin?” I bit my lip, whimpering slightly at the name before hoarsely replying.

“Lay down with your head propped up so you can watch me.” He nodded before sitting down on the pile of blankets and lying down exactly as I instructed him. I slowly crawled over to him, situating myself over his manhood with my hands placed on his pecs for support. He grabbed my hips, looking at me for approval to begin pushing me onto him. I nodded, biting my lip gently before I felt his cock push past my ring muscle. I heard him sigh contently while I moaned as I sank all the way down until I rested against his hips. I forced my eyes open so I could see his expression, his eyes were closed and his lips parted just enough to let the quick breaths escape easily. I used my arms to push myself up again until just the head was inside before slamming myself back down, causing us both to moan loudly. 

“N-Nori!” He grunted as I picked a rather slow pace to ride him, making sure to rotate my hips ever so slightly in order to give him even more pleasure. Unfortunately for me, rotating my hips meant his cock rarely touched my prostate, but seeing his reaction was enough for me. His eyes were squeezed tightly and his dull nails were digging into my hips while his chest was rising and falling quickly as he moaned loudly. “N-o-t g-onna l-last l-o-” His sentence was cut short as another string of moans escaped his lips as he began bucking his hips up to meet my bounces. I felt him grab my bouncing erection and began to pump it in time with his thrusts up into me. 

"Sh-hit me ne-ither!" I groaned, quickening my pace.

"Fuck! Lem-me cum!" He yelled as he tightened the hand that was around my cock while he bucked his hips up forcing a pleasures squeal from me.

"No-t yet!" I managed to say between strings of moans. No matter how hard I tried to keep my eyes open I couldn't anymore. The pleasure that was burning in my lower stomach was becoming uncontrollable and I really didn't want to be the first to cum, even though I usually am. 

"P-please, fu-uck!" He pleaded while abandoning my member in order to grab my hips again. "Shit I-I can't w-wait m-uch mm-more!" My elbows buckled causing me to fall against him, allowing him full control over my hips. I pressed my lips to his as he pulled my hips up and down, slamming right into my prostate with every thrust. Both of us were moaning into the other's mouth as we feverishly kissed. 

"C-cum!" I commanded against his lips, feeling him immediately slam my hips down against his, fill me with his seed. I squeezed my eyes shut as I finally let go of my control, allowing myself to cum, spilling myself on both of our chests. 

We both laid in that position for what felt like years even after Jotaro softened up enough to pull out of me with little effort. It seemed that we both were having trouble catching our breath after the