’re heading, just that it’s opposite of those howls. Why did it have to be the full moon.

  It’s a while before the howls fade, and you feel safe enough to slow down. When you look over your shoulder, it doesn’t look like anyone’s following you, but you’re not exactly a supe with super hearing, or smell, or anything.

  In your moment of distraction, you completely miss the huge-ass stump you’re running right towards. It takes only a second for you to snag a foot, your bad foot, on the roots and hit the ground with a smack.

  Your breath leaves your chest in a rush as you scrape your hands down the side of the truly gargantuan stump you’ve tripped on. Something black and gooey gets stuck under your nails, but that’s really last on your very-long list of problems. Top of the list is probably the fact you’re face-down in a snow bank in the middle of an unknown part of the forest, retching for breath and gagging on the snow that clogs your nose. Oh, and the fact the snow underneath you practically steams where your blood drips onto it.

  It takes all you have to turn yourself over, propped part way against the stump and suddenly very dizzy. You can’t feel your hands anymore, but a quick glance tells you your palms are bleeding, which is just a shitty cherry on the top of a very shitty night.

  You can still smell the smoke, oh god.

  You gag again, but you’d eaten so little that day, there’s nothing to force up. Instead, you’re just left heaving.

  After a while of doing nothing but sitting there, hoping to catch your breath enough to force yourself on, you realize that you’re probably not going to get up again. You can’t feel your feet now, and you’re well aware of the snow piling on top of you, slowly but steadily.

  You kick yourself for not going strought to Scott’s, for going in the completely wrong direction. But with your dad’s yells to run in your ears, you’d done just that.

  You close your eyes as your breathing settles a little bit. Clumsily wiping your mouth on the back of your hand, you start to think maybe dying here wouldn’t be all that bad; it’d certainly be better than getting ripped apart by vampires. Which is a horrible thing to imagine when you’re already feeling queasy.

  You groan and force the feeling down, pushing away all the memories of the last things you’d seen as the blonde vampire had set your house ablaze: your father pinned against the wall, screaming for you to leave. Blood everywhere, god there had been so much blood—

  A sharp yip yanks you from your thoughts, eyes flying open. There’s some space between the stump and the surrounding forest, almost as if the trees were afraid to grow too close, and directly in front of you, standing next to the very last tree before the clearing is a sandy-colored wolf, which, wow, is bullshit you do not want to deal with right now.

  You don’t move, hoping it’ll just go away, but then the wolf starts to take cautious steps forward, tail aimed downwards. Like he’s afraid of you. You almost laugh.

  It isn’t until the wolf is little more than a foot away that you try to back up. Weakly pushing yourself further against the stump isn’t going to help anything, you know that, but it’s certainly better than just laying there.

  The wolf hesitates at your feet. Huge blue eyes watch you intently, assessing you, you think. Honestly, it’s hard to look away, the danger aside; you’ve never been this close to a wolf before, were or not. You’ve never realized just how powerful they look, with rippling muscles and absolutely gorgeous-looking fur.

  Weird thought to have. You kick yourself for it.

  The wolf pulls back his lips, but doesn’t growl. Instead, it kind of looks like he’s smiling.

  He takes another few steps forward, until his snout is mere inches from your nose, and you can feel his breath on your skin. He inhales deeply several times, then ducks his head to snuffle at the red splotch across your chest.

  Automatically, you shove him away, because you are not letting him bite you, not today, no siree.

  Yipping again softly, he steps away a little, and christ, he looks offended. You refuse to feel bad for him.

  He plops down on his haunches to watch you again. Unnerving, really, but he kind of looks like the puppy you and Scott had dogsat when you were ten. Wouldn’t that be awkward.

  “What,” you grit out, the edges of your vision starting to cloud a little bit; you do not need to pass out right now.