friends?”

“Seriously? You’ll let me try?”

“As long as you don’t tell anyone.”

“I promise,” Louis replies and drops to his knees on the floor. He crawls so he’s in front of Zayn.

“You don’t look half bad down there.”

“Shut up or I won’t suck you dick. I’ll go ask Liam instead.”

Zayn rolls his eyes, “Come on don’t be such a baby.”

Louis hits his leg, “Are we going to do this or not?”

“Fine,” Zayn sighs out and moves to unbutton his jeans. The button pops open and he pulls the zipper down. He wiggles his hips to get his pants to slide down a tad so he underwear is showing.

Louis stares at Zayn’s covered package. It’s nothing fancy, nor something he hasn’t seen before, but this is different. He’s getting up close and personal with Zayn’s dick.

“You just going to stare or what?”

Louis swallows, “Sorry, just...I don’t know. This is a little crazy, yeah?”

Zayn laughs, “A whole lot of crazy.”

Louis lets out a nervous laugh as well. He brushes his hands on his jeans then places them on Zayn’s knees. He’s looking right at Zayn when he gently pushes his legs apart and moves to be closer to him.

“You can say no at any time,” Louis comments.

“I know...and you as well.”

“T-thanks.”

“No seriously I mean it. This is as much about me as it is about you.”

Louis can only nod. He looks down at Zayn’s covered dick. There’s not much to talk about. Zayn’s not hard yet, so it’s just a bulge covered by his underwear.

“Can I touch you? Like with my hands?” Louis asks.

“Yeah...yeah that’s fine. Can take my underwear off too...or whatever.”

Louis’ hands come up and pull the band of Zayn’s underwear down. The head of his dick pokes out and flops down as the underwear is being taken off. His cock gives a slight twitch when Louis’ hand comes up to touch it.

Louis is tentative when he touches Zayn. He doesn’t tug at his dick to make him hard, but just touches it with his hand to get a feel for it, 

“You’re circumcised,” Louis comments.

“Yeah, uh, it’s a thing in Muslim cultural. Not like what Jewish people where it’s a whole ceremony, but just...a thing.”

“Does it feel weird?”

“I don’t know, never had a foreskin to begin with so it’s not like I know life with one and one without.”

“Do girls like it?”

Zayn shrugs, “They’ve commented a few times since it’s not usually a thing they see, but no one’s been mean about it.”

“Just so weird to think a little piece of skin makes penises so different. Like I go through my life one and here you are without.”

“I’m too high right to think about that...please just jerk me off or stop touching me cause this is getting a little weird.”

Louis laughs, “Sorry, lad. Just didn’t think this would be such a thing for me.” He tugs at Zayn’s member and it starts to harden. It’s not an instant boner but it’s something to work with.

“I’m gonna put my mouth on your dick now,” Louis announces once Zayn’s dick is hard in his hand and the head is just slightly red.

“Ok, thanks for the warning...I guess.”

Louis licks his lips before slowly moving his mouth to cover the head of Zayn’s member. Zayn sighs out. Louis’ mouth is warm and wet making him leak the tinest bit.

Louis licks at the head like it’s a lollipop. He can taste Zayn’s pre-come and it’s salty, but it doesn’t stop him from licking at the head.

“You keep that up and I’ll come really soon,” Zayn says.

“How soon?”

“I don’t know. I can’t count time to know how soon I’ll blow a load, just do something else.”

Louis takes Zayn’s advise and he slowly moves down Zayn’s dick until he gags. He doesn’t have a horrible gag reflex but it’s enough that he knows where he’s at Zayn’s dick is the furthest he can go without choking himself.

He moves back and lets his hand work itself up and down Zayn a few times before taking him back into his mouth. He sets a pretty good rhythm of what he thinks Zayn will like, and from the moans Zayn is making it means he must like it.

When Louis’ jaw gets a little sore from