remains. I put some tape around the site and got some people from my team to sift through all the snow to find anything they could. So far they found a glove and a sharp stick covered in dust. We are going on the assumption that the dust is his. We have also been able to retrieve most of his remains from the snow." I sigh in relief. They both nod their agreement. 

"So is their any lead on the perp?" I ask. She shakes her head. The glove was very common and the stick was just a normal stick. Alphys checked both for DNA and finger prints but there was none. The person was smart and didn't use magic to kill him, or else we could have used that to find them through the magicians mark." We nod in understanding. 

"Do you have a motive yet?" She shakes her head. 

"It seems like a random kill. Everyone loved Snow. He never got in fights. Everyone thought his jokes were annoying but no one ever killed anyone over bad jokes. If they did Sans would have been dusted long ago.

"Hey! My jokes aren't that bad. They are very punny." Undyne groans and I crack a smile at him. He kisses my cheek and I blush which causes Undyne to groan more.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

We all feel like crap thinking about the poor kid when Undyne suddenly jumps up and grabs our wrists. Knowing what she is about to do, I lift Sans with some tendrils and activate my bracelets just as she starts pulling. She drags us out of her house and takes us to the river. "No use moping around. We need to get in the right head space to figure this out so we are going to have fun."

We get to the river and she strips down to her bikini and instructs us to do the same. I comply knowing I have no choice and look over to see Sans blushing. I can tell he is having a lot of trouble not looking at me. I also noticed he isn't striping. Undyne asks, "what's wrong Sans, are ya shy or something?"

"N-no I just only have boxers on." I roll my eyes.

"Well teleport home and put on some swim trunks." He nods still blushing and is gone in a flash. Literally. Undyne jumps in and I dive in after her.

Sans is back a couple minutes later but just stands on land looking nervous. I roll my eyes and wrap a tendril around his ankle and drag him in. He kerplunks into the water and surfaces a few seconds later coughing. He gives ne a dirty look and is about to splash me when I force him back underwater, but this time with an air bubble.

I go under with an air bubble as well and swim down five feet to where I trapped him. He is struggling and cursing trying to get free. I laugh at him and swim closer joining our air bubbles. "Whats wrong lover boy. Feel weighed down by something." He gives me another dirty look.

"Let me go Liara."

"Nah, I like watching you struggle with no way of gaining control."

"Wow, didn't figure of you as the kinky type." I shrug and swim closer till I am inches from his face. I wrap my arms around his neck and press my body against his. He is blushing furiously. "Wow and you called me a perv." I can see my glowing, eyes reflected in his. Although, everything looks sea green with all of this algae water around us. I can see in his eyes what dirty thoughts he is having right now and smirk evily. 

I wrap my legs around him and start gyrating my waist on his crotch. "S-stop that." He blushes even harder and bites his lower lip, fighting a loosing battle with his lower area. A few short seconds later and I feel him get harder and harder the more I move. I hold back evil laughter as he fights back a moan. 

I lean forward and kiss him passionately. I feel the fought moan on my mouth as he lets it win. Having felt it was the right time I then pull back and release my body from his. I hear him whimper from the loss of contact. "What I thought you wanted me to stop."

"I change my mind. Come on you can't just tease me like that." He whines.

"I can and am. Besides Undyne is probably freaking out." I release him from my invisible prison.

"But I can't go back up there with this." He indicates to his now fully erect member. I shrug,

"Sorry can't help you there." I then swim back to the surface hearing his cursing all the way until I breached the surface of the water.

"LIARA WHERE THE HELL HAVE YOU BEEN? and where's Sans?" 

"Sorry I'm pulling a prank on him. Right now, he is still down there."

"When are you gonna let him back up