search for him everywhere—for hours sometimes, in fear something had happened to him. They would never find him though, because he would be too busy looking around the flowers in the garden or the artworks hung on the walls.

Sehun hid from them too; whenever he could, when he didn’t want to be found. It still amused him, even now, especially now. It reminded him of his youth.

He used to play around with servants back in the day, there was no one else to play cat and mouse with him after all. It was a rebellion of some sort. But no one acknowledged it, no oneknew it, and in the end they would forget he was even there in the first place, too busy to chase after Sehun.

Since birth, Sehun had always been alone. He was fine with it, being alone was better than being with those people anyway. Not that he hated them, he just felt inadequate next to them. Sehun had never belonged to this world. Even if he was born in a golden cage, he simply wasn’t like them.

In his twenties, he remembered being followed around like he was a king; women tried to seduce him, wanting Sehun to marry them or their daughters, throwing themselves at his feet shamelessly, while men mostly wanted to sign contracts with his father’s company—although some of them wanted him for him too. Who wouldn’t want the handsome son of a millionaire to be his?

But he couldn’t care less. Sehun, far from being a naïve young boy, had quickly understood how this world worked. And so, he had basked in the unwanted attention, made use of his popularity and wealth, and had played a game of pretend.

It was then than Sehun had found art. Art was his haven. Art allowed him to escape. Art meant freedom for Sehun. More than art itself, Sehun loved beauty. Sehun couldn’t really define what beauty meant—even for him—or what the essence of beauty was exactly, but it was all he even sought in art. Beauty. Not any, but a special beauty—something out of this world. And the more uncommon, the better.

With his new discovery, he had realized that, for the first time in his life, he was lucky to belong to the wealthier families. Because art was expensive, art was reserved to the elite, art was for the riches. Since then, Sehun chose the places he went to depending on his knowledge on their collections or art and what he could buy from them to add to his own collection. In a sense, Sehun only went to galas to buy art from his peers.

At twenty-five, his collection had already been ridiculously gigantic. And worth billions. Sehun had never looked at the price when he liked something, he didn’t need to anyway. But not a lot of people knew of his hobby, Sehun being a particularly secretive person, and he wanted it to stay that way.

It was also at twenty-five years old that he found his most precious masterpiece. A work of art by the name of Kim Jongin. And like any other pieces of art that he found to his liking, Jongin had to be his, no matter what. It was just his luck that Jongin had wanted him too.

Jongin had been the main dancer of the spectacle at the gala Sehun was invited to. As usual, Sehun had wandered in the mansion and had found a good hiding place upstairs. From where he was, he could see the stage and could enjoy the show without anyone bothering him. Hidden behind a pillar, he was waiting when the lights went off.

As soon as Jongin had taken his position in the center of the stage, Sehun hadn’t been able to look away from his majestic figure. He had been mesmerized by the way Jongin had walked and had stood on that stage in front of hundred pair of curious eyes. Jongin was shining brighter than anyone and Sehun had even forgotten about the other dancers.

Jongin’s dancing was beautiful, of course, but Sehun had found Jongin way more beautiful. Dance was art, but for SehunJongin was the true masterpiece of the gala and not only for his performance. For once, Sehun had found beauty outside inanimate objects, for once art had been a living and breathing piece.

Sehun’s eyes hadn’t left Jongin’s figure even after the show, following his every moves as he talked, smiled and flirted with people. They were all over him as soon as he stepped out of the stage, congratulating him, touching him, envying him, and desiring him. With a scowl on his face, Sehun had watched them lose interest an hour later, forgetting all about the beautiful dancer in favor of the host of the gala.

Jongin hadn’t been left alone completely, two charming women on each side of his arms giggling and trying to seduce him. The dancer had continued to smile pleasantly, flirting back with glinting eyes but Sehun knew better. He had waited, and