Justin's stomach growled, so in spite of everything, he headed for the diner. Deb took one look at him and hauled him to an empty booth and demanded to know what was wrong. Justin could only babble, but somehow Deb got the gist of it, put in an order for him and grabbed the phone.

Even though Justin had no appetite, he automatically started eating the moment the food was set in front of him. He couldn't believe this was happening to him, that Brian had disappeared. Halfway through the meal Carl came rushing in. Sparing a quick glance at Deb who nodded toward the booth where Justin sat, and taking a deep breath he sat across from him.

"So, son, I hear there's a problem?"

Justin swallowed the bite of hamburger he'd just taken, grateful that Carl has shown up. Hearing himself explain it, he wasn't surprised at the dubious look on Carl's face. Quite frankly Justin couldn't blame him. A hospital losing a patient? He wouldn't have believed it either.

Carl sat back on the bench seat and scratched his head. "Excuse me for a moment; I need to check on something." He got up, concerned that Justin might need psychiatric care. He moved away and considered his course of action. Deb moved to come to his side, but he waved her away. Justin's story was, to put it mildly, implausible. There was one way to disprove it, so he got out his phone and called the hospital. He identified himself and asked for an update on Brian Kinney. His mouth dropped open when they confirmed that no one named Brian Kinney was listed as a patient. Slowly he closed his phone and returned to sit across from Justin. "Okay, just how long has Brian been missing?"

Relieved that Carl didn't think him crazy, Justin closed his eyes and tried to put things in order. "My mom showed up at eight last night and insisted I go rest." He opened his eyes. "I didn't want to but she's my mom. She said Molly was at a sleepover and she had all night. I told her I'd be back early and I really meant to be back, but I must have been more tired than I realize." Justin paused to take a breath. "When I did get to the hospital it was around seven. I went into the room and he was ... gone. The room was empty." Tears were welling up in his eyes. "My mom wasn't there and when I asked at the desk, they didn't know shit. I tried to call her. It fucking went into voice mail." Justin started to hyperventilate. He was on the verge of a panic attack. Just then he cell phone went off. Justin opened his phone and looked at the caller id. "Mom?"

"Oh, Honey, I'm so sorry I missed your call. Everything's been such a mess, but when the Lancaster's called and said Molly was throwing up, I just had to go. She's finally stopped vomiting. Thank goodness Michael showed up and offered to stay or I never would have left," Jennifer hurriedly explained.

"Woah! Did you say Michael?" Justin asked blankly. What was Michael doing there? Early on Michael had made a nuisance of himself by insisting that he, as Brian's best friend, was the only one that knew what was best for him. It was when Justin came into the room and heard Mikey insisting to a comatose Brian that if it weren't for Justin, he-Brian- wouldn't be in the hospital at all, that the decision to limit Michael's visits were made. He didn't realize when Carl took the phone from his hand.

"Yes, Dear. Michael. Surely he explained everything," Jennifer continued to talk unaware that Justin had stopped listening.

"Jennifer? This is Carl Horvath. What were you saying about Michael?"

"Oh. Hello, Carl. Is something wrong with Justin?"

"That depends. What were you saying about Michael?" Carl repeated the question. Before he could get an answer, Justin snatched the phone from his hand and began dialing.

Back at the loft, Michael was shutting the door having accepted the delivery of take out. Brian was currently standing barefoot and bare-chested in one corner of the loft examining the DVD collection.

"Foods here," Michael called out waving the bag as he set the pizza box on the kitchen counter.

Brian immediately looked up and hurried over, the VHS tape he'd been studying in his hand. He flipped open the box lid and surprised Mikey by smacking his lips as he peeked in the bag and spied the fried chicken.

"What's this?" Mikey asked as he studied the label on the VHS tape. Yellow Submarine?

Brian snatched it back and moved back to the TV, slipping it into the tape deck. "Don't know, but it looks interesting." Grabbing