airy atrium. Once upon a time it was a greenhouse, but the plants have grown wild and the windows are cracked. In the center of the room is a small round pad with a strange, fractal design inscribed upon it. Curious, you step up and stand on it –

– and find yourself in a narrow, circular room. There are stairs spiraling up, and a rusted metal box. Shivering, you step off the platform, and after a few moments hesitantly climb up the stairs. They end in a wooden trapdoor, which makes a loud groaning noise when you push at it. You clamber up and then stop, surprised and enchanted by what you see.

It’s a respiteblock. Light slants in through two windows, creating a bright, peaceful sort of ambiance. Against the left wall, right beneath the window, is a real, actual recuperacoon. It’s dusty and old, but it is a far more preferable alternative to the hollowed-out thermal hull you sink into every night. Beneath the other window is a desk. It’s still piled high with papers and gadgets. The owner himself is slumped atop them, nothing more than a collection of black bones draped in rags. Hesitantly, you approach. The forehead is pressed into the wood. What could’ve been a pen sits a little way away from the remnants of the hand. He was obviously in the middle of writing something when he just…keeled over and died. Reverently, you touch the skull. He must have been very old.

Bone by bone, you throw the skeleton out the window. Based on the view, it seems you’re inside the smaller globe, near the top of the tower. Somehow, that circle thing managed to teleport you all the way up here from the atrium.

You smile. It will make moving much easier!

Once you’re settled into your new respiteblock, you curl up in the recuperacoon as the sun rises. In your hands is a journal.

The troll who lived here was an old blueblooded scienterrorist by the name of Jaaked Enlish, known to the world as the Examiner. The tower was originally a research station, built to study the island’s unique flora and fauna. Its isolation also made it the perfect place to conduct top-secret Imperial experiments. You stay up late into the day reading until you can’t hold your eyes open anymore. You dream, then, of a room deep underground, a small room containing filing cabinets, all filled with something dreadfully important. But before you can find out what that is you’re blinking open your eyes beneath the sopor.

After breakfast, you descend into the basement.

You’re not afraid. In your vision there was nothing to harm you, just dark and quiet. You can’t help but be unsettled, though. Something happened here, something horrible. You can feel it in the air, in the way the hairs on the back of your neck prickle ever so slightly. You swallow. The stairs end in a heavy steel door. It opens with a groan. You shiver, and your rifle materializes from your sylladex. You feel better with it in your hands. You push the button on the wall. The lights flicker on sluggishly in one bright line, leading the way down the tunnel.

You’ve never been here before, but you know where to go. Left, then right, then left again, and again. The hallway is lined with doors, all of them closed, none of them your objective. They are not labeled. You’re not sure if you want to know what’s behind them. Eventually the tunnel stops. The rock opens up into a cavernous room, nearly pitch-dark and fathomless, the opposite end lost in gloom. The path continues as a rickety-looking metal catwalk. You pause at the edge. Below you, long, neat rows of cylindrical tanks stretch into infinity, metallic and opaque. Each has a control box that glows with an eerie red light, made small with distance. You shudder and tighten your grip on your rifle. This place gives you the creeps. You wish your lusus was here with you. But you’re older, and don’t need him so much anymore, and so you lift your chin and push your too-big glasses up your nose and hurry forward.

You walk for what feels like hours. Eventually, the catwalk ends, becoming a tunnel through the rock once again. You’re getting closer to your goal. You speed up to a trot, your breath huffing between your teeth. At last, you come upon a door, much like the others. You know this one’s it, though. It opens under your touch and you slip inside.

It’s a small, dark room, lined with terminals. One wall is entirely glass, letting the occupants observe what seems to be an operating room. A pile of bones is still on the table. You shudder and continue, passing more doors and more awful operating rooms. None of them have bones.