few seconds, and Sans was still too preoccupied with laughter to dodge or protect himself against her shot- which hit him right in the face too.

“Bull’s eye!” She cried with joy. Sans wasn’t laughing anymore. Both of them were still for a moment before he started striding over to her.

Uh oh. Frisk thought. She started walking, then fast walking, then running again as Sans began to chase her. Her boots crunched the dense snow as she ran over it and proceeded to make another snowball. After glancing for a millisecond back at Sans, she threw the snowball back towards him, which he easily dodged. He was gaining on her.

Shit shit shit shit shit. Frisk tried to run faster, but her laughter was making her do the opposite. And soon after making another snowball, she felt Sans jump on her from behind, forcing her to fall forward to the ground. She threw her arms out to avoid falling on her face, making sure she didn’t crush her newly made snowball, then squirmed around so she was lying on her back. Sans still had the upper hand- being on top of her, but at least if she was facing him she could attempt to hit him one last time-

“Hey!” Sans had readily pinned her arms above her head, ripping her last plan to shreds. She pouted at him. “Saaaans.” She struggled to free her wrists from his skeletal grasp, but to no avail. She still held onto her snowball in one of her immobile hands, her very last hope.

“Told you you’d have a bad time.” Sans grinned down at her.

“Hmph.” She grunted, powerless.

Powerless. The thought had destroyed her chance of winning the snowball fight (however you could win one), but it had awakened something else inside of her. Something that confused and excited her. Something that had to do with Sans being on top of her, and quite closely, as well. Only then, did she notice that his face was only inches away from hers, and just when she was wondering what was going to happen next, Sans’ cheeks turned blue and his expression suddenly changed from smug to awkward realization. He must have noticed the same thing she just did.

Frisk could feel her cheeks warm, but she didn’t let her flushed state throw her off her goal. Since Sans’ guard was down just enough for her to free her hands, she did just that and quickly rolled the both of them over so that she was on top instead. Frisk straddled his lap, then took her last snowball and smeared it all over his face, laughing hysterically as he sputtered and tried to pry her hands away. After a combination of him succeeding and her stopping because there was no more snowball, Sans brushed the majority of the snow off his face and glowered at her.

“What a turn of events, huh?” She smirked at him. It felt great to make a pun out of her victory, but when Sans’ response was only a confused look, she sighed.

“You know, because I turned us over?”

“Oh. Oh man… kid, why?” Sans groaned and she laughed again. She thought that was a pretty good one!

When she finished her laughing fit, she looked back at Sans to find him regarding her with that strange look again. But something was different this time… like he wanted something. Frisk waited, but he didn’t do anything; just kept watching her.

Then she felt it again: that urge to kiss him.

The snow falling around them, the far off golden light from Grillby’s, the fact that she was sitting on Sans’ lap, who made no move to get up anytime soon, and the way he was looking at her… she felt the need to do something in this situation.

Without further consideration, Frisk leaned down and gave the skeleton a soft kiss on his left cheek. She had closed her eyes- for what reason, she wasn’t sure; it just felt right, and she had felt Sans tense beneath her when her lips met his skull. When she sat back up, the blueness was back, but in a darker shade than she’d ever seen, and Sans wore a slightly nervous and very confused expression. But he wasn’t pitiful, or scared, or disgusted, or angry… Her hopes rose inside of her, but she wouldn’t let herself get too excited yet with no proof of anything.

“What-“ Sans cleared his throat. “…What was that for?” He asked her, his cheeks still tinged with blue.

Frisk shrugged nonchalantly and attempted her best cool and confident voice to say, “’Cause you looked cute and- and I felt like it.” Damnit. Stammered a bit there. Sans only viewed her with a thoughtful and inquisitive look that still held a hint of confusion and… hope? That’s all Frisk could think of that other underlying emotion as.

Suddenly feeling the cold from the wintery weather, a shiver ran through her body and she