moans. Inadvertently, he caught John's self-satisfied little smile and sent him a sidelong glance. How dare the man be all smug about this? Stupid John with his stupid soldier's dominance complex and his stupid handgun. Stupid stupid stupid...

"Here we go. Now, just let me make a call..."

Sherlock roared and John jumped again. Didn't you hear me the first time? 

"What is wrong with you? I don't care if you're not happy, I need to make a call so someone comes and brings you home!"

That was it. Sherlock couldn't take any more of John's obliviousness. Gingerly, he got up, and teetered to the door.

"Where are you going? Wait!"

Sherlock managed his way down the stairs but his leg wobbled with pain and on the last step, he crashed.

"You're injured, for God's sake! What's wrong with my room?"

I don't care about your stupid room, Sherlock sulked. He limped to the kitchen and was relieved to see his clothes were still lying on the floor.

"Wait, he'll rant for hours if you ruin these..."


Oh, you have no idea...


Sherlock rolled into a ball and pressed the clothes close to him. See? They're mine. MINE. What does that tell you? 

John had stopped dead in his tracks and stared.

"You're... don't tell me you're Sherlock's pet?" he staggered.

Sherlock groaned in dismay. Don't be daft. I wouldn't want a pet! And a tiger? Please. I already have you anyway. 

He left the clothes there and hobbled towards his room. He jumped onto his bed and rolled on his back, sending John a look. See? I'm not a cat. I'm human. Hu-man. He didn't realize cats did in fact lie on their backs too, when they wanted to play. John just goggled.

"Right. I have no idea what you're saying. Please do take the bed, it's not like he uses it. If you're Sherlock's pet, I'm going to kill him..."

Sherlock snapped and snarled at his infuriating flatmate – how could he be so slow? John backed off.

"Okay, okay, let me just call him, all right?"

Oh yeah, call me. That's gonna help. John picked his phone and dialled a number. It rang in the kitchen. John cursed.

"How could he leave his phone when he didn't even tell me where he was going?" he asked in a desperate tone, looking at the one he was trying to call.

Sherlock shrugged and ignored him. I give up. You're too stupid to be worth my time. 

"God I swear you're just like him, so bloody arrogant and capricious and... No... Don't tell me..."

A glimmer of hope flickered in Sherlock's eyes and he regained interest. John's legs wavered and he sat down on the bed.

"Sherlock... are you Sherlock?"

Sherlock sighed in relief. Finally. 

"Oh God I've gone bonkers..."

Oh God, not again ! Sherlock roared in exasperation and John jumped – again.

"Would you please stop doing that?" he yelled back.

Sherlock sent him a dark look and scoffed. John had never seen a scoffing tiger, and his bewilderment was increasing by the second.

"What have you done?"

Sherlock glanced at him. Are you an idiot? Wait, I don't even know why I'm asking. 

"You can't be Sherlock. Is there a hidden camera or something? Someone must have trained you to react like this..."

John's stupidity was just boundless. Sherlock just shook his head and grew more desperate: he had no idea what was happening to him, and he couldn't count on John to be of any help. All he'd managed to do was shoot a bullet at him.

"How am I supposed to bloody believe you've turned into a tiger?" he shouted.

Sherlock winced at the outburst. Yes, why would you? But beyond the bitterness he had to admit that John usually did believe him. Always.

Except... Remembering one time John hadn't actually believed him (even though he'd been right, of course), he jumped off from the bed, stumbling as he landed on his injured leg, and left the room. John didn't follow, and that was just fine. After roaming the living-room for a minute or so, he finally found what he was looking for: the Cluedo. He tried to grab it and remembered he couldn't, with those stupid paws. Dull. Picking it in his mouth, holding it tight between his jaws, he went back to the room and stared at John. The idiot shivered, and Sherlock realized he could indeed look quite intimidating