it better not to try and just ridiculize himself more.

“You know,” Hanamaki said, holding out a hand for Hajime. He grabbed it with some grumbling but let himself be pulled up. “you could have just told me you never skated before, I'd have understand and you wouldn't have slipped so quickly.”

“Shut up.”

Hanamaki grinned and patted his back. Hajime kept a death grip on the border, trying to get his feet to stay in place.

“Oikawa sent me a text when we were walking, telling me to watch out for you because of that. I wouldn't have thought your pride would let you go for the fall, though.” He chuckled. “That was impressive, though! Never saw someone fall so gracefully!”

Hajime tried to hit him, but his foot started slipping when he let go of the border and he chose not to risk another fall.

Hanamaki grabbed his wrist and pulled him closer.

“Here, take my hands, I'll teach you.”

 

 

After half an hour, they went sitting outside the rink to take a break. Hajime now knew more or less how to keep his balance and move – though he didn't move much.

“I'm gonna get us drinks, I'll be back.”

Hajime nodded and watched him climb the stairs to the stand. He looked away when his phone went off. It was Matsukawa, asking him to remind Hanamaki to bring him his textbook back the next day. Hajime snorted.

[To: Matsukawa]Why don't you say that to him?

[From: Matsukawa]if you were busy i know youd ditch everything to check if its important

[From: Matsukawa]anyway have fun on your date guys

“Seriously, what's with the date thing today?” He sighed and looked back at the stairs, from where Hanamaki was going down. “It's not a dat–”

His mind went blank for a moment. Hanamaki was talking to some girl, both were laughing. Even as he talked to her, his smile didn't falter. Did he always have teeth that white? His smile was very nice.

“Wait. Shit.”

Was it a date? An actual date? Did Hanamaki mean it as one? Do I want it to be one?

Hanamaki waved at the girl who directly went for the ice rink. He sat next to Hajime, a smile still on his face. He gave him a soda can which Hajime took carefully. Not carefully enough that he wouldn't touch Hanamaki's fingers in the process and notice how warm they were compared to the metal, though.

“What the fuck.” Hajime mumbled to himself, glaring at the can.

“Hm? Is there something wrong?”

“Nah, nothing's wrong.”

He knew Hanamaki was looking at him dubiously but he didn't say anything, so Hajime thought he was safe for now.

They watched the other people on the ice in silence. Some guy seemed to have earphones and was having the blast of his life in the middle of the rink, not really moving but gesturing widely and passionately. Hanamaki leaned against his side to nudge him and show him a group of girls skating in line. They were taking more place than anything and half of them were constantly on the verge of falling. Fall which happened anyway, thanks to that one guy racing across the ice with no care in the world. Hajime snorted while Hanamaki started laughing outloud. He was still leaning against Hajime so he could feel the other's body shake with his laugh. It made Haijme feel warm and also a bit weird. Like a tingling in his chest. Not the bad kind of tingling. How bad did he have it already?

After a moment Hanamaki decided to go back on the ice and Hajime followed him. They stayed for another hour.

 

 

As planned by Hanamaki, Hajime came over at his house. Hanamaki's mom greeted him with a lot of enthusiasm, going on about how happy she was to finally meet him (What?) before Hanamaki grabbed him to lead him to his room. His mom shouted that the dinner would be ready in an hour.

Just as Hanamaki was about to open the door to his room, a voice interrupted him. Hajime turned to see a woman who had the same hair color as Hanamaki and the same playful smile.

“Oh, 'Hiro, you're home?”

“Nah, I'm still at school.”

“Psssh, stop acting like a brat just because your friend is here. Hello, by the way!” Hajime bowed his head, still a bit disconcerted by the sudden appearance. “So, what're you gonna do tonight, huh?”

“Play games, probably.” Hanamaki shrugged.

The woman's smile turned into a teasing grin. Before Hajime could process anything, Hanamaki pulled him by the arm into his room and closed the door.

“Stay safe, boys!” the woman shouted through the door before walking away.

“Ugh. Sorry about her. Mom's terrible when she's trying