threshold and whistling as he fumbles with the door. He turns to you, leaning against it to steady himself. “Fuck. I have the thing in my room if you want to just fuck the huge goddamn elephant in the room up the ass right away.”

“Why fuck an elephant when you're right here?” You grin and waggle your eyebrows. Pissing him off is your strategy when he's nervous, and it's going swimmingly right now. He jerks upright and grabs the wrist of your free hand (the other is holding your gift for him, wrapped in a sheet loosely to keep a surprise). He drags you up to his, uh, whatever trolls call a bedroom and releases you to go fumble through a pile of movie cases. He makes a little triumphant noise when he finds what he's looking for, and turns to you, holding it behind his back.

“So.”

“Dibs on going second,” you go in a singsong voice. His eyes narrow.

“What the hell asshole, there is no fucking way in the strata that I will do that you squackbeast blowing shithead.”

“Did you just accuse me of sucking goose dicks?”

“What? Egbert d-”

“What even is a goose penis anyway?”

“John no-”


“Oh my god Karkat we 
have 
to google that-”



 “
Please-”


“Holy shit, can we do that? Like, right now?”

He thrusts something at you, shoving it into your hand. You blink, slowly, paling as you feel short fur and something wet and sticky. Look down at your hand.

It's a fucking dead squirrel.

You make an embarrassingly high noise, jerking your hand so it falls to the floor with a thump. “What the hell, Karkat?” you shriek, wiping your palm vigorously against your pants. “That was too far!”

Karkat, oddly enough, looks just as flabbergasted as you. “What do you mean?” he asks, offended. “I give you your fucking gift and you slam it on the ground? What the hell, were you raised in a human barn?”

You stare at him, nose wrinkled and still really grossed out to be honest. “Wait, hold up, what? That's what trolls get their for matesprites?”

“It's matesprit,” he snaps, “and yes, obviously.”

“...Why?”

“Isn't it obvious?” He pinches the bridge of his nose, sighing as if he is just so done with the whole world. “It's a sign of pity. It's a fucking symbol showing that I care about your pathetic ass and would attempt to help and support you rather than taking advantage of your weakness, because I pity you more than anyone in the goddamn world. And you take that, and throw it on the fucking ground.” He actually looks kind of upset. “It's the greatest gift you can give to a quadrant,” he continues, more quiet and subdued. “It's... a sign that you want this to be something permanent. I've never... I've fucking never done this for anyone before.”

Oh shit. Your chest tightens as you realize you basically just got, like, troll proposed to, and threw the ring on the ground. Wow. Oops.

“Oh. Um. Sorry. I didn't...” You trail off, not sure how to tell him how that's actually really, really gross for humans. You try, but you just. Can't. He looks so crestfallen, it's not fair.

I cannot believe I am doing this, you think, as you pick the thing up and smile tightly at him, cringing a little as you do. “Wow, that's really actually kind of amazing. Thanks.” On top of the whole freaking out over touching a dead animal, you also have to freak out over the symbol of the damn thing, oh god. You flush, before not even really processing that. You got that it was like a troll proposal almost, but only now do you realize that Karkat troll proposed to you. Oh god.

“Yeah,” he goes, still pretty quiet. You seriously fucked up, jeez. “Anyway!” He increases his volume abruptly, clearly wanting to change the subject. “Can I just, fucking. See whatever vile gift you got me out of some deranged human custom?”

“Oh. Yeah, I guess so.” You put down the squirrel on a shelf (not because it's at all disgusting of course, you just need a free hand. Honestly) and pull the sheet off, revealing the bouquet with a flourish. You went to Jade earlier asking about flowers and their meanings and, after learning there is no flower meaning “you have a great butt,” you settled for red roses (love) and thyme (courage), cause he's one of the most brave and loving people you know, or something. You guess. You aren't that good at this flower stuff, to be honest.

Karkat