casting dark shadows across Hale's face, the way he looks with his hair slightly ruffled from the running and car chasing.

"Well," Hale eventually say, backing up. "Goodnight."

"Goodnight," Stiles agrees.

He turns around and starts to walk away, but barely gets halfway across the road before Hale's voice cuts through the night.

"Hey, kid." Stiles stops and turns back to see Hale standing on the porch of the house, leaning against one of the pillars. "Thank you."

Stiles can't help but snort, rolling his eyes.

"I'm not a kid," he protests, not sure how to go on about the rest.

The corner of Hale's mouth pulls up in a sly smile.

"You are in this world," he says before disappearing into the house.

Stiles remains frozen on the spot for a while before scoffing to himself, shaking his head in disbelief, and continues to cross the road. He makes sure to 'round two corners before digging the phone out of his pocket, typing in the number from memory. There are three rings before the call is picked up.

"You better have a damn good reason for calling me five in the morning, Stilinski," comes McCall's answer, voice thick with sleep.

Stiles smiles up at the gray sky.

"I'm in."

One year and 11 days later... here is the second chapter.

If you follow me on tumblr you probably know why this project had to be put on hold for so long, but if you don't, please read this FAQ and the elaborated explanation. The short version is: hand injury + writing school.

For the rest of this summer, please check my qm update tag to track my writing process. Let's get this show (back) on the road!






tumblr  •  soundtrack  •  FAQ  •  cars


 

 


 Chapter Two 


 

Stiles gets arrested nine o'clock the following morning.

He calls a cab to take him downtown, fully aware of what it'll cost him but knows the department will be paying for it. He's just stepped out on the sidewalk outside the diner where he's planned to get his breakfast when a cop car pulls up behind the parked cab, and a woman in uniform gets out from behind the wheel. Stiles only just manages not to grin upon seeing her.

"Turn around," Allison says as she approaches him, her face stern. "Hands behind your head."

Stiles does as he's told, turning his back to her and instead facing the small group of bystanders further up the street. He sighs, putting his hands behind his head while hearing the sound of handcuffs being unfastened from Allison's belt.

"What did I do?" He asks, going for confused.

Allison doesn't answer—which probably is for the best—just steps up behind him to do a quick search, clapping her hands down his sides and pretending to look for a potential weapon. Once done, she brings his arms down to handcuff them behind his back. Her grip is a little harder than necessary, and Stiles figures rolling his eyes won't blow his cover. She leads him back to the police cruiser, opening the door to the backseat and putting a hand above his head as he gets in. It's fucking hilarious but he's not safe to laugh just yet, so he simply grunts and tries to find a comfortable position with the handcuffs digging into his back.

Once she's back behind the wheel, and they're two blocks away from the scene, Stiles leans forward to rest his forehead against the grill.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you?"

She looks over her shoulder, her smile all dimples and innocence.

"I had to make it look realistic, didn't I?" She remarks, cocking an eyebrow.

"Oh, is that why I didn't even get a warning?"

"You didn't warn me last night," Allison retorts, her eyes back on the road. "I thought I'd be the first to know about your progress with Hale."

Stiles sighs, leaning back.

"I'm sorry," he admits. "I couldn't help it. I wanted to see McCall's reaction first-hand."

"But you didn't get to see it," Allison points out.

"No, but I got to hear him splutter over the phone," Stiles says dreamily. "It was awesome."

Allison chuckles.

"Parrish is quite impressed with you, too. He says you were amazing last night."

"I didn't win, Al," Stiles reminds her. "I lost the car."

She throws him another smile.

"I don't think he was talking about the race."

The station, as always, is a busy place. Allison parks in the underground garage, well out of sight of any civilians, so she can take off the handcuffs as soon as she lets Stiles out of the car. He rubs his wrists and complains about them being too tight