as such missed Teshima’s response entirely. He didn’t so much as peek through his bangs until after the other boy had left. 

“Eh, ignore them Aoyagi. They’ve obviously never met Makishima-senpia before or they’d know that you’re really not that weird.” Teshima shrugged watching Aoyagi’s face as he spoke. “It’s not that creepy that I can understand you though is it? I mean you’re so expressive.”

The twitch in Aoyagi’s shoulders could barely be called a shrug but Teshima’s eyes rarely seemed to miss anything. 

“What do you mean a little?” Teshima frowned slightly. “I’m just good at understanding people that’s all.” 

The snort came without Aoyagi meaning for it to. Just a little huff of breath and amusement but Teshima’s face lit up as though Aoyagi had complimented him somehow. 

Aoyagi is the next one to point it out. He’d had a rough night with little sleep and when he got to school the next morning instead of a greeting at the bike racks Teshima had handed him a coffee. “How?” The word slipped out quiet enough most wouldn’t of heard it but Aoyagi wasn’t worried. Teshima hadn’t missed anything yet. 

“I’m just good at understanding people.” Teshima shrugged as they walked to class. “It’s not that unusual of a skill.”

Aoyagi rolled his eyes. It wasn’t really but the level with which Teshima understood people was more than a little weird. It was in fact a little creepy.

Teshima’s mouth pulled into a frown of sorts. “Would you rather I pretend not to notice then?” 

Aoyagi thought for a moment before shaking his head. No that would be worse, especially now that he knew how much Teshima noticed. Besides he was used to it, the only people really freaked out were those that didn’t spend as much time with Teshima as he did.

The next time it’s pointed out it’s not really pointed out at all. One day when they did not have practice Aoyagi invited Teshima to his place for dinner and studying. His parents were surprised more than anything, he was fairly certain they’d thought Teshima was just made up to placate them. Teshima introduced himself with one of his confident smiles and Aoyagi’s mother noticed while they were studying. The way Teshima filled the silences with chatter, how he looked at Aoyagi for his response, and how Aoyagi rarely needed words to convey his responses. Aoyagi noticed the slight change in her smile when Teshima left and she bid him fare well. He was certian Teshima hadn’t missed it either.

After that it was rare for them to be apart. They just fell into a habit of sorts, besides they were in the same class and the same club. It seemed silly to avoid each other. They spent most evenings at one or another’s house studying or playing games. Aoyagi still found it weird that Teshima understood him so easily but it seemed less so as each day passed. 

It wasn’t until just before the end of their first year that Teshima’s ability to read him went from slightly strange to incredibly annoying. It wasn’t so much that Aoyagi didn’t want Teshima to understand him as it was that he’d realized he had something to hide from him. Teshima had always been quick to tell him, and anyone who commented, that he’d always been good at reading people so Aoyagi wasn’t really an exception. However no one had ever understood Aoyagi before and he found more and more that Teshima was the exception. 

The first time he noticed Teshima wasn’t even around. Aoyagi just happened to be flicking through his sketch book and realized that he had more drawings of Teshima than anything else combined. Before that he hadn’t realized he was drawing him very often at all. Certainly no more than anything else at least. 

After that it was during practice. They had been spending a lot of time practicing their synchronized biking. Teshima’s given name had slipped out of Aoyagi’s mouth before he had a chance to stop himself. Luckily Teshima didn’t seem bothered, Aoyagi took that as permission to continue calling him Junta though Teshima still called him Aoyagi. 

The time he realized he really needed to get better at hiding things from Teshima was when he caught himself watching Teshima rather than the road during practice. The way Teshima’s hair waved as he road and the rise and fall of his back as he breathed. His tire bounced off of Teshima’s for the first time in weeks and they both ended up on the ground.

It was during summer break that he realized he didn’t need to hide anything from Teshima. They were in Teshima’s room after a particularly good practice and Aoyagi found himself once again sketching Teshima. He just couldn’t help it. Teshima was singing karaoke and dancing around his room and Aoyagi just wanted to capture his movement. 

“Is that me?” Teshima was much closer when Aoyagi