to school three years, and promised him she'd do it until she was old and unable to operate whatever new phone they had out.

 

She's never missed a Friday, and today wasn't an exception.

 

"How're the boys?" She asks like always. She cares for them as if they were her own children. "Louis and Niall haven't burned the house down yet?"

 

Liam laughs, remembering the time they almost did. "No, the house is still intact and they're banned from using any appliances not meant for small children. And Harry told me to thank you for the cookies you sent."

 

"Tell him I said anytime." She pauses and Liam squeezes his eyes shut because he already knows what she's going to ask next. "What about that boyfriend of yours, Zayn?"

 

Liam groans, a hollow feeling in his chest. "He's not my boyfriend, mum." He hisses. "And you already know I have a girlfriend."

 

"Alright, fine. He's not your boyfriend, but--"

 

"Is that Liam?" He hears his sister's voice in the background. "Did you tell him yet?"

 

His mother shushes her, before turning back to the phone. "I was just getting to that. Ruth just got engaged and she's brought her fiance home for a family dinner. Your other sister will be getting here tomorrow, for the dinner. And--"

 

"You've got to be here, no matter what. Or else I'll tell everyone about the thing you did when you were seven and you--"

 

"Ruth! Give me back the phone." Liam laughs at the sounds of his mother and sister fighting over the phone.

 

"Sorry about that." HIs mum breathes.

 

"Don't worry about it mum, I'll be there."

 

"And bring a friend."

 

"Alright, mum. Love you."

 

"Love you, too."

 

.

 

Liam has every reason to take Sophia. Nicola had her fiance, Ruth would obviously bring her husband, and of course his parents would be there. The point being, the table would be packed with couples. So it would make sense for him to take Sophia.

 

He also has every reason not to take her. It would be the first time she'd be meeting them and he didn't want her to get the wrong idea because they've only been together a couple of months. He didn't want her to think that he wanted even more.

 

But when he finds himself poised at Zayn's door, arm raised and ready to knock, he tells himself he's doing this because it's much too soon for her to meet his parents, not because he'd rather have Zayn there with him. And of course he could have asked any of the other boys, but Niall is meeting Cher's parents and you can't really separate Louis and Harry. So he has no choice but to ask Zayn.

 

Liam finally knocks, and Zayn tells him to come in. He finds Zayn on his bed, bent over a textbook and notebook paper, pencil in one hand and a cigarette tucked away behind his ear. His hair isn't fluffed up and Liam tries not to notice the dark circles under his eyes when he looks up to see who's at the door.

 

"Oh, hey." Zayn says, and Liam wonders where the boy he'd fallen in love with went. Some time ago, Liam wouldn't have had to knock because Zayn wouldn't have minded him barging in. He would have welcomed Liam with a grin brighter than the sun and they would have talked about anything and everything. But Liam isn’t sure if he’d be crossing any lines.

 

Liam sits at the edge of the bed, closing the door behind him. "So, I need to ask you for a favor."

 

Zayn closes his pencil into the textbook and says, "Anything for you, Liam." He tries not to think too hard about that.

 

"So I've got to go to my parents this weekend for a big family dinner, and I kind of need you to come with me."

 

"So, you want me to be your date?" Zayn smirks. Liam turns pink as he tries to find a way to correct him. "Kidding, Liam. Why not your girlfriend?"

 

"Don't you think it's too soon?" Zayn nods in agreement.

 

.

 

Liam wakes up around 9 the next morning. Harry is the only other person awake. With Niall gone the night before, Louis and Zayn in bed, the large house is virtually quiet.

 

He stands in Zayn's doorway debating if he should wake him or not (and it's definitely not because Zayn looks like an angel when he's asleep) when Zayn says just above a whisper, "You know, it's not very polite to watch people while they're asleep. It's very creepy, actually."

 

"Well wake up then