. 

	I lived my whole life in Ebott City, went to Ebott High, worked part time jobs all over the city throughout my teenage years, and more or less did all the normal things teens did. Hell, I even went to Ebott community college to get my associates degree. Up until this point in my life, I had never had any interaction with either of the ruling families of the city. Unfortunately, this changed when the Monte-Cristo’s favored band of debt collectors came calling on my father. I was only gone fifteen minutes, I had popped down to the corner store to grab some milk and eggs. When I returned to our street, I saw the telltale black, expensive sedan pulling away from the sidewalk and I knew someone had come calling. I’ll save you the details of what I found once I opened our two-bedroom apartment’s door. It was not a pretty sight, to say the least. 

	I found myself, at the ripe old age of 20, an orphan, without a single person in the world to lean on. I wish I could say I was one of those strong people who soldiered on after a loss in their life, but I can’t say that. After my father’s death, I was broken. I locked myself away for days, listless and numb to the rest of the world. Surprisingly, this is where the Dreemurrs come back in. 

	Following a day of my usual wallowing in self-pity, I heard the clang of my mail slot as someone pushed through a rather thick envelope. Cautiously, I approached the front door and I caught sight of the aforementioned envelope on the floor. Gingerly, I picked it up and settled down in my ratty armchair. Balancing the envelope on my thighs, I leaned over towards the coffee table and grabbed a letter opener. I turned the envelope over in my hands and examined it briefly. It was made of expensive stationery and was sealed with the family crest of the Dreemurrs. There was no return address and my name was written in elaborate cursive script.  I settled back in my seat, sitting cross legged, as I see-sawed the letter opener through the seal of the envelope. The wax of the seal crumbled away, releasing the fold of the envelope. I balked at the thickness of the papers within. I steeled myself as I slowly unfolded the letter. 

	I’ll spare you the details of what the letter said but more or less, it was from the Dreemurrs and they were asking for my services as a tutor. They also passed on their condolences regarding my family. I won’t speculate about how they found out about my family but I wasn’t surprised to find him mentioned in the letter. Their job offer was both a blessing and a curse; I could do what I love and have protection, but I would also be intimately involved with a notorious mob family. But I had no other choice. I was broke, jobless, and distraught. I barely had to consider my choices and sealed my fate. I was going to work for the Dreemurrs. 

 

	My first meeting with a member of the Dreemurr family was a mess of awkwardness and failed niceties. Well, it was less of a meeting and more of an interaction. Within the envelope I had received from the Dreemurrs, there was a business card with nothing but a phone number, which I was to contact once I made my decision. I made the call shortly after I finished reading.

	I fidgeted with the cord of my home phone as I listened to the dial tone from the other end as I worried the inside of my cheek. After four rings, I heard someone pick up the phone. The voice on the other end was a deep, lazy baritone that would have usually melted my heart into a puddle, if I wasn’t so on edge. 

“’ello?” 

“H-Hi!” my voice came out an octave higher than intended and I winced. Taking a deep breath, I continued. “I was told to call this number with my answer?” 

The line was quiet for a moment and all I could hear was quiet breathing. “you were told right, doll. And what would tha’ answer be?” His voice, because it was obviously a man, had a slight Brooklyn accent. 

“O-oh, um. It’s a yes, sir.”

This was answered with a deep chuckle. “no need ta call me sir. I’ll be round about six tonight ta pick ya up, capiche?”

I frowned at how quickly the family wanted to pick me up. I hesitated for a moment before letting out a sigh. “Alright. Sounds reasonable enough.” 

He chuckled again and hung up, without giving me a reply. I scowled at the phone, placing it back in its holder before making my way to my bedroom to pack.

Later that night at six oh five, there was three lazy knocks on my door. Startled, I jumped up from my armchair and glanced through the keyhole. On the other side was a man of about twenty