swung that for a while, decapitating targets with a halting, almost tentative motion that eventually became smoother and more certain. He was winded quickly, though, his fitness level nowhere near what it should have been.

You were right about my drinking all along, Effie. Should have listened years ago.

After a short break to catch his breath, he meandered around the room, picking up a few more weapons and brushing up on his survival skills. Unsurprisingly, he favoured weapons that required brute strength over finesse, his hands unsteady and useless for aiming.

He tried to ignore the other Tributes. Watching them meant getting to know them, and that meant it would be harder to kill them. He did see enough to notice that they were, mostly, useless at every sort of weapon available. He hoped they learned quickly; they had two weeks or less to master something. He had two weeks to try and stop his fucking hands shaking.

Finally, training was over for the day, and he returned to his apartment, followed by Delaine who chattered at him all the while about his surprising skill at camouflage. Haymitch said nothing until Delaine took the hint and fell silent, heading straight to his room without another word.

 

Effie was waiting for him at the table, her wig perfectly styled and her makeup back to flawless perfection. She was glowing in ivory and gold, her wig high and glittering, swooping gold eyelashes fluttering over her cheeks and her dress tight and embroidered with flowers. She should have been beautiful, ethereal; but Haymitch could see nothing but the sadness in her eyes and the almost invisible tremble of her bottom lip as she looked up to greet him.

“Are you okay, sweetheart?” he asked, sliding into a seat next to her and cautiously reaching to take her hand. She shook her head no and visibly took in a breath. “I’m fine. How was training?”

“It was just great,” he said with a slight nod to show he understood. “I love realising that I’m effectively defenceless in the face of my imminent death.”

They fell silent as the food arrived, platters piled high with steaming meat and vegetables, bowls of soup and trays of brightly iced cakes soon filling the table with delicious scents and glorious colour. Haymitch hesitated, toying with the idea of a hunger strike, but one glance to Effie told him that they would take it out on her if he rebelled. Of course. That’s why they chose people we knew.

The escort for Delaine arrived just as they were beginning to eat, disappearing into the Tribute’s room and leading him back out. Delaine had been crying, his face red and his eyes rubbed raw, but he sat and ate steadily regardless, exchanging small talk with his escort that gently avoided anything to do with the Games. Haymitch and Effie ate in silence, not daring to speak when there were people and potential microphones.

 

Delaine went back to his room after the meal, and his escort left the apartment after a brief goodbye to Effie.

“They’re lovers,” Effie whispered to Haymitch with a glance to Delaine’s room. “Or at least, they were. I don’t know all of the details, but it would seem they are attempting to keep it from the Game-Makers.”

“Then why the hell are you telling me?”

“Because they already know, Haymitch. They know everything. They knew before Augustus was even Reaped.”

Before he could reply, she interrupted him. “It’s a beautiful night out, tonight.”

He nodded silently.

Standing, she smoothed down her dress with hands that shook, clearing her throat daintily, and became Escort Effie again, all business and smiles. His heart ached to see her like this again; like she was ten years younger, full of optimism and innocence and sure that everything she was doing was right. She left the room without another word, and Haymitch was left alone to wallow in his misery.

 

It was long past nightfall when he awoke, sprawled in a sofa with a bottle of whiskey cradled in his arms and a pounding headache that spoke for the two thirds of the bottle he’d downed before passing out. The remaining liquid was warm from his body heat, and he tossed it away in disgust after the first sip. It shattered on the tiled floor, amber pooling under the shards of glass. With a groan he got to his feet, swaying gently, and picked up another bottle on his way out of the door, glancing towards Delaine’s room to make sure he wasn’t watching. The door shut quietly behind him, and he lurched to the elevator in cautious silence.

Effie was already on the roof when he arrived a few minutes later, wrapped in a thick, white wool coat edged with white feathers at the collar. She looked irritated until she saw his state, and got up to help him over to the bench she was sitting on.

“I’ve been here for an hour, Haymitch,” she hissed when she’d got him safely next to her. “I was beginning to think