wets fairly often?" "Yes he's actually started to wear pull-ups when he's big even for an extra precaution." Catarina nods. "I'm not finding any form of ailment so my first theory is the correct one. His body systems are under the constant 'assault', for lack of a better word, of changing headspaces that things are beginning to reset. Potty training is an option if you feel it's necessary and I suggest it at least for basic ability when he's big just in case. Be patient with him because I'm sure he's scared by this and has no idea how to handle things." Magnus nods in understanding, sending Lydia a quick text of everything Catarina said so that she's in the loop. "But other than that he's healthy, right?" "Absolutely. Maybe a couple more bottles throughout the day or some yogurt at times, you're doing more than just milk right?" "Yes his bottles are a milk based meal replacement so that he doesn't end up malnourished in any way." "Good. Maybe one or two more a day and keep him on a schedule, he seems fairly tired." Magnus nods and lifts him into his arms. "Thank you so much Catarina. What do I owe you?" "Nothing. Consider it me cashing in one of the many favors I owe you." The warlocks smile at each other and Catarina pets Alec's hair, kissing his forehead before creating a portal to send them home. She puts Alec's diaper bag on Magnus's shoulder and says her goodbyes as they leave. Magnus places Alec on the couch and pets his hair. "So you're healthy but your body is just changing in an odd way." Alec just plays with Magnus's necklaces around his neck, causing the warlock to smile. "I'm talking to you Alexander." "Papa I busy." "Oh sorry." Magnus laughs as Alec continues to examine each one and watch them sway. His phone goes off, Lydia replied.

LB: At least he's alright. I was worried. We'll talk more when I get home. Thanks for keeping me posted.

Magnus smiles and looks at Alec, who's lost interest in the necklaces. "So what should we do today?"

The next chapter is a continuation of this one and is a straight up Malec chapter

Malec Day

Alec hugs Magnus in response, not feeling very verbal. The warlock smiles down at his little and sits on the couch, pulling Alec into his lap. "We can watch something. We can play with your toys. What sounds good to you?" Alec only cuddles into him. "Papa." His voice is so tiny that Magnus nearly missed it. He smiles and holds Alec closer, summoning a blanket to wrap themselves in. "Cuddling with papa, my favorite." He kisses Alec's head as the little gets comfortable. Magnus uses his magic to bring Church into Alec's arms. Alec smiles and cuddles in. The warlock stands up and puts Alec on the floor, a blanket and blocks layed out for him. Magnus starts playing with him and smiling whenever he laughs.Magnus decides that Alec looks content enough where if he goes to make tea, Alec will still be right there.Nope.Magnus returns to the living room and sees an empty spot where Alec was previously. He immediately panics. "Alexander? Darling, where are you?" No answer, not even a giggle. Magnus swears under his breath, running to the nursery. He searches every single corner. Nothing. As if Lydia has the maternal version of spidey-senses, Magnus's phone rings."Lydia! How's the meeting?""Going well. How's Alec?" "He's great, playing away at the moment.""You're a shit liar. Where's our baby, Bane?" She sounds pissed."I may have... misplaced him...""HOW THE FUCK DO YOU MISPLACE A FUCKING LIVING BODY?!""I left the room for a moment while he was playing and I came back to find a blanket on the floor without a baby.""MAGNUS BANE YOU FIND HIM RIGHT NOW OR SO FUCKING ANGEL HELP ME!" "I'm searching now I'll find him don't worry.""You better!"Lydia hangs up and Magnus groans. Magnus then heads for his bedroom and starts searching everywhere. He's about to leave before something touches his ankle, causing him to shriek. Alec starts laughing super loud. "Papa!" Alec peaks out from under the bed. Magnus is clutching his chest. "Alexander you scared me!" Alec crawls out and reaches for him. Magnus sighs and lifts Alec up. He pats his butt and sighs. "Let's change you and just relax for a minute okay? Papa needs to relax a bit first." Alec nods as Magnus takes him to the nursery, changing him out of his messy diaper.He takes Alec back to the living room. "Can you tell Papa next time you want to play