private chat later? and hoped the other man would agree to the request.

misterh: only if you give me what i want now.
sk8erboy91: sorry, short term memory. what was that again? ;)
misterh: wanna see that pretty pink hole.
sk8erboy91: mm, wouldn't want to save that all for yourself?
misterh: then get off public chat and come show me.
sk8erboy91: demanding little shit, huh?
misterh: you have no idea.
sk8erboy91: skype name?

Once he got MisterH's Skype name, he didn't even bother to tell the viewers before he closed out of the chat by clicking the red X on the browser. Going to the application, he typed in the given name and pushed the video call button, waiting a few moments before the other man's face came into view... and damn was he a sight. Long black hair stopping just below his shoulders, tattoos littering his body and making Louis' cock throb even harder. He had full lips and dark eyes (though it might've been the lighting) and best of all, he was fully naked, large cock standing at attention and his fingers wrapped around the hard flesh, stroking slowly. Louis didn't wait until the other man requested to lift his camera enough for Harry, so it says as his Skype name, to see his face, lip sucked into his mouth to keep himself from moaning.

"Shit.. you're even prettier than I imagined."

God, and his voice was so husky that Louis' cock sputtered out precome that dripped to the sheets below. "You're not so bad looking yourself."

Harry's tongue dragged slowly along the length of his mouth and Louis wanted so bad to feel that hot flesh against his skin, against his aching dick that was screaming for attention. "Got any toys?"

"What are you into, baby?"

"Tell me you got a cock ring and I'm all yours."

"Mm," Louis smirked and nodded, lifting a finger as he turned to go into his drawer of goodies and pulled out the hot pink cock ring he'd thankfully purchased not too long ago. He slipped it around his sensitive flesh, hissing and trying not to whimper as he put it on, the cold metal making him shiver. "Good enough, Mister?"

"So good. Don't come until I let you."

"Wouldn't dream of it."

"Let me see that hole now."

Louis was completely at Harry's whim and the man could be thousands of miles away, but it was as if he was standing right in front of him, spouting out these directions that the virgin was so inclined to follow. Spreading his legs, Louis let his hands caress the insides of his thighs, rolling his hips, and perching himself up on display for Harry, who licked his lips and stroked himself even harder, leaning in as if to get a better look. "Now what?"

"Stop asking questions."

"Yes, Mister.." His voice weakened and trembled, toes curling against the mattress and he wanted to come so bad, but also wanted to see what Harry had in mind for him.

"Get a dildo now.. Size 9 and thick, if you have it."

Louis almost laughed; he had every sized dildo over seven and loved to act like a certified slut fucking himself with each one and seeing which he could last longer with. Of course, he couldn't test his limits on himself because if he became overwhelmed he'd just pull out, but it was good enough practice for the future, for when he was ready to take a real, hot, hard cock. Sliding out of bed, he practically ran to his closet where he kept his boys and grabbed the nine inch one, thick enough to resemble Harry's dick. He brought it back and slipped right into his previous position, leaning heavily against the headboard, grabbing his lube off the drawer and pouring some onto the red rubber material. Harry's breathing had become labored and he was stroking his beautiful dick faster and Louis was imagining that it was pressed against his hole as he positioned the dildo, arching his back, jaw slacked, and moans rolled out of him easily. He pushed in and his hips jerked, his stomach tightened and he made the most pathetic sound but it seemed to be enough for Harry that whispered a soft fuck and shifted in his bed. Inch by inch his walls swallowed the dildo, clenching around it and Louis fought to keep his eyes open, wanting to watch every single one of Harry's reactions. But when the dildo was fully submerged and he felt fake balls against his ass cheeks, he let out a heavy sigh and lids covered his wet eyes, whimpering cries escaping through his mouth.

He heard skin smacking against skin and it was enough motivation to open his eyes and see that Harry's hand was almost a blur as he stroked himself, opposite hand rubbing his stomach, up to his torso, and pinching the hard, pink nipple. "So goddamn sexy, baby