mocked with cheese in his hands.

‘Worse,’ Adrien thought and he looked down at his trembling hands, expecting there to be blood. Everything felt so real. The blood from the back of her head as he held her in his arms, the cackling of the villain. Adrien flopped backwards, allowing his body fall into the cushiony bed as he tried to relax his tense muscles and forget his nightmare.

“I’m Ladybug and I’ve always liked you Adrien!”

Adrien sat right up again, startling Plagg this time.

“Talk about waking the dead. Have you joined the world of the living?” Plagg muttered. Adrien ignored the kwami’s question and got out of bed. He walked into the bathroom and rubbed the sleepiness off his face. He looked up at the mirror and saw Marinette , the face she made when he rejected her.

“Marinette,  I...” Adrien could not finish his sentence as she shook her head and vanished, leaving behind his reflection. Plagg was right, he looked kind of pale.

~ Good Ending ~

Adrien managed to drag himself out the door and into his father’s limo, but the thought never left him. The idea of the bright and cheerful Marinette turning rather gloomy was such a weird concept to him.

He didn’t even noticed that they arrived at school until the driver opened the door for Adrien. He stepped out the limo and regretted coming to school already. What if the dream wasn’t a dream? What if he walks into class with Alya sitting alone? Did she know that her best friend was Ladybug?

Adrien was startled when a hand was placed on his shoulder and whipped around to see the startled and confused expression on his best friend’s face turn into a concerned one.

“You okay man?” Nino asked as he retreated his hand.

“Had a bad dream.” He really hoped it was.

“It’s a new day. I’m sure you’ll forget about when we get to class,” Nino comforted. Adrien smiled a little at his best friend’s attempt to cheer him up but he’s sure that seeing Marinette isn’t going to make it easy.

On their way to class, Nino was talking about another musical artist he found on the internet. Adrien tried really hard to focus on the words that Nino was saying but they were drowned out by his own dread.

He felt his heart stop when Nino gripped the doorknob and turned it. But he pushed himself to walk through the doorway and into the classroom. He immediately looked over at the desk usually occupied by the two girls to find it empty.

He held his breath as he sat down in his seat. He pulled his arms over the desk and rested his head on it. He didn’t look it but he was exhausted. Between fighting akumas, night patrols, school, and work, the stress was really taking a toll on him.

If he weren’t so tired, his head would snap up to see who came into the classroom. Instead, he turned his head at the click of the door.

Alya walked in but he couldn’t exactly tell what that expression meant. He repeatedly reminded himself that it was just a dream, a terrible dream. Marinette is going to walk through those doors and life will return to how it is.

Luckily, Marinette fumbled in just a few minutes before their teacher arrived.

Alya pointed out that Marinette looked rather tired as she slumped over the desk, her arms stretched out and head laid upon on the cold wooden desk. But the girl brushed it off and said that she had to scrap herself off her own bed unless she wanted to be late for class. Again. At this point, Adrien had sat up, for much of the burden of his dream had been lifted.

The lecture was slowly drowned out by his own thoughts. Perhaps there was some truth to his dream. Maybe Marinette does have a crush on him. The way how Nino smirks and teases him after he talks to the shy girl was a faint hint. But when she’s talking with other person, or even just Chat Noir, she seems like another person. Someone like Ladybug. Perhaps Marinette is indeed Ladybug...

He managed to push the thought aside long enough to pay attention for the last 20 minutes of class. He’ll just do the reading at home like he does when he misses class for work or akuma attacks.

As he was packing up his stuff, he noticed Marinette and Alya walking out of the class together. He needs to talk to her. That would help clear his mind and not have the idea eating him alive as he ponders.

~ Good Ending ~

Adrien cursed his bad luck as he missed his opportunity to talk with Marinette because of an akuma attack. And how uncannily similar the situation was to his dream.

Before he could reach the female duo, Alya’s phone beeped to let her know the latest akuma attack. Marinette makes a quick excuse before dashing past Adrien. He calmly goes over to his locker, dropped off his bag while sneaking Plagg and a