near to the master bedroom to see a nursery. It would have been normal if the mobile wasn’t playing deranged music like when it’s slowly running out of battery and alerting you to change the battery for the usual upbeat tune. There was also a crib in the corner but there were dry blood stains on the edges of the crib. Shiho didn’t even want to know what was in the crib.  

The other doors were locked and one of them was leaking blood from under the door. They hoped that was not the one to the exit. 

They arrived at the last door in the second floor. Shinoa urged Mitsuba to open it as it was her turn. She hesitantly reached out and turned the knob. The door opened and the two girls gasped at the sight. In bloody writing, exit was printed on over a doorway. But there were two corpses laid on the floor, blocking the way to the door. There was no way to get past without stepping over the bodies. 

One of them was a bloody corpse surrounded by dry blood while the other was almost burnt beyond recognition.

“This is the exit right?” Shiho said. 

“Yeah,” Shinoa said, trembling along with Mitsuba, “Who wants to go first?” 

Mika’s grip on Yuu’s arm slipped when he moved it and Mika felt himself be lifted up. Yuu had one arm tucked under his knees and the other around his back as they brushed past the girls. 

Mika felt a blush creep onto his face. He felt oddly safe being held so close to Yuu. He shook the thought away and opened his mouth to complain when he heard a female voice, almost soft as a whisper but he could clear it clearly. 


“Where are you going? Are you leaving me behind, my son?” 


Yuu stepped over the first corpse. Then Mika heard a male voice, whispering clearly in the same manner. 


“It’s your fault your mother killed herself!” 


Yuu stepped over the second corpse. 


“My dearest son Yuuichiro, do you think a devil spawn like you deserves love?” 


Mika‘s train of thought was broken when Yuu’s grip on him tightened. Mika didn’t notice his head was resting on Yuu’s chest until Yuu went to put him down. 

Mika could feel his face heat up as they a stood in the dark room, waiting for the others to join them. 

“Yuu, I-” 

“That was so scary!” Shinoa squealed as she entered into the same space. 

“I can’t believe I did it,” Mitsuba said, breathing heavily. 

“Did you say something?” Mika could feel Yuu’s gaze on him in the dark room and he shuffled nervously.

“Nothing,” Mika said as Yoichi and Shiho stumbled in. Another door clicked open and light spilled into the room. They all walked out to find themselves back in the front foyer of the building. 

Now that they could see properly, everyone, but Yuu, had been sweating and Yoichi seemed to be trembling where he stood. 

“Let’s all agree to never go to another haunted house,” Shinoa said and they all silently agreed. 

After leaving the haunted house, they were debating on doing something after to help Yoichi calm down and they decided to go to the house of mirrors. 

This time, Shinoa and Mitsuba stuck with Yoichi. Yuu and Mika somehow got separated in the maze of mirrors while Shiho explored on his own.

Shiho wandered around and he could hear Shinoa’s upbeat voice echoing in the space. He sighed. What did he do to deserve such friends? They were nice people with mostly good intentions but not quite what he expected though. Especially not people he would talk to about Mirai’s worsening condition. 

“I sense doubt in your heart.” Shiho turned around to see the green haired demon in one of the mirrors, then another one, and another one until he was surrounded by images of the young demon. “Why don’t I help you with your problem?” 

“Go away.” Is that what he really want? 


“I can cure your sister.” 


“Will you really make her better?” 


“I can make her more than better too if you want. We can make her a superstar, or maybe a super model. Maybe even a famous writer.” 


“I... I just want her to be cured from her condition and live happily.” 


“Your wish shall come true if you give me your soul when death is upon you.” 


I was asked before about Yuu looking at the skeleton in the master bedroom. And the answer to that was Yuu was looking to see if it was real or fake.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Shiho had been acting weirdly since the amusement park incident. Mika still never quite figured out what happened between Yuu and Shiho on the Ferris wheel ride.  

Whenever he asked Yuu, he would just brush it off as Shiho being a sore loser. As for Shiho, it was almost as if he was actively hiding from them during lunch and he barely talked in P.E.   

There were a few days