The sleeves fell off my shoulders and I wore a simple gold chained necklace with a single flower on it. 

It looked almost like a tulip, but Allura explained it was a Juniberry flower. It was quite pretty but it caused Allura to have a sad, far away look.

My hair fell in soft loose waves down my back, with my bangs pinned out of my face. 

I ate with one hand, and played with the Juniberry jewel with the other. I made sure to stay as far away from Lance as I could. Today I sat in between Pidge and Shiro. Shiro wore a steel grey suit and a black tie. His hair was slicked back and his eyelashes made it look like he was wearing eyeliner. 

Pidge wore a green dress with sleeves down to her elbows. The dress fell you her knees and her hair was in its natural state but she wore the headband the Olkari gave her. It shouldn't have worked, but it did for her.

Allura and Queen A'llidea were talking animatedly about something next to Shiro. He watched Allura with great interest. He had an adoring smile aimed at her. I smiled thinking about when he'll finally grow a pair and ask her out. Not that there would be anywhere to go in space, but we could make them a nice dinner and give them space for a few hours. No pun intended.

Hunk sat next to Lance who had his confident mask put back into place. 

I felt a pang of guilt for last night.


"I really want to kiss you right now, Keith," He whispered into my ear. I pulled away from him. 



"What!?" I asked. He came to realize what he said. He turned dark red in the dark. 



"I-Well! Um, I just-" He stammered. "S-Sorry! I shouldn't have said that, I just-" He stopped midsentence and flowed onto his side, facing away from me. I sat there in confusion, face burning.



I covered my face and slid out of the bed and ran to the bathroom. My feet slapping against the cold, hard floor. I stayed in there for a while. I splashed cold water on my face to try and cool it. I really wished I could sleep inside Red's cockpit. I bit my hand to keep the inhuman shriek from escaping my throat. 



Embarrassment filled my whole being. I should just sneak out and sleep with Shiro. He was always good for midnight cuddled when I had nightmares. But then I'd feel guilty for leaving a probably self hating Lance by himself to sulk in the room of the guy-girl he wants to kiss but was just rejected by.



But then again, if I stay, he might feel either worse about himself. Or he might think that I want him to make a move. Which I did, but I didn't. I grabbed at my hair and calmed my racing heart. I didn't say anything as I opened the door to the bathroom. 



I could see Lance was awake, but neither of us said anything as I walked back to my side of the bed and laid back down, turning away from him. It took me a while, but I finally fell asleep. 



That night marked the first time I dreamt of Lance.


Hours later, I was walking down the hall by myself. I didn't want to get in between Shiro's subtle attempt to flirting, which went unnoticed by the Princess.

I just wandered the Castle for a bit. I hummed softly to myself as I walked.

It was the same tune I hummed in the shower. It was familiar but I still couldn't figure out why.

I heard a laugh that interrupted my attempt to remember. I turned to see the Galitetrean guard, Riehl. He was smiling like the Cheshire cat. I rolled my eyes and continued on my path.

"Didn't I say that ladies, even those not naturally so, had to be escorted by a man?" He asked, falling into step with me. He held out his arm for me but I didn't take it this time. I just wanted to be alone.

"You did, but I think I can handle myself. I am a Paladin after all," I said. He laughed softly. His tail swung behind him, in a playful manner. He jumped in front of me with a playful manner. "Can I help you?" I said, crossing my arms and raising an eyebrow. 

"Nope, I'm just curious of you. We are a curious creature by nature, after all," He said, mimicking my stance. I smirked.

"Didn't you ever hear that curiosity killed the cat?" I asked, a smirk on my face.

He snorted. "That only part of the saying. The whole this is 'curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought it back,'" He explained. Of course he would know that phrase. 

"Look, I'm dealing with a lot of shit and would like to be left alone,"