looking. The gentle sparkle in Arthur’s eyes enchanted the demon, and the way Francis’ dazzling eyes gave away his somewhat childish personality -- with an underlying depth that the angel didn’t understand -- made him curious to understand the other. 



Francis smiled at him, extending a hand. “Come with me on a walk? I wish to show you something.” 




‘Again?’




Reluctantly, he nodded and rose, taking the hand to allow the demon to lead him away from his nest. Having long since been allowed his magic again, he sealed the closet shut against demons as he walked away, relaxed. 



The two walked for quite a while in silence before Arthur semi-snapped at the demon, giving him a 

look,

 “Where are we 

going?” 




Francis just gently covered his eyes and led him along, murmuring softly into the angel’s ear, “You’ll see.” 



The angel shivered at the low murmur, deciding to trust Francis to not lead him astray. He carefully followed along, feeling the demon loom over him as he led the way from behind. Before long, Arthur felt a light breeze brush past and heard the creak of an old door, perhaps as the door was opened in front of them. Passing through, he was suddenly surrounded by the ancient scent of 

ink

. They were in a library. Probably rather small by how densely it seemed to be packed, but it was a library nonetheless. 



Francis planted a gentle kiss on the other’s temple and slowly lifted his hands away, revealing the absolutely 

enormous

 collection of texts in this library. Arthur’s eyes widened in shock. The library was so much larger than he ever imagined, with two floors and numerous shelves with possibly 

thousands

 of books. He wandered in farther, looking around the library and exploring, Francis trailing behind with a broad smile on his face at the angel’s happiness. 



“It . . . It’s 

immense

. How did you acquire so 

many?” 

Arthur asked astonishedly. 



Francis laughed, “I like my books on philosophy. And some are from my father’s library from the old capital. We kings took what we could to save them.” 



“Fascinating. . . The old capital had a library even 

larger

 than 

this?”

 Arthur turned, gaping at the demon. 



“Oui. 

Much

 larger. I ‘ave quite the collection. Though I don’t ‘ave as many ancient texts from the old library as Antonio, I was still able to acquire a few.” 




‘A 


few


? This is a 


few


?’




Arthur let a little smile cross his lips, going off to look for reading materials, the demon following dotingly as he told the angel more, “You'll find a little bit of everything ‘ere. Works from Earth, different ones on culture, a few volumes on angels.” He shrugged. “Really anything.”



Arthur hummed, going off to various sections, and pulled a couple books out, occasionally putting one back. Eventually, he started handing them to Francis, a stack growing in the king’s willing arms, and by the time he finished, Arthur had about ten or so good sized books and a sheepish grin on his face. 



“Maybe I should carry th-” Arthur began, reaching for the books.



Francis just held them away insistently. “Non, I am fine with carrying them, mon ange. I am currently at your service~.” 



The angel blushed slightly, turning to leave only to hesitate. Instead, he lead them off to a little corner where he could read in . . . 

somewhat

 peace. Francis set the books on the table beside the corner lounge and took a seat beside Arthur, letting him read while the demon perused the pile of texts grabbed. Arthur, on the other hand, almost 

fell

 into the book, immediately taken with the works that worked to fulfill his curiosity about this realm. He noticed, after a long while of obliviousness, that Francis was peering over to see what he was reading and looked up curiously.



“Have you read it?” Arthur tentatively asked.



“Oui. Mortis Noir is a favorite of mine. 'E brings up many good points on the philosophy of demonic and other-worldly powers, why what individual gets what power or powers due to location, experience, and genetics. He also covers many other things, but that is 'is main focus,” Francis answered interestedly. 



The angel nodded. “I see. I had been wondering since I arrived about all that. . . Your world is very different from mine.” 



Francis chuckled. “I can imagine ‘ow much different it must be. Full of light and all that.”



Arthur nodded, a bit somber. “Much more light . . .” He missed home. It was no crime to make that obvious. 



The demon took note of it, curling his tail sedately. “Tell me, Arthur, what did you do when you were in ‘eaven? A scholar?” 



He chuckled in response. “No, not a scholar. You know I am a Magicae angel, correct?” 



“Oui, I do.” 



Arthur