Crap with computers” seemed safe enough and he had his title as JXRED so it wasn’t as if he was giving away personal information, right?

And so begun his quest to see what was so great about Tumblr.

 

“Jared? Jay? Where are you man?” 

Jared jumped as he heard his boyfriend move through the house and call his name. He rubbed his eyes and looked around in surprise, when did it get dark?

“Jared!” Jensen yelled from downstairs and Jared leapt into motion, slamming his laptop shut and ignoring the pain in his neck from staying too long in the same position.

“Coming.” He called back, running his hand through his hair and turning the light on as he left the study.

“Jared!” Jensen shouted, throwing himself into Jared’s arms and kissing his face all over. Jensen was always strangely ecstatic to see Jared, even though they lived together. Jared learnt to ignore most of Jensen’s strange behavior.

“Hey Jen.” He replied, wrapping his arms around Jensen and hugging him tightly. He may be weird and do weird things but he was still Jared’s boyfriend and if Jensen weren’t so opposed to hearing the words, Jared would probably say ‘I love you’ until he couldn't anymore. But Jensen was weird about those words, so that was a no go.

“I wanna watch the Lion King tonight, Felicia was talking about it today and now I’m craving it.” Jensen said into Jared’s neck and then grabbed his hand tightly and pulled him towards the living room. Jared followed and tried not to think of his laptop upstairs.

 

Jared squinted at all of the pictures of one man on his dashboard. He had followed the people Tumblr had recommended because he had no idea who to actually follow and now there were practically hundreds of pictures of one man. Benedict Cumberbatch? Jared narrowed his eyes even more and stared at the man.

Oh, Jared knew who we was, he was the guy that Jensen loved and cherished. He actually wasn’t all that hot but who was Jared to judge his boyfriend’s choices, that’s how he started dating him anyway. Shrugging, Jared clicked reblog and continued to scroll. If he had one picture of Cumbersnatch or whoever he was, it wasn’t going to hurt anyone.

 

Jared stared down at the screen of his laptop and read the ‘Signal Boost’ as he had learnt they were called.

‘Help me find the post-‘

Jared stopped reading as a sudden thought came to him. He opened a new post and typed up his own signal boost to find Jensen Ackles.

 

Jensen glared at him over the top of his iPad. 

“What are you smiling at?” He asked in a slightly bitter tone. Jared was suppressing snickers and he looked up at Jensen’s foul expression.

“Sexually strokes wall until finding light switch.” He said with a straight face, “What a turn on.”

Jensen gave him a dismayed expression before laughed loudly, “Dude, I’ve already seen that one. And when did you get a Tumblr?” 

“A month ago.” Jared admitted and Jensen smiled up at him.

“What’s your URL?”

“What’s your URL?” Jared retorted.

“I am never ever going to give you my Tumblr name.” Jensen looked scandalized, “You’ll see all the weird shit I post.”

Jared gave him a smug grin, “Well then I won’t give you my URL.” He said and Jensen stuck his tongue out and went back to his iPad.

“I will buy America for 3 goat.” He said suddenly.

“No, no, that is too much goat.” Jared replied, not looking up. Jensen’s laughter rang in his ears for the rest of the day.

 

Two months into Tumblr and Jared was hooked, he finally understood Jensen’s obsession with the internet. Jared used to be okay with not checking his phone every hour. Now he couldn’t go half an hour. He used to sit, confused, as Jensen used internet jokes on him, but now he knew every reply and damn did it feel good.

But now? His mission was to find Jensen. That was the end game from the beginning though wasn’t it?

He opened the search bar easily and typed in ‘jensen ackles’.

Nothing, not even tags. Jared wrinkled his nose and did a little dance with his fingers over the keyboard before deciding what to search. He typed in Jensen’s instagram account name, ‘jenjenjackles’ and frowned when again, nothing came up.

His search was not going to end though, he promised himself as he quickly wrote up another signal boost, this time with tags.

 

God, Benedict Cumberbatch was hot. Jared reblogged yet another photo of him and sighed, “What is my life?” He asked himself, careful not to speak too loudly as Jensen was curled around him and drooling on his stomach. Cute.

 

Jackles?
No.

 

“I like your shoelaces Jen.” Jared said watching Jensen put on his purple Vans