douchebag that was rude to him at work and doesn’t deserve his attention, let alone his affection.

 

“You have a very nice hometown,” Zayn says, cleaning the ice cream off his lips with a napkin, “your family’s really nice too.”

 

Liam smiles, because it means the world with him. “Thank you,” he responds softly, goes on to think about how much Liam’s family likes Zayn, tries to fill in the blanks of why he doesn’t like him as much as everyone else in his home.

 

x

 

It happens on the last day before they go back to school.

 

Everyone else is asleep but them, both laid out on the roof of the house, staring at the stars. Liam tells Zayn about how this place used to be his escape when he was younger, how he would come here and think for hours, sometimes waking up to the morning light. Zayn stares at him with a permanent smile on his face, his caramel brown eyes hypnotizing Liam and making him doubt the relative beauty of the night sky.

 

They stay silent for a bit, until Zayn speaks again.

 

“A world of made is not a world of born, pity poor flesh and trees, poor stars and stones, but never this fine specimen of hypermagical ultraomnipotence,” Zayn says as Liam turns his head to face him, “Doctors know a hopeless case if—listen: there’s a hell of a good universe next door; let’s go.”

 

“What was that?” Liam asks, confusion and endearment blending into his expression.

 

“E.E. Cummings, a poet,” Zayn responds, his expression thoughtful. “You ever think of how people remind you of certain things?”

 

“Yeah,” Liam nods.

 

“You remind me of a night full of stars, waiting to be counted like the freckles of your skin, bright in all the darkness,” Zayn says, his hand reaching to touch Liam’s arm, graze fingers on the skin, burning holes everywhere he touches. Liam’s blushing, endearment beating confusion in this match that’s been happening for the past three months. “You remind me of spring,” Liam says, thinking about the cologne and the way Zayn looks at him like he could start again. Because he wants him to.

 

Maybe that’s why everything was happening this way, because Liam hadn’t liked that Zayn but it was because this Zayn wasn’t out there yet. They lay like this for a couple of seconds, facing each other with a smile on their lips and Zayn’s arm drawing shapes on his arm, as if he was trying to recreate every tattoo he’d ever gotten, as if he was trying to mark Liam’s body.

 

Rationality loses to instinct when Liam closes the space between them, looking into Zayn’s eyes and finding himself lost. So lost he closes his own and presses his lips against Zayn’s.

 

It’s still, for a couple seconds that feel like hours, where Liam regrets his decisions. But then Zayn’s returning the kiss, his hand moving to wrap fingers around Liam’s neck, pulling him closer. They spend moments like this, experimenting and becoming acquainted to the touch, the feeling of their lips pressed against each other in kiss after curious kiss. Liam learns to like the taste of Zayn’s lips, like coffee and cigarettes and thinks about the feeling of smoke and fire, how he came to associate it with Zayn as well.

 

Liam darts his tongue out cautiously, licks at the bottom of Zayn’s lip like he’s asking for permission, being met with Zayn’s. They kiss passionately, indefinitely, their lips pressing and Liam’s hand makes its way down to Zayn’s back, runs up and down the stretch of his body, kissing him until he feels like he’s run out of air.

 

When they finally pull apart, there’s a smile on Zayn’s lips that lets Liam know he’s made the right choice.

 

x

 

They wake up in each other’s arms on the roof of the house.

 

Ruth knocks on the window, laughs to herself, and walks away.

 

At least this time, she wasn’t the one caught falling in love.

 

x

 

Things are incredible by the end of the semester.

 

Louis and Niall both have grown sick of their antics, the way Liam always finds an excuse to hold Zayn’s hand and how Zayn always brings Liam his favorite sandwich from the deli two blocks away whenever they get together to study for finals. Liam doesn’t grow wary of it at all, trying to surprise Zayn at times with copies of books that he finds at vintage stores, and a new bottle of the Gucci cologne as a Christmas present. It’s more of a present to himself, seeing as how he sprayed his pillowcase with it and he gets to smell Zayn all the time, but he doesn’t need to know that.

 

They’re at the library one day, Louis and Niall and that boy Harry who Louis has