's house.

Until hunk, the lovable cinnamon roll that he was, pointed out that they didn't know where Keith lived.

"Well, I mean, I could just jack his student info, it'd take, like, 30 seconds."

And thus lance had never been more grateful for the small ball of tightly compacted sass that was pidge. True to their word, pidge pulled up the info, located Keith's house via Google maps and lance sprung out of his seat, not willing to wait for the end of the day to find him.
______

When lance reached the house that was only a 15 minute walk away it hit him what he was doing, what exactly was happening.

If he knocked on the door one of his parents were likely to answer, and that gave no good good outcome.

Lance was careful when skirting the house so as not to make much noise, when he came to a window he held his breath before carefully peeking through.

He saw nothing but an unassuming kitchen, even if it was messy and uncared for.

It seemed that Lance didn't need to keep peeking through Windows because he heard cussing and smacking sounds that were only slightly muffled by the thin walls of the shabby house.

And the one smart decision he will ever make, according to pidge, was backing away, going just around the block and calling the police.

 

A hospital stay and much development.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The police arrived, ambulance just behind them and they took Keith's parents, the paramedics rushing in for said boy.

When they wheeled him out on the gurney lance felt his stomach churn.

Lance shuffled closer to them and peered at the black haired boy. He had bruises anywhere lance could see and he already had an oxygen mask on, they were bumbling around, getting him up into the ambulance.

When he was safely strapped in he asked one of the less scattered ones if he could come, but was led away by a police officer.

He was asked how he found them, if he knew them, why he wasn't at school, and once he'd sufficiently answered they made him call his mom.

When Mrs McClain arrived on the scene she found lance like a heat seeking missile.

"Lance, how are you sweetheart?"

She held his cheeks and lance let himself fall into her warm, familiar arms as the events caught up to him.

"Mama," lance's throat was tight and he felt his eyes sting. "Mama, he's so- he's hurt bad."

His mother pulled him to her tightly and he felt shielded, not quite safe, not quite comfortable, but better.

"We'll go see him, alright? He'll be fine, back at school in no time, I promise."

Lance nodded into his mother's shoulder, feeling her comforting words if not quite believing them.

______

They weren't allowed to see Keith for several hours and then only because lance had saved his life.

Keith was asleep when lance got to his room, so lance took up a quiet vigil in one of the hard plastic chairs.

Having Keith in front of him was surreal, after the panicking he'd done he didn't think he'd see Keith alive again. But there he was, laying prone in front of him, already having been through surgery for his punctured lung, internal bleeding and to correct his broken ribs, 3 of them.

He also had a broken leg, fractured arm, concusion and dozens of tender bruises littering his body.

Lance felt himself folding up into the chair as best his long limbs would allow. He prayed for Keith and his recovery and general wellness and happiness and future and eventually rambled off into less important things like his grades and that his teachers were nice.

His quiet mumbling was disturbed by a soft inhale and raspy exhale, followed by the sheets rustling.

"Why're you talking about college, we're still sophomores."

Lance unfolded himself from the chair and slowly, disbelievingly stood close to Keith's bed, his hip only inches from Keith's hand.

"Keith," lance didn't know what to say, and when he tentatively whined the boys name he felt even more lost.

His chest was tight and his shoulders were tense and when Keith snuck his hand into lance's the long fingers twitched before intertwining properly.

"M'okay lance," Keith's thumb brushed lances knuckles, but the clip on his finger and the careful way he talked around the bruises on his lips and jaw told lance He was wrong.

The Cuban boy moved closer and leaned over the bed to gently cradle Keith's head, burying his nose in the black strands.

"No it's not. Its not keith. keith..."

Lance trailed off and screwed up his face, trying not to cry or let his voice crack.

Keith tipped his head back, resting his chin on lances shoulder. He brought his other hand up with difficulty and petted lance's arm before letting his hand lay by his