he said firmly. Kuroo made a face, but looked away grudgingly. “We did wrong by trying to force Iwaizumi to show us his words. Some people want them to be private. Let’s just go and play soccer.”



The boys were silent before Bokuto laughed.



“Yeah! Soccer!”



Iwaizumi shuddered as Terushima threw him the ugliest glare he could manage


 


High school was even worse. Soulmates were beginning to get found.



“Iwaizumi, this is my soulmate Kenma,” Kuroo said, almost glowing as he said the words



Snow dusted their shoulders. The street lamps flickered above them. Iwaizumi exhaled softly, breath puffing. The cold didn’t bother him. He was too numb to feel it.



He shook hands with a short pudding-head, grinning. “Hey. I'm really happy for you, Kuroo. Nice to meet you, Kenma.”



Kenma nodded once, hesitantly, before whispering, “Likewise.”



Kuroo sighed at the noise. Like every word Kenma spoke was a rush of air, and he was a drowning man. Something dark in him growled bitterly. Something in him hated that happiness. Kuroo rubbed Kenma’s shoulder, and then lowered his voice as he turned back to Iwaizumi. 



“Look, dude, I know you’re really traditional about keeping your words to yourself and all, but seriously. I can help you find your soulmate.” He grinned like he was a fucking saint. Iwaizumi clenched his fist, resisting the urge to punch the other in the face.



He forced himself to shake his head slowly, keeping the smile on. “Look, Kuroo. Thanks for the offer, but I really don’t need help. I’m not looking for a soulmate.”



“Why not?” Kuroo asked, sounding annoyed. “Meeting your soulmate is the best thing in the entire world. It makes the world brighter, it makes food taste better—I’m serious!”



Iwaizumi sealed his lips and turned, walking away. He waved over his shoulder. “Thanks, but no thanks.”



Kuroo turned to Kenma, pressing a kiss on the other’s pudding head. “Well, whatever. At least I’ve got you.”



“Sap,” Kenma muttered, blushing.



Iwaizumi wanted to vomit. He wanted to throw up a lot nowadays. He walked through the cold night listlessly until he was alone. With nothing but streetlights and snow.



“Fuck,” he said out loud, and kicked a tree. He kicked it again. He breathed in, and yelled, “FUCK!”


 


Iwaizumi was in college when he got the tattoo.



There had been a massive party. Iwaizumi remembered drinking enough alcohol to give a whale a hangover and little else. All he knew was that now he was here. In a tattoo parlor.



The tattoo artist cracked the joints in his neck. “Are you of age?”



Iwaizumi gave a garbled reply and tugged his wallet out of his pocket. The tattoo artist checked his ID to make sure. He nodded, with a sigh. “Alright, choose what you want.”



Iwaizumi was too drunk to care. No, not drunk. Depressed. There’s the right word. He couldn’t bring himself to care at all nowadays. He pointed to a random design. “Give… Give me that one. On my… wrist.”



The tattoo artist stared down at the pale wrist for a second in barely contained surprise, but didn’t comment. “I’ll make it small so the regrets in the morning aren’t too bad.”



The needle began to whir. Everything faded out to a warm darkness.



Iwaizumi came to in his apartment the next day. The clock read 1:22 PM. His first thought was, “holy fucking shit, my head.” His next thought was, “oh fuck, THE TATTOO.”



Horror bubbled in his stomach at the sight of the bandage on his wrist. Iwaizumi grit his teeth before slowly peeling it back. His jaw dropped. Calloused fingers touched the tender dyed skin. There, in the middle of the blank wrist he hated so much, was a single music note.



Simple. Beautiful.



Iwaizumi pursed his lips, unsure how to feel. He ignored the throb in his chest and walked slowly to the bathroom.



Whatever.


 


Hanamaki looked at the music note on Iwaizumi’s wrist.



“Did you cover up a word?” he asked, confused.



Iwaizumi’s hands were shaking as they gripped the mug. “No.”



“Oh… I don’t get it.” Hanamaki played with his pink hair. He’d been doing that a lot since he’d lost a bet with Daishou and gotten it dyed. “Why do you have a tattoo on your wrist instead of soulmate words?”



His eye twitched. He croaked, “I wasn’t born with any.”



Hanamaki leaned back. He paused. “Cool. Alright. Can you pick up the milk today from the supermarket?”



Iwaizumi broke down, burying his face in his arms. His curled in on himself, pressing his face against the table’s surface as he