did he kind of wished he went for the calling the police route. Since the stranger in his kitchen didn't look so nice. Usually he tried hard not to judge other people but the Stranger made it hard not to.  

 

What with the their ripped clothing, stained with unknown substances, their long matted and greasy hair, and face covered in dark stains. Along with the utterly revolting smell that hung around them like a shroud. But the worst of it was the stranger's eyes. They were glazed over as if the owner were not really there, but when they landed on him they filled with so much hate he couldn't help but hold his breath and clutch at his chest. Hoping for the gaze to become uninterested and look away. 

 

Instead the gaze intensified as the stranger pointed a crooked finger at him and drawled out a menacing "You!"

 

Knowing the answer already still didn't keep him from pointing at himself and squeaking out a meek "Me?"

 

"Yes, you. Cat stealer, your such a horrible person. She's mine Mine MINE! Ya got that?" The stranger shouted as they marched towards him, flinging their hands around as they spoke. 

 

"Cat?... You're here... for the cat?"

 

"Yes you ingrate! You stole my cat. My precious sweet baby pop. BUT that's okay I'll get her back. I'll get 'er" The stranger mumbled to themselves stopping as they dug through their pockets. 

 

Silas felt his dread grow as the stranger produced a switchblade, which shone in the light. Drawing Silas's gaze like a moth to a flame. Knowing if he got too close to it he would surely die too. Just like the moth.

 

Feeling his mouth turn to ash and his hands start to sweat he mumbled out a quick " You can take the cat back, no harm done right? It was just a misunderstanding, yeah? So you can put the knife away."

 

Holding up his hands to try to sooth the obviously crazed stranger. He yelped as white-hot pain slashed across his palm from where the stranger cut him. The sound of blood dripping to the floor caused his breath to hitch. 

 

"I'm afraid that's not possible." Purred the stranger. "Ya see, I Have to MAKE sure you don't come back and take my cat again." They burst out laughing. "Gotta make sure you don't. Ya know?"

 

Silas's heart stuttered, thinking quickly he flung the nearest thing to him at the stranger causing them to grunt. Turning around to run away, he only got a few steps in before he was tackled from behind. Knocking the air out of him. 

 

"That wasn't very nice. Shame on you, that hurt. " The stranger scolded as they sharply pulled Silas's hair. 

 

"No! No! No! Get off of me!" He screamed as he struggled, finding himself too weak to get out of the Stranger's firm hold. 

 

"Ah aha haHAHAHAHAHAHA! I'm afraid it's too late for you. She's Mine! I'll protect her from the likes of you. Ya worm. " The stranger rambled as they leant over Silas, bringing their knife up to his cheek. Suddenly they pressed it down, dragging it sharply away causing another scream to burst from Silas's lips along with the sound of blood splattering across the floor like raindrops.

 

"Let's see more red, shall we?"

 

Whimpering out in sobs Silas couldn't help but to plead for the stranger to stop. That he'd do anything. But there was no such luck. The stranger turned him over, causing him to try to lash out once again only to be stopped as the stranger slammed his head into the ground. Dizzly, he thought that the stranger could really use a breath mint as they leaned closer to him. 

 

"No more cat stealers." They sing songed.

 

"Nope nope. I'm getting him gone. Isn't that right Dori dear?" The stranger whispered to themselves, as they placed their hand over Silas's mouth. They then brought the switchblade up to his throat.

 

"No more no more no more~ Dori's mine Mine MINE! Ya Hear that CAT STEALER. She's mine, not yours." And with that the stranger slashed their knife across, laughing in increasing volume as they watched Silas panic and start to drown in his own blood. 

 

And Silas, he started to gag and choke as the coppery liquid filled his mouth as his air disappeared. With burning lungs he reached for his neck, trying to put pressure on the wound. Black dots filled his vision as he tried to breathe without any luck.

 

Drowning in his own blood, trying to breathe again and again knowing it was hopeless. Still he tried, since he wished to live. Regrets filled him as he failed to do the simplest thing. He wished he'd payed more attention to the good things in life, and he wished he had let