the man’s face. Oikawa cleared his throat, loudly in the crowded train carriage, and licked his lips. “Do you want to let your vile grip on that woman go?”  Heads turned, everyone staring, and the man glowered darkly at Oikawa and his hand joined the other holding onto the metal pole. A few people clapped, and the woman gave Oikawa a soft smile, nodding her head in thanks. He smiled brightly back at her, and then returned his gaze to the signs decorating the slanted walls at the top of the carriage. His eyes flickered to the man, taking in his details. He was tall, maybe just over six foot, and aged anywhere between thirty and thirty-five. He had short black hair, a mop, rather like Karasuno’s setter. Dark eyes matched his hair. His lips were a thin grimace as he avoided the dirty looks the other passengers were sending him.   Oikawa committed every inch of his face to detail, including the mole about three inches to the right of the tip of his nose, and then turned his attention to his phone. He had four texts from Ushijima, asking him how classes had been, when he would be home, what he wanted for dinner, and another asking if he was alright. He tried not to sigh as he opened the messages.  Hey! Sorry for the radio silence ^^ was busy after classes taking some extra notes from Maiko-chan! Classes went fine, they lagged a little, but they were fine. I’m on the subway now, so I should be about twenty more minutes. I need to nip to the shops and pick up some snacks – I have a test in a few days and I want something to chew on whilst I study tonight. Dinner? Rice in tea! I’m fine, stop worrying that pretty little head of yours Ushiwaka-kun :))))  Oikawa hit send and then looked up again. The man was watching the station they had just stopped at, and then began moving towards the doors as they shut. Oikawa hesitated.  Actually, I might be a little late. Maiko-chan just asked if I wanted to study at her’s. Have dinner without me; I might be home late! :) ;)  Oikawa didn’t know why he lied. He didn’t like lying; it was unclean for the soul, ugly and dirty. Ushijima would know exactly what he was doing.  It had been a week since Ushijima had walked in on him cleansing the world of another unpure soul, releasing it so it could be reborn with a new chance. One week since Ushijima had helped him scrub their small home clean of every speck of blood. One week since Ushijima had laid in bed, tossing and turning, mumbling things about murder and what am I doing and should go to the police whilst he thought Oikawa was asleep. A chime from his hand dragged Oikawa from his thoughts and he looked down at his phone.  Just hurry home  Oikawa could feel Ushijima’s uneasiness through the phone, and tried not to feel bad. He shouldn’t feel bad; not at all. He was doing the world a favour, he was cleansing Miyagi one bad soul at a time. Ushijima should feel bad for not supporting him. Smiling once more, Oikawa watched as the man made his move onto the platform and then, as though he were doing nothing more than stepping off the train, began to follow him.

 

-xox-

 

Blood turned the grass red, seeping into the soil beneath the body. Oikawa laughed softly as he watched the last of the scum’s life leave his eyes and stretched. He’d fought – well, Oikawa granted him that – but it hadn’t been enough. A stab to the back of his knee and he’d collapsed, landing on the cold, gravelled ground and screaming for help. He’d tried to escape, and Oikawa had let him. He had stood and watched the scum crawl for the grass of a park, leading up a rather steep incline to where people might have passed.  Oikawa had allowed him to have hope, just that tiny little hope that someone might save him, and then had descended when the scum was mere inches from the start of the incline. The knife had flown through the air, glinting in the moonlight, skewering his body over and over again until there was hardly any skin left on his back to skewer. Oikawa had rolled him over and started again, using his chest as his easel this time. Blood stained the tattered remains of the white suit shirt he wore, streaming down the revealed skin before the knife would follow their tracks.   Eventually, Oikawa’s aching arm finally stopped descending, and he took a breath, staring at his master piece. Smiling softly, he giggled and started to arrange the man, laying him out to look as though he were sleeping before he stood. Observing his art, he frowned. Something was missing. It dawned on him within moments and he smiled. Taking a wipe from his bag, he stabbed the knife through the man’s hand –