to say something when you hear footsteps behind you. Dave, and he's not trying to be quiet.

"Mornin', dudes," he yawns, and you are so furious with him.

“Sup, little dude.” Bro’s chair scrapes back. “Found out you didn’t let John know about the whole conversion disorder or whatever with him? What’s up with that?” And his voice is casual, too casual for the vitriol you want, for how you want to make Dave bleed with it.

There’s a beat of silence (and you think it feels guilty, and it should). “Oh. Yeah. Sorry, I wanted to make sure, since, you know, we’re really only guessing when it all boils down.”

“We?” you ask, and you know that your voice is hard and cracking. “Who else knew before I did?”

You swear you can feel Dave’s regard turning towards you and you flex your hands, try to breathe in to calm down. After a few beats of quiet, he answers; it’s clear he doesn’t know why you’re upset or angry and that. That just pisses you off more. “Rose does. She’s the one who suggested it.”

“So, can anyone tell me why I wasn't told about any of this?" you bite out, tasting the fury in your mouth riding along your tongue. Fuck, was he never going to tell you? Oh yeah, you're not blind because there's actually something wrong with you, you're blind because your brain doesn’t want to fucking work right. Because that's so much better. "That's so awesome, Dave, yeah, I totally didn't want to know that I can be fixed, or that nothing got messed up with me and that I just need some counseling! And it was so nice that you just didn’t say anything at all!"

“I don't see what the big rush is, man-” Dave starts, and you inhale sharply, snap.

“Oh, I don’t know, maybe I just don’t want the last thing I ever saw to be my dad’s bleeding, dead body two feet from my face!”

Fuck, you wish you could see Dave right now, because if he looks half as hurt as you want him to be, as this silence is making him out to be, then you think you could feel vindicated instead of just angry. You realize that the urge to lash out and hurt is probably not the best one you've ever had, but at the moment, you can't bring yourself to really care. You're fucking blind. Blind and it's not your fault and you're not getting better and you have no idea why you're blind in the first place!

"Jesus christ," Dave mutters eventually. "I'm sorry, alright? I just thought that maybe..."

He sighs and shifts and you breathe in fury, breathe out frustration, slowly calm down. As your anger subsides, guilt quietly creeps in to take its place. Ugh, what is wrong with you? You shake your head. No. He didn't tell you. He didn't tell you, and he should have, and you're going to be mad at him.

“You didn’t think enough.” You make a move to leave and only end up running straight into Dave. For an instant, you feel him grip your shoulders, his breath on your face –close, surprisingly close- and there is a strangely charged silence. You tilt your head, about to ask but-

"Alright, ladies, time for school. Get in the car."

And Dave lets you go like he’s been electrocuted.

The car ride is agonizing because you’ve sufficiently alienated Dave enough that you can’t lean against him. So you shake silently until you get to the school. You can’t even barrel out of the car once it’s pulled to a stop because you’re too worried about what might happen. You could run into someone, a car, and your train of thought goes absolutely wild until you feel someone grab your hand.

“Ready?”

God, you wish you could still be furious with him but he’s the only thing grounding you. Your head is spinning with the cyclical torrent of your emotions, and you. You just want yourself to calm down, even though you know that just thinking it won’t help. You let Dave help you out of the car, grumbling to hide your nerves. The insane chatter and noise typical of school soon overwhelms you, and you are guiltily grateful for Dave’s tight grasp on your hand.

School is... school. You missed it, in an abstract sort of way, but the reality is absolutely terrifying. You can't see anything, everyone's too loud, you're missing out on at least half of the