one true friend in the class and that was midoriya. he wasn't too close with him but he realized how important midoriya was to him and how he helped todoroki find himself. todoroki then stood up, interrupting the class and asking to leave, Aizawa said ok before shouto could even finish his sentence. once todoroki left he felt suddenly a lot better not as hot and unbearable at before.
once he got home after getting on the train he felt inclined to got just sleep, he didn't know what was wrong with him and neither did he want to find out. a few hours passed of todoroki on his bed passed out, he felt suffocated and extremely hot. he then began to strip his suddenly drenched clothing off of himself in haste realizing he had no energy. he looked over his shoulder to find a note reading "shouto, I can smell the omega fumes coming from your room so I decided to give you some of my suppressants, I think you might be in heat.-love, your older sister" todoroki was astonished but clearly shook that away as he swallowed the pills that lay on his night stand in the dark and gulped down  the water beside it messily.
he felt well enough to get up and change into brand new clothes , he wobbled out of his room holding onto the walls as he left. he looked at his phone 'geez its already 6' he thought to himself as he heard the door open and heavy footsteps trailing in. before young shouto knew it his father stood right before I'm looking furious. of course why wouldn't he be, thought shouto then remembering his change of gender that affected his father's pride so heavily. todoroki braced himself for a hit expecting but all he got was an ignore. todoroki opened his eyes in shock, "what "he whispered with his suddenly disappearing voice. "I have nothing to say to an omega" venom lacing his father's words. todoroki felt winded, as if someone just punched him straight in his face then kicked him nonstop while he begged for his life. todoroki gathered the straining bit of energy he had in himself and ran out the front door making sure to push through his father in the process. neither of them had seen the rest of the family peeking through out the house of the hurt wincing faces of one another.
todoroki reached into his pocket once he was around the block and clicked the first person he could think of at a time like this "midoriya?" said shouto breathily into his phone "todoroki what happened are you ok? why are you panting? have you been crying? are those traffic sounds I hear?" said the smaller boy on the other end ."I'm coming over text me the address asap" shouto then hung up his phone and waited for a response which came instantly, he started in the direction suddenly remembering that he childhood friends with bakugo katsuki the boy that kept staring at him today, 'isn't he an alpha?' he asked himself but losing that thought once he tripped over a rock and braced himself for a hard hit but was hit with a strong pair of sculpted arms instead. he opened his eyes to see the bakugo katsuki only inches away from himself.
todoroki began to try to push himself  away from the other boy , but fell on him instead he looked up to see bakugo's face contorted almost trying to restrain himself." I can't move" said shouto looking down desperate in the other boys arms . I'll help you idiot where are you going he said, in  calm husky voice that made todoroki shiver ,then suddenly todoroki felt immensely hot , realizing just how big bakugo's arms were and how bakugo held him as if he were just a feather. todoroki was emanating arousal off of himself as bakugo picked him up in a piggy back hold, todoroki whispered into bakugo's ear for he had no energy to speak saying "take me to midoriya's". bakugo blushed and nodded as he felt todoroki's hard on rub against his back, bakugo was getting sweats and shivers at the same time, confused he asked "you're in heat aren't you?" todoroki  rested his head against bakugos shoulder feeling serene in the boys essence ,yeah he replied. bakugo tensed up, alphas can't control themselves around an omega in heat which was why bakugo couldn't help but getting hard just from breathing in todorkois scent. It made him feel all warm inside, like he could forget malice but he couldn't dwell on those feelings. 10 minutes past as bakugo carried the other boy in heat towards midoriya. the night was approaching as the sunset, leaving the boys alone, walking down a street only a block away from midoriyas.
bakugo was losing his patience in the sickingly sweet stench of the vulnerable boy on his back. his muscled tensed as todoroki shifted his head towards the glands on the side of bakugos neck and inhaled deeply, this was something long termed mates did to one another. katsuki couldn't handle any longer, he ran the last 100 meters towards midoriyas house screaming a battle cry. todoroki held on