, seem out of character it's because they are eleven. They are innocent. Sort of. They're not going to be reserved or cynical yet because life hasn't made them so.When events happen further in the fic, they will start to become the adults we know, but for now, they are children and actually happy for once.

 

Three weeks after the impromptu ball, things had settled into a routine. They’d come down to breakfast in twos and threes, always sitting at the same table, and would spend roughly half an hour together at breakfast, depending on how early or late they woke up. They all left the dining hall together, heading up to the dormitories to grab their school stuff, or, if it’s a week-end, decide what they’re gonna do that day. Wednesday and Friday nights were study nights, generally either in the common room, or, if that’s too busy and loud, Enjolras, Combeferre and Courfeyracs room, as it’s the largest. The only problem with the latter is Eponine, Cosette, Musichetta and Floreal getting caught. Sometimes they used the ballroom, but they tried not to as they’d generally end up getting too distracted. They didn’t really study at that age, particularly that early in the term, but it helped to manage homework, and, like Enjolras had said, it’s a good habit to get into for later years. There was rarely a time when one of them isn’t glued to the hip of another, and Joly was already letting Bossuet, Grantaire or Musichetta take his hand to drag him somewhere. All in all, it was going incredibly well, and so they decided to put their friendship to the test when Courfeyrac proposed a sleepover.   

“But why? We’re literally together all day anyway, and sleep with another one of us in the room” Grantaire questioned.

“Because it’ll be fun! Also, who said anything about actually sleeping?” Courfeyrac wiggled his eyebrows.

“I’m happy with Jehan, thanks”

Jehan, Grantaires roommate, looked up and grinned at him.

“But R!” Courfeyrac whined

“R?”

“Yup” Courf popped the p. “Cause your name is Grant-Aire”

The newly dubbed R rolled his eyes. “Okay then”

“And I’m gonna take that ‘Okay then’ as an okay to the sleepover. Any other objections?”

It was quickly becoming clear that objecting to Courfeyracs ‘good ideas’ was futile, and so most had stopped trying. Ferre and Enj knew that already of course.

“Great!” Courf’s grin grew wider. “Since we don’t intend to actually sleep, it should be this Saturday”

“Where?” Musichetta asked

“Our room, we already have three beds, which is more than anyone el-”

“Okay but” Musichetta interrupted. “You do realise how much trouble we risk getting into just being up there in the day? It would be about a thousand times worse if we were caught staying the night”

“Yes, but you wouldn’t get caught. Seriously ‘Chetta, no one does rounds or anything until midnight, and even then, they don’t actually go into the rooms.” Courfeyrac rolled his eyes.

“I don’t think staff or prefects are the problem though” Cosette pointed out. “It’s the other boys in our year seeing us all go in and informing an adult”

“One, they wouldn’t see you, and two, your dad’s headmaster. You’d barely get in trouble” Courf waved of her concerns

“Just because he’s our father doesn’t mean he’s lenient”

“Cosette, I think you forget how long Enj and I have been friends. Ferre and I’ve known your dad’s half our lives”

She muttered something under her breath. “Damn. I forgot that”

Courf gave a victorious smirk. “Anything else?”

“Yes” Eponine’s tone left no room for argument. “Your idea, you provide food”

“Fine”

“Ferre”

“Yeah?”

“You know how much you love me?”

“What do you want”

Courfeyrac and Combeferre were in their dormitory, the latter reading whilst the other lay face down on his bed. Enjolras was out with Cosette somewhere.

“So, you know how I have to provide food”

“Mhm”

“Help me”

Combeferre finally looked up from his book and into the pleading eyes of his best friend.

“What do you want me to do?”

“I don’t know!” He fell backwards onto the bed dramatically. “Where do I get food from?”

“Kitchens”

“How do I get in there and convince them to let me have food?”

“You don’t convince them. You don’t ask, just take. They’ve gotta have a lot of food to feed the entire school, they’re not going to notice if a little’s missing”

Courfeyrac thought for a