Genesis said in response. He punched the back of Cloud's head and choked him with his left hand. With the other, he continued to prod the blond's insides, roughly shoving in another finger. "Keep still now."

Dazed, Cloud suddenly stopped moving. He gasped for air, unable to move even without Genesis choking him.

But it hurt. Everything this man was doing to him simply hurt and he felt more horrible than ever before.

"Good." Genesis undid his pants and removed his fingers. "You make a great whore, but you can be even better."

Cloud gasped again, knowing that things were going to get worse now. Even though he was still panicking, he tried to brace himself.

"I'm not your whore nor will I ever be, you bastard..."

"Oh hush." Genesis held onto the blond's wrists tightly. "You'll be thinking differently soon enough." He didn't give the noble much time or warning before he penetrated him and shoved himself all the way inside.

Cloud cried out in pain but tried to suppress his voice. It felt as if he were being ripped apart, but he didn't want to scream. The blond tried to hold on to what little pride he had left though he was in agony.

"What are you doing?" Genesis pulled out and thrust back in roughly. "Sing for me. Go on." He pulled out a dagger and pressed it against Cloud's back. "Do it."

This time, the blond yelled as he was brutally thrust into. Cloud had no other choice but to do what this bastard wanted from him – he didn't want to suffer even more after feeling the cold blade on his skin. He'd bleed afterwards anyway without coming into contact with that knife.

"Ahh-aah..."

"Louder," Genesis whispered. He yanked on the blond's hair, pulling his head back, and put the knife against his throat. He would've sped up and pounded into the blond even harder, but at this point it wasn't even physically possible for him to do so anymore.

Cloud was very afraid because of the crazed pirate and he decided to obey. Everything he was experiencing was horrible but he didn't want to die.

"I-I will! Stop it!"

"Do it. Do it now." Genesis was nearing his peak. He clenched his teeth, savoring the tightness.

Cloud started to moan with ecstasy, hoping Genesis would be satisfied with that. The pain in his behind was increasing again and he wasn't sure how long he could take it.

"Ahhh! Ah!"

It wasn't what the red-haired man had expected, but it had the same effect. He squeezed the blond's neck harder and pulled the knife away from the noble's skin.

"More," he demanded.

Cloud started to scream for that pirate. Part of the scream was genuine because of the anger and pain he was in. He couldn't endure it any longer.

He pushed the blond's head into the bed sheets, putting pressure on it as he thrust a few more times. Despite Genesis's stamina, however, he couldn't last forever. With a small grunt, he came inside the noble and shuddered.

The only thing Cloud could feel was pain as he screamed more and more. Digging his fingers into the sheets, he wanted to pass out more than anything.

Genesis pulled out, grabbing a napkin and cleaning himself off before he fixed his clothing. "Not bad," he commented. "But I'm sure you could have done much better."

"No... I never will..."

Cloud lay still without moving a muscle. The pirate was finished with him, but the pain wasn't gone.

Genesis looked down at the blond and grimaced. "You're bleeding all over my sheets." He shook his head in disgust and threw the cloth at the noble. "Clean yourself up. I won't have you dirtying my things. Sephiroth may allow his whores to be filthy, but I will not."

The blond froze in fear. He was bleeding? He took the cloth and moved it down his butt slowly and he gasped, his eyes widening.

The cloth was red.

The noble looked away. That bastard. He'd insulted Sephiroth before, but it was Genesis who was really perverse. Cloud started to miss the silver-haired man. He'd never treated him that way. But he'd never come rescue him from Genesis.

Never.

"Hurry up." Genesis crossed his arms. "It would be in your best interest to do it right before I do it for you." The next phase of his plan was done. He'd physically taken the blond from Sephiroth, and now he'd taken Cloud as his own. He smirked. Now all he had to do was establish his rules for the noble and enforce them.

"I hate you..." Cloud whispered during he was cleaning himself. It hurt very much