chore he’s about to do in the house. Wearing the gloves, he dressed one hand, closed-opened his palms as if to test the comfort and then the other.

            He stripped from his current shirt and took the baggy one from the drawer. Taking a seat, he put each foot on each black boot.

            “Baekhyun,” the same voice.

            Baekhyun looked at the door which his mother blocked and shot a smile. Standing up, he walked to his mother and gave her a kiss on the cheek and walked past her.

            “Are you still upset by last supper?” his mother asked and Baekhyun stopped walking.

            He froze on his spot as if paralyzed by her mother’s question then he turned and smiled at her–a forced one, that is. “I don’t eat breakfast anyway,” Baekhyun said, “So you don’t have to worry about me being upset.”

            From the door of the shack, his mother closed it behind her and walked towards Baekhyun, rubbing his shoulders, “I know you are, son and I wish I could do something for ya’ but it’s your pa’ we’re facin’ here. His word is law.”

            “That’s why I’m not upset,” Baekhyun’s smile faded, “Because his word is law therefore I’m not allowed to be.”

            Overflowing with pity, his mother wanted to said more–convince her son that the family business and tradition isn’t a dead end future. Why, they were wealthier than any family however they stuck to the traditions. And what was the money for if Baekhyun couldn’t even achieve his dream?

            What’s it all for when his father is forcing him to a different education? If he contradicts he’ll be out in the open–a wandering vagabond. His life only had two courses–to become a wealthy farmer and inherit the family business or become a beggar. Both were inevitable however one course could be terminated. By making a choice, the other possibility is kept at bay.

            Still, Baekhyun pictured his life in a separate household from his parents, staring at the stars every night from an observatory and studying the cosmos. That was his dream and that was what he brought up last supper.

            “You wanna go study stars n’ fer what? Fer goddamned nothin’?” his father said. Baekhyun could still remember the exact words, the exact tone and accent his father used. He wanted to protest but he couldn’t. He didn’t dare.

            “Well, pa’, it’s just that I’m good at science and I want to contribute somethin’ to the academe.” He wanted to say but didn’t. If he said those words to his father, he would have gotten the same reply.

            “Fer nothin’. You live ‘ere in Earth n’ studyin’ them stars is useless fer yer tattletales.”

            It was just anticipation yet Baekhyun could already picture the scenario so vividly.

            Toiling through the field, he pondered on the thought for another attempt to change his father’s mind about him becoming a cosmologist.

***

The maze of corn was Baekhyun’s second most favored place right next to the second floor of their barn which he turned into his personal observatory. He managed to hide the telescope he brought with the help of the stacks of hay in rectangular bunches.

From the billions of stars visible in the night sky, it’s absurd to say that Baekhyun has a personal favorite... but in fact, he does have one. From the belt of Orion–the Tres Marias, the star in the middle was Baekhyun’s favorite.

How was it different from other stars? Well truthfully, it wasn’t different. But somehow, it had a special place in Baekhyun’s mind.

In the middle of the field was an area with harvested corn and was also the area where Raggedy Joe (Yes it’s what Baekbeom and Baekhyun named the scarecrow) was stationed.

High up on the stake, Raggedy Joe was tied, hands spread open and head limping to face the ground.

Baekhyun approached with courage, contemplating his self of why every time he sees Raggedy Joe, his heart would beat faster than usual.

“I ain’t afraid of ya’,” Baekhyun spat and kicked Raggedy Joe’s post, a few strands of hay falling from the humanoid sack.

Well, why should he be afraid? Raggedy Joe is all what he is–a rag stuffed with hay and clothed with more rags, completely inanimate and not dangerous.

Baekhyun stared at Raggedy Joe from below. He challenged to stare at those button-eyes and sewn smile which, he noticed, becomes more terrifying every second. But still, he kept on staring until he just forfeited–closing his eyes and ducking his head in fear and defeat.

And then he chuckled, once more looking at Raggedy Joe with a well-played-smile.

The sun was about to set, it stretched Baekhyun’s and Raggedy Joe’s shadow behind them and Baekhyun could almost imagine Raggedy Joe’s shadow making a