a while."

"We will stay in their tour rooms. Explore and find information at night while the Kruos are asleep." Allura offered. 

Keith grumbled, "Fine." He looked above Pidge's head at Rhodon emerging back from the crowd. "That was fast." He grimaced. His team turned to greet their guide.

"Follow me to the quarry for your lesson in harvesting our crystals." 

-

The quarry was deep past the city away from their exit. It was situated on the edge of the waterfall from Coran's hologram. Rhodon had done his job explaining how to extract the crystal from its bed, how to look for the right size and shine, and set the team off to their harvesting. When it was all said and done, he brought them to their temporary residence. He bid them a good night and said he would return for them in the morning.

"We have to split in two." Keith leaned against the wall, trying to think of what Shiro would do. "One team goes up and one team goes down. We need to cover as much ground as possible." 

"Who's going where?" Hunk looked to Keith for direction. He wasn't sure if he liked the idea of splitting up, but he knew he didn't want to be stuck here any longer than necessary. The rest of the team looked to Keith for guidance as well. 

"I'll go down- "

"I'm coming with you." Lance interjected. 

"What? Why?" Keith furrowed his brow.

"Because you like to charge into fights and you need somone to cover your back. As the resident sharp shooter," He made finger guns and swung them around the room making fake shots, "It's a perfect job for me." He ended with a smirk in Keith's direction.

Keith flushed and looked to the other three, "You all can go up then. You should be able to hold up well together." He thought about the compostion of the teams, one heavy hitter and a flank or two. It seemed to square well. "Sound good?" His question was met with nods and the team breaking off. "Stay on comms and check in when you can." 

Keith watched as Allura, Pidge, and Hunk went their seperate way. "They'll be okay." He felt Lance's hand on his shoulder following his words.

Keith turned to meet his eyes, "I know." He began the trek down into the uninhabited caverns.

Whew! Creating an alien race from scratch was harder than I thought, and I didn't think it would be easy to begin with. 

Sorry this was so short, the next one will hopefully make up for it :D

This update came very quickly because I'm so excited to be back and writing!

Thanks for reading!


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Pidge was subconsciously leading the group up towards where they were dropped off from the plate in the middle of the city square. Once they made it to the plate, Pidge found herself recalling the bustle of the city when they were here earlier. She visualized Rhodon disappearing into the crowd towards a corridor that she couldn't see before.

"Hey, um.... Pidge?" Hunk startled her out of the daze she was in, analyzing at the corridor that she was staring at. When he saw her turn her attention to him he continued, "Where exactly are we going?"

Pidge pointed at the darkness in front of them, "That's where Rhodon went earlier when he said he was going to see the Queen." She began taking steps toward the corridor. "We are going to pay her a visit."

Hunk's eyes widened. "What? Th-the Queen?" He quickened his pace to catch up to her, "I don't think that's the best idea Pidge." He wasn't the biggest fan of the Kruos to begin with, they terrified him with their big, bulging eyes and unsettling pincers. He didn't want to even imagine what the queen looked like. 

"I have to agree with Hunk." Allura piped up, placing a hand on the green paladins shoulder. They were trying to lay low, which already isn't an easy feat. She felt like they were being reckless. As it stood now, they were separated which was something that Shiro insisted they try to avoid at all costs. "We still don't know if the Galra have influence over this planet. We don't want to offer ourselves up to their ruler." 

Pidge shook her head and flicked on the light that was built into her helmet. "Maybe they will have some sort of computer system and I can get us some more answers." She began down the small and dark path. Hunk shrugged at Allura and followed Pidge. None of them knew what they were looking for, but if Pidge could maybe give them some information, it was the best thing they could go off of. 

-

Lance was fiddling with his bayard in his hands, turning it