slick with her own wetness. She sucked on one finger and then another before he withdrew them completely.

“Does that taste good, Yasuho? I think I might want to try it myself,” he said, smiling broadly. She turned around at last to face him and began kissing him deeply, the imprint of her tongue against the inside of his cheek visible to Joshuu even through the slats of what had now become a prison to him. After Yasuho pulled away from the kiss, she took several steps over to Jobin’s bed, quietly dropping panties that matched her polka-dot bra down to the floor before perching herself on the edge. Jobin knelt down in front of her and began spreading her legs as she looked down at him with great interest. Her shirt and bra were still askew, leaving Joshuu with a clear view of her breasts. He couldn’t help himself; he stared at them and wondered how they’d feel in his own hands. They were just large enough to be a bit of a handful but not so large that they seemed too much. Her nipples were small, though they were at full attention after all of Jobin’s ministrations. Jobin had spread her legs completely open now and was kissing the inside of her thigh as he began to rub her clitoris with small, slow circles using his thumb. She was already dripping wet even before Jobin’s mouth reached her. As he placed his mouth against her most secret place he reached up with both hands, pulling her against his mouth forcefully and pinning her in place as she began to writhe against him.

Seeing her there on his brother’s bed, moaning with pleasure and slowly rolling her hips against Jobin’s face as he licked and sucked at her, cut deeply at Joshuu and he felt as though he couldn’t stand even another instant of this sort of torture. But as much as he fought against it, he felt himself slowly beginning to grow hard. All the times he’d touched himself while thinking about this very thing to her himself came to mind unbidden and he found himself becoming more aroused than he’d ever been. He tried to will his erection away, reminding himself that she was at this very moment betraying him in the worst possible way. She should know better than this, he thought. She’s acting almost as though she enjoys it, like she wanted it. Maybe she’d even planned it, that slut. Joshuu’s mouth had gone slack and he’d begun to drool on himself without even realizing it and one hand had already begun to stroke his cock through the fabric of his trousers.

Meanwhile, Jobin had pulled away from her just enough to begin sliding his fingers inside of her, one at a time. He just had two stuffed within her before looking up at her as if seeking direction. Yasuho squirmed, blushing deeply as she begged him to add a third. “Please, Jobin, please…” she moaned. He acquiesced, slowly fucking her with all three fingers as he began to lick at her clitoris again with a steady pace. Yasuho reached out with one hand and grabbed the back of his head, twining her fingers through the longer hair on top as she held him fast in place. She began moving her hips more rapidly, grinding herself against him as he worked.

“Don’t stop,” she said, her hand still holding him against her. “Do just that, please, please Jobin. I’m going to… I have to…”

Before she could finish her sentence, she stiffened and moaned loudly. Even her chest was flushed now. Her orgasm lasted longer than Joshuu would have thought possible, and he could hear her breath hitching. Joshuu kept rubbing himself through his pants, noticing a small wet spot forming where his pre-cum had soaked through. For a moment, he hoped against hope that it would stop at that. Jobin stood up, wiping his face and laughing as he told her how good she tasted. But then he reached down and began to unzip his pants, pulling them off before taking off his shirt as well. His back was to the closet, so Joshuu couldn’t see anything, but the expression on Yasuho’s face told him everything he needed to know. Her eyes had glazed over and she was biting her lower lip pensively, clearly intimidated by whatever was before her. Jobin took a step forward, reaching for her skirt. She lifted her hips up enough so that he could pull it off in one gesture, leaving her lower half completely exposed. He leaned forward, kissing her again while rubbing the tip of his cock against her opening.

“Don’t worry,” he murmured. “It looks big, but you’re so wet… I promise I won’t hurt you with it.”

Yasuho nodded. “It’s just… I haven’t done this before, so I wasn’t sure…”

Joshuu nearly doubled over inside the closet. He gripped the doorframe with one hand and bit down on his tongue so hard that he tasted blood. He was