the window, Tim was able to fall asleep as soon as he got comfortable in his bed, the duvet pulled tightly around him. He was out...until he felt the bed shifting and someone tugging at his covers. He groaned, flopping onto his back and opening his eyes. “Jason, what the hell?”

“Power’s out means heat’s out. It’s fucking freezing, scoot over.” Jason’s voice was gruff like he had just woken up, probably had.

“Ugh, fine.” Tim scooted over, giving him some room as Jason crawled into bed next to him. “I swear to God if you steal all the covers though…” He grumbled. It felt... strange  , Jason being next to him. He had rolled back over to try and fall back to sleep, a seemingly  impossible  task on that night. Just as Tim’s eyes were getting heavy  again  , just as he was going to happily welcome that blank unconsciousness...something prevented him from getting sleep  again . This time, it was a heavy arm draping over his waist. “Jason?” He muttered, not bothering to roll over.

“S’cold.” Jason’s voice was quiet, sleepy. Tim realized he must have been asleep -- or on the verge of it. He wasn’t going to disturb him, assuming that if Jason got some sleep...he finally  would as well. Instead, he let himself relax into the more muscular man, Jason’s hand resting on Tim’s lower stomach, fingers twitching as if he was trying to pull him closer.  Never  would he had chalked him up to being a cuddler, but the warmth was a plus.

When he woke up  again , the pounding rain had slowed to more of a drizzle, still softly echoing off the rooftop. Jason’s arm was still wrapped around him, hand on his lower stomach. The contact stirred something in Tim, something that maybe it shouldn’t have. It was the same heat that rose in him when he caught himself looking at Jason in his sweatpants. “You awake?” His voice was quiet, barely above a whisper.

“Yeah.” Was the quiet answer he got. “I think the power’s back on.” Jason pointed out. Yet neither of them tried to move from the other. Jason didn’t pull his arm away, kept his hand splayed on Tim’s stomach, fingers occasionally twitching against the skin. Almost like he wanted to grab him, pull him closer, force their bodies together.

And Tim thought about that...thought about getting closer to Jason, their bodies pressing together and his cock twitched.  Fuck. This wasn’t a good situation. He was cuddling with  Jason  and now he had a growing boner. He needed to get out of bed, go to the bathroom and  deal  with this before it got worse. He shifted, attempting to get up but Jason’s grip tightened. “Should probably let me get up, Jay.” He mumbled.

“And if I don’t want to?” Tim couldn’t tell whether he was being playful or not. Couldn’t tell if he was just being difficult ass Jason or if maybe….no. He was definitely thinking too much, too hard.

“Jason.” His voice was low and warning.

“Tim.” Jason’s hand moved lower, right over the bulge in his sweatpants and Tim groaned, bucked up against his hand. “If there’s even a chance you don’t want this...tell me.” He mumbled, pulling the contact away for a single moment. “I ain’t forcing you into anything.”

A low groan left Tim as the contact moved away. “Jason,  fucking touch me .” He practically growled and Jason took him up on the offer.

“Language.” Jason fucking  chided  him and Tim made a whimpering noise. Half annoyed, half aroused at that very idea.

“Please.”   

 “Shit.” Jason cursed. “Begging gets you  everywhere.” And  finally, fucking  finally, Jason’s hand slid into Tim’s sweatpants, fingers slowly wrapping around his hard cock. Almost immediately Tim was bucking into his hand, like a desperate man. Jason started with slow, teasing strokes. Barely enough to do anything other than get his cock harder, make Tim feel even more desperate.

Jason had his face buried in the crook of Tim’s neck, pressing himself against him. Jason was  hard  in those tight fucking sweatpants and Tim just wanted to  look  at him. At the same time, he didn’t want to move, wanted to keep Jason’s hand around his cock. Bucking his hips back against him, Jason groaned. Stopping his teasing, the hand around Tim’s cock began to pick up, giving a gentle twist around the head to complete each stroke.

He already had Tim moaning, pressing himself back against Jason as his hand stroked along his shaft. Jason’s other hand slipped underneath Tim’s body, getting to his bare chest and pinching at his nipples. “Oh god,” Tim bucked