... not allowed to talk! Is all secret.. can't let'y know... so don't tell yeah?''

''What-?''  

Arthur would have called a stop then, he really would have, but Merlin's tongue was back, exploring his mouth and gliding sensually against his own, stealing all his breath, and Arthur forgot what he had wanted to ask. He raked his hands through the thick of Merlin's dark hair, marvelling at how soft it was, and pulled his head down to drink every sigh and swallow every moan, not wanting to let any go to waste. Time lost any meaning and their surroundings were forgotten as they kissed and kissed and kissed and Arthur pushed his hands under Merlin's loose tunic, marvelling at the softness of his skin.

He nearly didn't hear the footsteps over their harsh panting and Merlin's incoherent mumbles, and so they had almost reached their not very well hidden corner when Arthur became aware of them. He quickly pressed a hand over Merlin's mouth, turning completely still. Suddenly, his mind provided him with a very vivid image of what they must look like. The prince holding his manservant up against the wall, their groins pressed against each other in the most obscene way, tunics shoved up, hair in disarray and lips bruised by forbidden kisses. It should have been like a bucket of iced water, but instead it sent a thrill through Arthur that went right towards his aching cock. He saw the servant walk past them, not looking right or left, and he almost wanted to pull his hand away from Merlin's mouth, wanted to push against him more forcefully and make him cry out. He felt exhilarated and carefree and as if he owned the whole world.   

Bending forward, he pressed his lips against the pale skin of Merlin's neck, burying the laugh that wanted to bubble up in his throat, and then licked and bit until a small bruise formed under his ministrations. Merlin melted against him, completely boneless.

''Merlin?''

His manservant only sighed, soft and content, and then pressed his face into the crook of Arthur's neck, starting to snore. 

''You can't be serious...'' 

Arthur slumped forward, holding Merlin up between him and the wall, and put his forehead against the blessedly cool stone. He would have laughed then, had his cock not been straining so hard against his breeches it was actually painful. 

Merlin curled himself closer around Arthur, smacking his lips in his drunken stupor, and Arthur sighed. Nothing to be done about it. He hoisted Merlin up further over his shoulder and, after ascertaining himself the corridor was clear, made his way back to his quarters with one semi-conscious manservant in his arms.  

Merlin was surprisingly heavy, considering he was mostly skin and bones, and Arthur dropped him down on his bed with a huff. Merlin only smiled and turned on his side, snuffling a little and pulling his knees up. For a moment Arthur could only stare. Merlin's tunic had ridden up, exposing the long, pale expanse of his back, and his breeches - while loose on his hips - stretched tightly over a small, round arse. Arthur's hand itched to touch him, but he knew he should not. He knew. 

He couldn't let Merlin sleep in his boots though, so Arthur pulled them off and then got rid off his own before he lay down behind Merlin. For a moment he just lay there, staring at Merlin's back and wondering about that kiss, wondering what it meant. Merlin was so thin, Arthur thought, he could count every knob of his spine. He only realised that he had reached out when the tips of his fingers brushed over them one by one. Merlin's skin was warm. It felt good to touch him like this, gently, like Arthur would never have dared if the situation had been different. He shuffled closer before he knew what he was doing, and pressed his face into the silky hair at Merlin's neck. His cock brushed against Merlin's arse and Arthur let out a shuddering breath. He shouldn't. He really, really shouldn't. 

His body seemed to disagree, and Arthur closed his eyes when his hand came up, palming Merlin's side and gliding up to his chest. His skin was incredibly smooth, almost like a woman's, but the angles were all wrong, sharp edges and hard plains instead of soft curves. Only it didn't feel wrong, it felt right. So very right.

Hips edged forward on their own volition and his painfully hard cock pushed into the valley between Merlin's cheeks, seeking a forbidden pleasure that shouldn't feel so good. He started to move, slowly, hesitantly, and then more and more insistently, pressing soft, almost apologetic kisses against the bony wings of Merlin's shoulders. The temptation was too sore, Merlin's body too pliant, his smell too enticing. Arthur gasped out a moan, unable to hold it back. He gave in then,