acting up so much. The adorable, tiny, timid kitten he had adopted had been replaced with a kind of terrifying, nasty cat. “Maybe something happened,” Jun had suggested. “Like, at the shelter, before you adopted him.”

               “No,” Chanyeol shook his head. “He was exactly the same up until I started going to work – then he got aggressive.”

               “Maybe he’s just protective,” Yixing had pointed out. “Sometimes young hybrids take to their owners like they’re their parents – so, Kyungsoo was taken away from his real mom, so maybe he thinks people are going to take you away from him.”

               Chanyeol supposed that made sense. “But what am I supposed to do?” He groaned, head in hands. “Eventually someone is going to start questioning why my cat is so aggressive – they take hybrids away sometimes if they’re really bad! And I can’t stay home all the time like he seems to want me to.”

               “You could always try catnip,” Yixing pointed out as he took a sip of his coffee.

               Chanyeol looked at him, baffled. “Isn’t that just some treat you give cats?”

               “It can be,” Yixing nodded. “It can also be used to calm them down.”

               “Or they can go crazy from it,” Jun protested. “Too much of that shit would just make it worse.”

               Yixing shook his head, “My vet told me to give it to Tao when he was a kitten – he had pretty bad behavioral issues too, ya know. Now that he’s a lot older he’s mellowed out, but the tea the vet gave me really helped calm his nerves when I was away. I only gave it to him every other day or so – so it wasn’t too much.”

               So, Chanyeol had gone to his vet, explaining what Yixing had told him, and walked away with a tin of expensive-as-fuck tea that would hopefully calm Kyungsoo down. The effects were kind of like weed. His cat was suddenly pretty chilled out for the day when he would brew him a cup in the morning. Chanyeol would walk in to Kyungsoo either napping or hopping up happily and purring in greeting. On the days where Chanyeol didn’t give him any, Kyungsoo would be pissed off at him.

               “Don’t you think it’s wrong though?” Jun asked nervously, his fingers tapping over his coffee mug in a rhythmic pattern. “You’re drugging him without him knowing.”

               “The vet said it was okay though,” Chanyeol shrugged. “She said they had to give it to people all the time for hybrids who are acting up.”

               “I just don’t think it’s right,” Jun shook his head. “How would you feel if someone did it to you?” Chanyeol raised an eyebrow at him. “Hybrids are people too, Chanyeol, no matter how much we treat them like pets, they have some human in them.” Chanyeol felt icy under his skin as Junmyeon stood up and left the break room. It would be pretty awful if someone was slipping Chanyeol weed or heroine or some other drug in his coffee.

               So, Chanyeol stopped giving it to Kyungsoo as often – instead only on days where he was being especially moody, or the day after Chanyeol had to ‘punish’ the cat. “Your cat already has anxiety problems,” the vet had explained when Chanyeol told her about how he tried to handle the situation. “You should never punish him too harshly or he’ll get very stressed out. You should try taking something away for a little bit, or put him in a sort of ‘time out’ for a while. It’s an owner’s right to punish their hybrid as they see fit, but with anxious hybrids we have to highly recommend staying away from an physical punishments or anything that will hurt their psyche too badly.”

               Chanyeol had never even thought of raising a hand to Kyungsoo – sure he spanked him a couple times, but not too hard - even when he had bitten Sehun and scratched Luhan, Chanyeol had never felt the need to get physical with the cat. After listening to the vet he felt even more so that dealing with Kyungsoo was like dealing with a bratty toddler. So, thus began the punishments of being put in his own room to sleep for the night, and getting his manga and books taken away.

               The first time Chanyeol had told Kyungsoo to go sleep in his own room; Sehun had come over because he thought Chanyeol was murdering the poor cat with how loud Kyungsoo was screaming. The cat was curled up on his bed, howling and sobbing for Chanyeol to forgive him. Chanyeol had assured Sehun that everything was fine and put in his earbuds to sleep for the night. Kyungsoo had snuck into the room to cuddle against him at around three o’clock am, but Chanyeol figured it was okay.

               Months later, when Jun announced he was adopting a dog, Chanyeol was honestly scared. “Are you sure?” He asked the older as they sat in Sehun’