that she thought was well worth it.


 


 “‘Like’ as in… ‘like-like’?” Ron asked. 


 


 “‘Like’ as in ‘I love you.’ ‘Like’ as in, ‘If you wanted to consider this a date, I’d be more than happy’. That kind of like.”


 


 Ron dropped his mask. Desirée picked it up for him, but made sure that their hands brushed as she handed it back to Ron. “I’ll take that as a compliment,” she said.


 


 “I just… I, um, I’ve just never had a girlfriend. Or a boyfriend, or a datefriend, or anyone who loved me. Well, that’s not true. My parents loved me, and so did my sisters…”


 


 Desirée nodded. “I get what you’re saying.”


 


  “I don’t even think I’ve ever really had a close friend. Besides you, I mean. I didn’t want to rush into things and just date the first person that liked me back, but I think this is different. Am I making sense? Sometimes I don’t make sense, and it’s bad for me, and it’s why nobody listens.”


 


 “Don’t worry. I’ll listen to everything you say, as long as you say anything.” Desirée grinned, before leaning in close to Ron. “Can I kiss you?”


 


 Ron nodded enthusiastically, and soon Ron and Desirée were tastefully kissing in the aisle of the costume store. Ron dropped his mask again, but neither of them bothered to pick it up.


 


 “I like this one,” Desirée said, pointing to a gold-encrusted mask studded with gemstones along the forehead. “It’s cute and it’s expensive.”


 


 “I’ll buy it for you!” Ron added quickly. I’ve got the money for it, security chiefs make a lot more than you’d think… Dessie.”


 


 “You’re cute, charming, and rich? You’re pretty much perfect!” Desirée joked. “One more question. How do you feel about motorcycle rides?”


 


 



 Of all the people Desirée had woken up to, Ron was her favorite, if she was honest. He slept peacefully, and she could hear his breath rising and falling through his nose in a high pitched whistle, a little bit of a half snore. This wasn’t a shot at Katie, but waking up in the middle of the woods next to Desirée’s motorcycle wasn’t quite as romantic as having Ron over at her apartment, snuggled up next to her.


 


 Desirée hadn’t had an enormous amount of lovers, only three. One in high school, two in college. It was perfectly reasonable in her opinion. She and Ron had started dating soon after graduating, and now that Desirée felt more like an official adult, she had more serious relationship goals on her mind. Months after the mask shop date, she still was perfectly happy with Ron, and could see herself with him for the rest of her life. Palazzo Pelpepe wasn’t very big, but there was probably enough space for Ron to live with her comfortably. Desirée DeLite, she thought. What a great concept!


 


 Granted, her parents probably wouldn’t be too fond of Ron. Her parents weren’t too happy with the prospect of her dating anyone, and even someone as sweet and innocent as him couldn’t match their standards. She peeked a glance at his red cinnamon buns messily covering his eyes and flinched. He has red hair. Just like two of my grandparents, and that didn’t end well. And he’s not a family friend, so he’s not an “approved companion”. I don’t need their approval, but it would still be nice for when Ronnie starts asking about my family. 


 


 She was set to meet Ron’s family that day. One of his little sisters turned ten years old that day, and his parents were delighted (no pun intended) to hear that Ron had found a “special someone”. Desirée wanted to do her best to impress, but she wasn’t too worried. Ron’s parents sounded great, save for a few anecdotes about Ron’s mother, and his little sisters sounded even better. 


 


 She decided to stay in bed, half-dozing, waiting for Ron to wake up. She didn’t want him to think that she had abandoned him, after all.


 


 


“No fair! Ron, tell your girlfriend to stop beating me at Mario Kart! It’s my birthday!” Joy protested.

 


 “Too bad. I play to win,” Desirée teased. 


 


 “But Ron always lets me win!”


 


 “Ron doesn’t let you win, he’s just bad at Mario Kart,” said Ron’s other sister, Mary. Unlike Joy, she was a teenager, and thought she was wise in the ways of the world. “Desirée, I don’t know why someone as badass as you would date someone like Ron, but you do you,