over your cheek, into your facial vent - but you can't stop crying, and your chest rattles as you sob, and Frisk is there, someone is actually there for you. 

You don't know how to handle this. 

Frisk rubs their thumb in circles on your knee, before telling you again that they are there for you, that they care. That they want to listen.  

You blubber on, taking in their words of affection and nodding, continuous doubt that anyone has ever really cared filled, dates for the time being on this moment of pure emotion. Someone actually cares. Frisk cares. You pull them into a tight hug, probably uncomfortable for their fleshy body but you don't stop to think about that, mind too filled with wondering what you could possibly say first, how you could possibly start. Still so amazed that someone would want to hear this at all. 

It takes you several minutes to settle down enough to speak, and then several more to decide how it is you want to start. You decide on the beginning, on the first time you felt so much less than everyone else - and you are hit by the realization of just how long this has been going on, just how long you’ve been needing help that you’ve been too scared to ask for. 

The words flow quickly, a wild river broken free from its damn. Its simple things, at first - being too scared to say your opinions, too worried about hurting other people to tell them that they were hurting you. You told Frisk the way you would quiver and shake at the first sign of conflict, about how you would feel absolutely worthless whenever Blooky was upset, because if you couldn’t help someone feel better then why did you even exist? 

You tell them about your emotional permanence, about how you completely forget what it’s like to feel anything except what you’re feeling in the moment. About how any moment of sadness is a lifetime of sadness. You pause and look down, chewing on your lip.Frisk grabs your hand, and holds it tight. You look them in the eye and try with all your might to smile, but just barely manage to grimace. You rub your thumb in circles on their palm. 

“I remember, very clearly, when I first got my box body - this one was still in the works, then - I felt...Well, I felt real happiness for the first time in awhile. I felt like everything was falling into place, y’know? I thought, ‘This is it. This is the turning point. This is where things get better.’ I had spent so much time relying on this one thing, this one point in my life being my ‘get better’ point, being the start of me being happy.

“But they didn’t get better. That night i collapsed in my room and i felt the weight of the world crushing me. ‘I abandoned my cousin!’, I thought. ‘I’m absolutely horrible!’, I thought. I kept thinking about how bad I was and wondering why it didn’t all get better, why I wasn’t feeling better,” You stop and take a shaky breath. “And i felt so much worse than i did before, knowing there wasn’t this end-all goal in front of me. I felt so horrible that I started shutting it out, feeling an empty void inside of me, empty of emotions except for the occasional horrible feeling.”

You look away from Frisk. You’re crying again, you can feel it, but you don’t open your eyes. You hesitate, unsure if you really want to tell them what you’re about to say. You feel like a burden again - you’re just upsetting them, some part of you says - they don’t need to know this. 

But you’ve already started. You’ve got to tell them.

“I had to do...something. I couldn’t handle it anymore. I knew that this whole ‘having a body’ thing meant that I was fragile, breakable in a way i never was before. Ghosts can’t die, you know...But robots? Robots can die. So i went up to the roof of the lab, and I...and I…” You take a deep breath. 

“And I drove right off. I tried to kill myself, right then and there.” Frisk gasps, pressing a hand over their mouth. You notice for the first time that they’re crying, and you feel a pang of guilt. They squeeze your hand harder, hard enough that you can hear one of your metal joints creak. You look at them and you are silent for a moment, finally understanding the depth of how much they care for you. They really love you. 

“Oh, Come here, you.” You murmur, pulling Frisk onto your lap. You extend your arms and curl them around Frisk, squeezing them tight. The two of you sit there for a few silent minutes, crying softly