their hands. She tunes in halfway to what she thinks is going to be some rubbish about drinking and driving but-

 

 “Ma’am was your son close to Louis Tomlinson?” The stone face policeman asks, his badge reads the new Lewitt. Anne blinks, she can see Jay shaking her head now rapidly at what the police are telling her and Anne is wondering if it’s really that bad- if her son and his boyfriend have gotten in that much trouble.

 

 “Yes, they’re- they’re romantically involved, why?” Anne asks distractedly. Lewitt takes a step closer to Anne, his grey eyes locked on her own soft brown ones.

 

 “Ma’am do you know what your son was doing today, at about half past 11? Do you know he met up with Louis Tomlinson at Montgomery Park?” He’s picking up speed now and Anne notices Jay is holding a shaking hand to her mouth as the policemen continue to talk. Anne has half a mind to push her way to Jay and try to comfort her because really- it’s Lou and Haz, whats’s the worst that could happen?

 

 “Are you aware that at forty past eleven tonight, your son was found with a gun in his hand?”

 

 Anne feels her neck snap as she turns to look back at Lewitt in absolute shock

 

 “What? What did you just say?” She asks faintly, feeling like she might be sick. She can hear Jay sobbing now, loud and hysterical enough to wake the whole street and what did Louis and Harry do?

 

 “Ma’am. Mr Styles was found with a handgun in his hand, at the scene of the crime.”

 

 “What- what crime? What are you talking about? I don’t understand”

 

 “Your son is currently being held by the authorities under the suspicion of first degree murder of one Louis James Tomlinson”

 

 Anne feels like she can’t breathe. She can’t speak, or form thoughts and she can’t even ask anything else because- murder? Louis? Harry wouldn’t… He couldn’t have.
Anne looks back at Jay who has collapsed on the porch now, on her knee’s, her entire body shaking with her sobs and Anne feels sick to her stomach, because yes, her son might be under arrest and accused of murdering his boyfriend- but at least she still had a healthy son who would live to see another day.

Unfortunately that was quite possibly something Jay Tomlinson would never have again.

“I don’t understand” 

“Of course you don’t, you’re a baby” Louis says this patronizingly and Harry feels his cheeks heat up,

“I’m not!” he shouts hotly and Louis is smirking now.

“Really? Then how do you make yourself feel happy, Curly?” Louis asks. Harry bites down on his plump, pink bottom lip, feeling scared on how to answer.

“My mumma usually gives me hugs or buys me ice cream…” Harry trailed off, looking at his feet. Louis seems to take pity on the boy and sighs.



Fifteen Years Previously:



Harry was reluctant about seeing the silly soccer playing, caramel coloured hair boy next door again. But unfortunately his mumma had become good friends with Jay- Boo Bears mummy.

Harry was dragged along to evening tea over at theirs, Anne even dressing him suitably and brushing through his small yet springy curls. Harry enterws the quaint house, which smelled slightly and he could hear a baby screaming it’s head off upstairs and then Jay was rushing towards them, pearly whites showing as she hugged Harry’s mummy and pinched Harry’s cheek and usually Harry hates that but Jay looks so nice and mummy like, and she offers him a cookie, so he decides that she could possibly be alright.

“Lou-ee’s in his room if you wanted to play with him?” Jay questions Harry as they sit down. Harry jumps up at the suggestion because yes Lou-ee is mean and makes Harry sad but he doesn’t want to sit around and listen to boring grown up talk. After listening intently to Jay’s instructions as to where Lou’s room is (down the hall and second door to the not right), Harry is dashing over, suddenly feeling nervous as he approaches the closed door that has soccer ball drawings all over it and the name Louis hanging lopsided.

Harry frowns. What a strange way to spell a name. Harry isn’t sure he knows how to pronounce it anymore, he’s pretty sure it’s meant to be like ‘lewis’ but he doesn’t bother thinking too much as he slowly pushes the door open. He can hear the mattress of the bed springing and small little sighs and grunts from the bed. Harry feels his eyebrows knit together in confusion as he closes the door behind him a bit more loudly then intended. Louis’ head pops up from under his bunk bed covers and he looks murderous,

“You again” Louis groans, rolling over on his back, reaching to grab some tissues from his spiderman nightstand