coming with."

 

Dean shook Michael's hand, "Good to meet you, Michael."

 

"You as well, Dean. Take care of him." With that he walked away, not looking back to see Castiel's screwed up expression.

 

"Did he just-"

 

"He knew, yeah." Dean laughed, "He talked to me while you were swimming."

 

Cas scratched the back of his head, "Oh... how did he... did you tell him?"

 

"No, he figured it out. Doesn't really matter how, he knows." He wrapped an arm around Cas' shoulders and kissed his cheek, "Shower? I smell like fish."

 

"Yeah," Castiel smiled, "I do too. What did Michael say anyway?"

 

"Just a big brother warning, 'I'll slit your throat if you hurt him' kind of stuff."

 

"Sounds tame for Michael."

 

"That's comforting."

 

 

October 31st was a Thursday night and it was filled with excitement. Jo had been planning a big party and everyone she knew was invited, and everyone they knew was invited, and so on and so forth until they managed to fill the community center's hall with people. She got everyone to pitch in and they rented the place out, it was almost completely decorated and Dean couldn't believe he was on top of the scaffolding hanging the last of the plastic skeletons. He looked down at the floor almost two stories below him and shook his head, there was so much black and orange glitter around that he could see it sparkle from there.

 

"Doing enough glittering, Cas?" He called down playfully.

 

"Never!" Castiel shouted and flung a handful of glitter around himself as he spun in a circle.

 

Jet waved his hands and coughed, "Dude come on! I'm right here!"

 

"Oh please, don't pretend you don't like it." Cas teased, flicking a bit more Jet's way.

 

"Come on guys, we got a few hours before the party starts!" Jo clapped excitedly, "Who needs time to get in costume?"

 

"Depends," Jet chuckled, "Are you doing a slut costume or an actual costume?"

 

"Hey, whoa!" Cas pointed at him, "There is nothing wrong with dressing sexy, no slut-shaming, you giant douche!"

 

Jet raised his hands, "Okay, okay, chill out man, I'm sorry."

 

"Yeah you better be." Jo laughed, "God I love Cas, where have you been all my life?"

 

"Singing in a cafe like a caged bird." Castiel called in a singsong kind of way. Dean just smiled as he climbed down from the scaffolding, his legs shaking a little from the height.

 

"Don't fall Winchester!" Benny shouted up at him from the base of his makeshift ladder, shaking it a little.

 

"Benny I swear to God I will pulverize you if you knock this over!"

 

"Eheheh yeah right, I'm sure you will."

 

"Seriously though guys, very well done." Jo beamed, "And a special thanks to Cas for getting the extra help." She looked over and waved at Charlie and Garth who were more than pleased with themselves.

 

"No problem, they were eager to help." Cas gave them a thumb's up and earned double that in return, both Charlie and Garth giving him two thumbs up right back.

 

Everyone had a special job to do and all in all the center looked spectacular. It was kind of creepy but still had that party feel. "Okay let's get this show on the road, see you guys in a few hours, gotta get my make-up on." Jet waved and trotted out the door, "C'mon Benny, we got some grafting to do!"

 

"I'm coming." Benny chuckled and waved to Dean, "You got a costume too?"

 

Dean shrugged, "You guys are going to the apartment right? I'll meet up with you in a few."

 

"Alright, later man."

 

Jo clapped her hands, "Okay, Charlie, you said that you and Anna have an awesome kit for this kind of thing right? Like make-up and costume supplies?"

 

"Oh yeah, we're loaded." Charlie waved her hand like what Jo was asking was so commonplace she may as well have been referencing breathing.

 

"Sweet, let's head back to your place and get set up." Jo looked at Cas and Garth, "See you two tonight!"

 

"Later!" Garth called after the girls, hopping down from his ladder and clapping his hands together like a job well done. "Alrighty, what do we do?"

 

"Well I need to get home to put on my own costume," Cas shrugged, "Dean think you could drop me off? You drove right?"

 

"Yeah of course," Dean smiled, "You know you could-"

 

"Cas!" Charlie shouted into the hall again, "Castiel Novak don't you dare skimp on this, you're coming with us!