every time he had to change his left foot’s position. Slowly and painfully, Dean climbed the wall, getting closer and closer to the breach.
He felt his left arm giving up, but he wasn’t going to let it happen this time. He knew he wouldn’t have been able to climb that wall anymore, if he had fallen. He didn’t have enough strength left and the pain had left him too dizzy. That was Dean’s last chance.

One more jump and his foot missed the spot. He found himself hanging with his arm threatening to tear off – or at least that was how painful that felt. He had to resort to use his damaged leg to avoid sliding down. As soon as his body weight was resting on the leg, he thought he would have passed out.

‘Just a little further,’ he coaxed, desperate for his body to collaborate.

And suddenly he was there. One last pull and he was finally in line with the small breach. He rested a few seconds to catch his breath, waiting for the dark spots in front of his eyes to disappear.

“Sam!”

He pointed the light to the other side of the wall. The gap was too small and too close to the ceiling for Dean to have a good look. He froze when the beam illuminated a dark crumpled mass on the floor, but realised with relief that he was looking at the dead Wendigo.

Sam must have been very close to the wall – Dean felt dizziness overtaking him, thinking of his brother missing the cave in by less than an inch. He pressed his head against the ceiling to get a better vertical visual. Moving the light beam back and forward, he scanned the floor, until he finally recognised two familiar feet.

“Sammy, please!”

The feet remained unmoving.

“Hey, I’m here! Let’s get out of this stinky hole. What do you think, uh?”

Finally, a small movement placed the feet into a better angle, enough to let Dean see what looked like blood stains on Sam’s shoes... and legs. Sam moved again, a broken sob echoes in the small space and Dean felt his heart clench.

“Jeez, Sammy...”

And suddenly the tunnel filled with a scream that drained all the blood from Dean’s veins.

***

Sam knew he was not supposed to use his gun in the mine, but he didn’t care. He held it tight while he run down the pitch black tunnel, chasing the thing that was chasing Dean. The thing that was supposed to be a Wendigo, but turned up to be much more terrifying.

There was no sound except from his heavy breathing and his heart pulsing in his ears, fast. The air was damp and freezing, but sweat was streaming down his neck and back.

Dean! He screamed, but no sound came out.

“Sam!” was the voice that echoed instead. For some reason, it sounded like it was coming from above. But there was nothing above him, just cold, darkness and emptiness.

“Sammy, please!”

Sam ran faster toward the voice, screaming Dean’s name into his mind, hoping he could hear him somehow, and know that his brother was coming. He didn’t leave him. He was there to help him; to save him from the Hellhound.

Dean’s voice rose again, louder and more desperate, cutting directly into Sam’s soul so painfully he was crying.

Then he saw a light. It was moving, shaking slightly. He run closer to its source and he found himself suddenly invested by it. Sam squinted as soon as the light cut into his eyes like a blade, threatening to split his skull in two. When he managed to open them again, he saw red. A huge pool was spread on the floor. The walls and the ceiling were covered in it. The coppery smell was nauseating. The blood was everywhere, soaking his clothes, his face and his hands. In the middle of the pool lied something that once had a human form, something that once was his brother.

“NOOOOOO!” This time the scream resounded all around, broken by sobs and painful moans.

“Sam? It’s alright, little brother. It’s alright.”

That voice, so sweet and reassuring, was the voice of a dead. Dean’s ghost must have been there with him, reminding Sam of his biggest failure.

“Dean, I’m so sorry. I’m sorry...”

Each sob sent a web of agonizing pain from his chest to every inch of his body, but he couldn’t stop.

“Your blood... is on my hands. It’s all my fault. All this blood... it’s everywhere...”

“What are you talking about?” Dean’s voice sounded so frail and worried, very different from that of the ghosts they were used to. “Sammy... please, stop. It’s not real. You’re hallucinating, c’mon. It’s okay.”

“But... the