's a virus, but it's unlike any known virus.  In someways it resembles Dengue fever, which explains why his fever is so high and could explain the vomiting, but analysis of the blood samples your AI provided us with show that the DNA of this virus varies from the viruses that cause Dengue fever in many ways," Dr. Wertz informed.

"What does that mean?" Tony asked nervously.

"It means, we don't have a lot to go on.  For now we treat the symptoms and hope for a breakthrough.  On the one hand, like I said, there are similarities, even genetically, to the virus that causes Dengue fever.  Dengue fever is rarely ever fatal.  Which is good news.  However, given the fact that the virus appears to be engineered, I doubt that someone would go through all that trouble to create a virus that can withstand gamma radiation just to cause vomiting, fever and muscle aches.  I can't prove it yet, but I think there were more sinister intentions behind the creation of the virus than we are aware of right now," the doctor replied.

"What about the seizure?  What caused that?" 

"Best we can tell, the seizure was caused by the high fever, severe dehydration, or a combination of the two.  We've been working to lower Dr. Banner's fever with marginal success, and we started him on IV fluids to help combat the dehydration."

Tony nodded numbly.  It wasn't much, and they were basically telling him that they were just doing damage control, but it was better than nothing.

"Can I see him?"

"Yes, but try to keep your visit short.  He needs to rest."

Tony nodded and made his way into the Hulk room.  Bruce was propped up in the bed, looking absolutely exhausted.  He turned his head to look at Tony, and even that small movement seemed to take a lot of effort.

"How are you feeling?" he asked gently as he sat on the edge of the bed.

"Not too bad," Bruce lied.

"You're a terrible liar," Tony said with a forced smile.

"Would you feel better if I said I feel like shit?" his husband returned with a weary snarkiness.

"I'd at least know you were being honest," he answered.

"How are the kids?" Bruce asked, seemingly eager to change the subject.

"They're doing alright.  They made you these," he said handing him the pile of paper.

Bruce looked through the collection of drawings, all of which declared "Get Well Daddy" and then had the name of the drawer written below, and smiled weakly.

"Tell them I said thank you," he replied sadly.  "And that I'm sorry that I have to miss family outing day."


Shit!  It's supposed to be family outing day.  I forgot!  


Bruce has been sick for thirty hours and can barely move, and he's worried about missing time with the kids.  He looks like he can barely stay awake, but he remembered what today was, unlike me.  I forgot that it's family outing day, even though we've been doing this ever Saturday for almost three years! Tony mentally scolded himself.

"I will," Tony said shortly, trying to hide what he was thinking.

"Tony, what's wrong?" Bruce asked; showing that clearly Tony had failed in his attempt to hide his thoughts.

"Nothing," he dismissed.

Bruce leveled him with a look that showed that he didn't believe a word that Tony was saying.  Although his meaning was clearly communicated, the gaze was significantly less effective due to the sickly, dark circles around his eyes and the pallor of his face, which drew Tony's attention away from the dubious look in his eyes.

"You look like you need some sleep," he said before Bruce could press the matter further.  "You need to get better, and soon.  We're lost without you."

Tony said the last part as if it were a joke, but he truly meant it, more than he wanted Bruce to know at the moment, (because it would only worry him).  

He stood and leaned close to wrap his husband in a gentle hug.

"I love you.  Get some rest," he whispered into his ear.

"I love you, too," Bruce whispered back.

Tony kissed his cheek and then backed out of the room.  He wanted to stay, but Bruce looked so tired.  Besides, he had things he needed to do.

Tony walked out past the SHIELD workers who promised to keep him updated, and made his way to the elevator.  He strolled into the car and then hesitated.  Part of him wanted to make his way to his workshop and try to figure out what exactly was going on with this engineered virus, but Steve probably hadn't meant to sign on for half a day or more worth of baby-sitting.  Besides, it was supposed to be family outing day.  Hiding in his workshop most of the