be some big shots from other companies at the meeting as well.

The first place his eyes went to was the couch. A snoring lump hidden underneath a light blue blanket was visible in the early morning light peeking through the windows, and Levi smiled a bit before heading to the kitchen to make himself a quick breakfast and write Eren a quick note to leave on the fridge.

A glass of milk and a peanut butter sandwich later, Levi grabbed his keys, making sure he had his phone and wallet as well before grabbing his travel mug of hot tea. On his way to the door, he paused beside the couch to gently tug the blanket down from Eren’s head.

Underneath it was a heavily sleeping Eren. His face was relaxed with sleep, and even though he was snoring softly and drooling, the sight still managed to make Levi’s heart do a little jump.

“Disgusting, brat,” he muttered affectionately, and he brought his hand up to smooth Eren’s bed head hair back from his face. Eren didn’t stir.

Levi pulled his hand away and headed out for the day.

The meeting was a real bore for something held first thing in the morning. It lasted four hours, and it dragged on as long as any office meeting did. Levi answered two questions about finances, and that was it.

After the meeting, Hange caught up with him and asked him when they were going to hang out again. Levi hadn’t really thought about it, but he shrugged and sighed.

“Soon, Hange.”

Hange smiled and nodded, this time remembering to hold her glasses in place on the top of her head. “Good! I would love to talk to Eren more, you’ll definitely have to bring him too. Hey, have you guys done the do yet?”

“Have we what?” Levi incredulously, looking over at her with a slightly disgusted expression. “Have we done the do? Seriously, Hange?”

“Well you wouldn’t want me to ask out loud if you guys have screwed like bunnies yet in the middle of the office!”

“You just did, you four-eyed shit. Thank god no one is around to hear your dumbass--”

“I heard it.” Erwin’s hand landed on Levi’s shoulder and he grinned a bit, leaning over between the two of them, looking down at Levi. “So, have you guys done it?”

“What are we, in fucking middle school? No, we haven’t done anything, he’s practically a minor,” Levi growled, shrugging Erwin’s hand off half-heartedly. “Besides, I’m not interested in brats.”

That was a lie if Levi himself had ever heard one.

“Wasn’t Petra younger than you by like five, six years or something?” Hange asked thoughtfully. “I think you like chasing younger booty. Besides, he’s nineteen, not sixteen, Levi!”

“Oh, jesus christ. I’m done. With the both of you, I’m just fucking done,” Levi snapped as Erwin chuckled and patted Levi’s back and Hange giggled. Levi noted that a week ago, he would have told Hange to shut her stupid mouth about Petra, but it didn’t hurt this time.

“Sorry, sorry Levi. You just seem a lot happier lately,” Hange said before saluting him. “Well, gotta go! Give Eren a sweet kiss for me, would you?”

“We haven’t kissed either!” Levi called after her. He only received a happy laugh in response before she turned the corner at the end of the vacant hall.

Erwin shook his head, then handed over a folder. Levi took it and sighed, looking up at Erwin. The taller man stared down at him for a moment before chuckling.

“I already knew.”

“Knew what?” Levi asked defensively, and Erwin only smiled.

“I know already what you look like when you’ve fallen for someone, Levi, or have you forgotten? I’m just happy that you’re happy.” With that, he walked away with a small wave. Levi watched him leave until he was left alone, then he sighed again and looked down at the manila folder in his hands.

The approval of his friends wasn’t what Levi was looking for. He was still waiting on the okay for the first move from Eren himself.

Maybe Eren wasn’t interested at all, and Levi was getting his hopes up for nothing.

With a defeated frown, Levi made his way to his office to get started on at least some work before heading home later this afternoon.

Instead of working though, he found himself on Facebook, scrolling down Eren’s wall. Two days ago, Eren had used his laptop to hack Levi’s Facebook profile that he had forgotten to log out of and stealthily added himself as a friend. He demanded that they take a picture together, but Levi outright refused. He hated pictures, especially selfies.

Instead, there were tons of pictures that Eren had uploaded yesterday