things your body does automatically to keep you safe. Take more distance off the object than the normal if the occurrences of these are frequent.

 

.

His head is full of numbers and feelings and those two never match, yet Iwaizumi tries.

.

Until the numbers don’t match anymore;

Until Oikawa puts his hand above his, making it seem like one;

Until he forgets how to count when Oikawa looks directly into his eyes;

Until he finds that Oikawa and Iwaizumi heartbeats knock on their chest at the same time;

Until he realizes distance doesn’t work because the danger it’s inside him, the threat is these feelings. 

 


.



.



.


 

How long it takes to fall in love?  It takes exactly 0, 5 seconds.  In that time the brain releases the chemicals, producing said effect.  

For Iwaizumi, it took even less.

 



“A supermassive black hole is thought to lie at the center of these ancient galaxies. These gluttonous giants consume gas and dust, and may play a role in the slower growth of elliptical galaxies.”



 

Another tiny star falls on his face as he lays on Oikawa’s bed. It’s been a couple of months ago since the first one had fallen. The plastic sticking them to the ceiling started to fail in his purpose, creating blank spaces that slowly became bigger and bigger.

Iwaizumi keeps every single one he can find.

He stares above, at the galaxy starting to break apart. Most of the stars don’t shine anymore, yet hope floods his chest as he watches a few of them glowing softly. They are almost unnoticed, but they are there. And for Iwaizumi, that matter more than he is willing to accept.

He remembers being afraid of Oikawa’s weird obsession product, yet he can now admit his fear didn’t start due to its size. Rather, Iwaizumi was afraid of what they meant.

And right now, as star after star falls in front of him he knows he has to do something about it.

Oikawa is too focused on his computer to notice Iwaizumi coming closer. His baggy-eyed gaze is frantic analyzing every movement in the video, lips bitten raw; he covers the scratches of his knees wrapping his arms around it, leaving at sight hands full of calluses. Iwaizumi takes notice of every scratch and callus that wasn’t there before.

He can’t help but always take notice of Oikawa.

“You need to buy new ones.”

Oikawa barely glances as Iwaizumi puts the star in front of him. He takes a deep breath and repeats once again.

“New ones.”

“I heard the first time.” The tone is cold, monotone. Losing the fake cheeriness he uses to color it with other people. He doesn’t do that with Iwaizumi, yet he doesn’t know if he would prefer it instead of this robotic and emotionless voice.

“So answer me.”

He watches Oikawa move enough to let a sigh leave his lips, demolishing the rigid position he was in. He pauses the video and looks at Iwaizumi with clearly exasperation.

“They are useless. And I will be as useless in the next match if you don’t let me watch this.”

As soon as he finishes the phrase, he reproduces it and takes the headphones sitting on the table to completely ignore the other person in the room.

“Fuck you, Oikawa.” Iwaizumi returns as an answer with vague hope of waking up something inside Oikawa, of being the one to help him get over this situation.

When nothing happens, he leaves the room; fear accompanying his heavy heart.

He won’t give up.

 


.



.



.


 

“Invensible.” Oikawa says later.

They are.

 



“
This isn’t a chapter ripped from science fiction – it’s a real, scientific prediction. We can’t stop it.”



 

“Why did you let me put so many, Iwa-chan?”

“Shut up. Don’t try to blame this on me. This is all on you and your shitty kid obsession.”

They are on the floor, plastic stars filling the rest of what they don’t occupy of it. Oikawa is playing with one, sticking it to his nose and ignoring the whole amount of others that are left to take off.

Iwaizumi is starting to get up when a hand comes too closer to his face. Expecting a slap he closes his eyes on instinct, only to feel a soft touch on his cheek. When he open his eyes, he sees Oikawa’s face clear of any star and knows what is the strange object glued to his skin.

“Cute.” Oikawa whispers, gentle. Iwaizumi was about to glare but when he takes notice of how delicate the situation is he just stares at him. Oikawa’s eyes are on his lips, cheeks painted peach. He acts on impulse when he licks his lips expectant of something; of something to change. Nervous feelings in the pit of his stomach, slowly extending to the rest of his body.

He stars to follow Oikawa’s eyes once again, as if they were the path built decades ago for him to walk on.