He squirmed, chest rising and falling swiftly under Stiles fingers that seemed to be everywhere. Raking nails up his sides, rough thumb pads circling his nipples only to catch them with the aid of forefingers. Slow teasing squeezes and rough tugs sent sharp sweet aches of pleasure down his spine and up to the tip of his cock. He was hard, when had that happened?

"Sorry Derek…I know I should like..take my time but..but I can’t..sorry." Stiles was talking, babbling against his throat and Derek would have replied, wanted to reply but couldn’t. Not when swallowing to speak made his Adam’s apple bob and brought a flush of pain from the mark that was slowly fading. It robbed him of the ability to speak, leaving him with grasping hands and low whines that Stiles seemed to understand better then words anyways.

Stiles watched his mark fade, as if being sucked into Derek’s skin and he liked that idea. That his marks were under the surface now, forever. drawn into Derek to where the man needed them the most. Before he could continue waxing poetic, his trapped erection reminded him that he had the patience of a teen and that it would be really great to hurry the hell up.

Scrambling for his discarded jacket, he pulled out a condom and a small half empty tube. Those were set carefully beside Derek’s head so he wouldn’t lose them and he grinned down at the older man. Derek looked….there was not a word for it. He was used to surly, brooding. Dangerous and growly. Not..this. This was…old Derek. The beta Derek. The one that never wanted to be alpha, never wanted to be anything but Derek. The Derek that had been silently calling out to Stiles for weeks now and he kissed apologies into Derek’s skin while stripping out of his pajamas.

‘Sorry I’m deaf’ was kissed across collarbones. ‘Sorry I took so long’ was left with a sucking kiss to a dusky nipple. An ‘I’m here now’ was offered in slow wet kisses down over Derek’s abs along with ‘I know what you need’. He’d lost his own clothes, tossed them somewhere and he could only yank Derek’s shorts down and off one leg.

He was sure they were still around Derek’s ankle but he swiftly forgot about them when Derek rolled over. Without Stiles needing to ask for it. It was exactly what they both needed. Derek agreeing, letting go and trusting himself to Stiles and Stiles draped himself over Derek’s back to kiss his broad shoulders.

"You were never meant to be an alpha. You’re a good alpha now, but deep down…you never wanted it. Took me forever to figure it out! You’re a born beta, right Derek?" He said, hands sliding down Derek’s flanks. “And beta’s…submit. You want to submit Derek, have someone else be in charge for once. So you don’t have to." It was so obvious now that Stiles wondered how the hell he had missed it for so long. He supposed it didn’t matter, he knew now and he was going to make sure he did a good job.

That meant peeling himself from Derek’s back and reaching for the lube and condom. Just put the condom on and then..one step at a time Stiles, one step at a time.

Derek looked over his shoulder, shifting onto his knees with his arms around a pillow. Stiles was nervous, he could tell the human was. Even if he couldn’t hear it in his heartbeat, smell it coming off him under the must of lust and desire. He’d be able to see it in the way Stiles deft fingers fumbled a little with the condom before he managed to roll it on. That made it…better. Stiles was just as nervous as he was, as unsure. Derek settled down, breathing heavily into his pillow at the first touch of cool slick fingers.

A mumbled apology was followed with a brief puff of warm air that did nothing to warm the lube before a finger pressed inside. He fought the urge to clench, to squirm away. Found the alpha wolf that wanted to bare it’s fangs. He wasn’t an alpha right now. He was just Derek. Plain, simple Derek that really…really wanted Stiles to hurry up and fuck him.

One finger soon turned to two and the stretch had Derek clenching despite his best efforts. Over the pounding of hearts, he could hear Stiles murmuring encouragements and praise, words tumbling over each other and not really making sense but he took them anyways. Two turned into three and Derek was biting the pillow to keep still. His cock hung between tense thighs, a drop of slick fluids adorning the flushed crown. It fell to the bedsheets when Stiles crooked his fingers just so and fire raced up his spine.

Tongue flicking over dry lips that stretched into a smile, Stiles watched as Derek snarled out