to notice me for so long, and now that you do I don’t know how to feel. I kept my emotions tamped down because I never thought…” she looked to the bulge her ring made in her glove, the proof of a dream fulfilled she thought would never come true.

            “I guess we both have lot of changes to get used to,” she finished.

 

           

            The fact that they were both safe was still settling, and she felt a need to kiss her fiancé- to make it real. She wrapped her arms around his neck and stood on her toes to reach his lips, at the same time Varrick leaned down to reach hers- and with a sharp click their mouths collided. Varrick yanked his head back from the sting, and Zhu Li cringed at the ringing pain in her front teeth.

 

            Then she laughed. It was quiet and nasal, but it was the most beautiful laugh he’d ever heard because it’d come from Zhu Li.

            “Do that again!”

            “…bang our teeth together?”

            “No, laugh! I’ve never heard you laugh before!”

            “Varrick, my laugh is awful, why would you want to hear it?”

            “Bullshit, your laugh’s great! You should laugh more!”

            “I don’t really like my laugh.”

            Varrick was ready to argue the point, but before he could reply another shot from the spirit cannon blasted through the skyline, leveling an entire row of buildings

            “Varrick, we need to get to cover.”

 

            On the other side of Varrick’s rubble pile was a building with minimal outer damage, though part of the roof had fallen away. It was the exact sort of building Kuvira would ignore- too tall to walk over without risking the giant losing its balance, too short to lift and throw easily.

            “There, that looks perfect! Zhu Li, do the thing.” She raised an eyebrow.
            ”Zhu Li, will you help me do the thing?”

            She gave a nod and a peck to his cheek that gave him the beaming grin of success, and then they set out to find a way through the debris, hand-in-hand.

 

            Once a clear path was found, together they entered what looked to have been a bustling tea shop. The smell of jasmine still filled the air.

            Now most of the tables had been broken or overturned, and in one corner the roof had been shot off by the edge of the spirit beam, leaving a section open to the sky. Sunlight shone through the fractured roof, casting most of the room in shadow. Near the door a pair of chairs had survived, that were quickly set upright and placed opposite each other over a three-legged table. Zhu Li pulled his chair out for him before seating herself- a force of habit that he either didn’t notice or didn’t acknowledge.

 

            “Crying shame, this was one of the best tea shops in Republic City! I invented the Varri-tea right here!”

            “Varri-tea?” she would have remembered if Varrick had invented a tea- doubtless he would have made her brew it for him every morning.

            “That was just before you became my assistant! I had just arrived at Republic City, and a prospective business partner brought me here. I came up with a new brew on the spot, knew it would become a huge hit!” he waved his hands around, gesturing to parts of the room as if he could reconstruct the tea shop as it had been that day.

 

            “Of course my assistant didn’t agree, ran straight for the bathroom after one sip in fact! I asked him to try a second batch and he quit on the spot. Good thing too or else I wouldn’t have hired you! So it all worked out for the best.”

 

            Zhu Li saw an opportunity to confront what had festered in the back of her mind since her return. Varrick had never really apologized for his treatment of her, and she didn’t intend to step one foot down the aisle until he had.

 

            “Varrick, did you ever wonder why he quit?”
            “Didn’t know a good thing when it came his way!”

            “Could it have been that, after he had one batch that made him ill, the first thing you did was try to make him try it again? Did you even apologize for what it did to him?”

            “Come to think of it, I don’t think I ever did.”

 

            She hadn’t thought so. It was no wonder so many assistants had come and gone before her- Varrick was a brilliant inventor and schemer, but had never understood how to properly clean up his own mistakes. That had always fallen to her to sort out.

            “Varrick,” her stern voice- a shade more urgent than her normal monotone- got his attention immediately.

 

            “I said I didn’t mean any of those things I said to Kuvira, and it’s true that I missed you and thought of you every day. When I thought you had died, I felt so lost. But the truth is, the reason