knows neither of them will ever say it. That was their big downfall, he thinks. He wanted too much. God, Zayn wanted everything. He wanted Liam to hand him his whole body, his whole mind, his whole soul, and let Zayn have his way with it. Zayn would have treated it so carefully. Liam would have been his god.

“Liam, can I ask you a question?”

*

“Liam, can I ask you, a , fuck, shit, hold, wait wait wait, I just-“

“What,” Liam spits out, licks a stripe up the side of Zayn’s neck, smiles when Zayn lets out an embarrassing shudder. “What would you have to say right now,” Liam says in between gasps for breath.

Liam has got his leg slotted in between Zayn’s, teasing, testing, and Zayn in on the edge.

“Liam, if you make me come on my parents bed, I don’t think this relationship can happen.”

Liam giggles, bites on the collarbone, licks the red into pink. “God, babe, you’re so warm. I could make you come without even taking your pants off. You want me so bad.”

He slips his hand underneath the waistband of Zayn’s toploaders and Zayn moans without abandon.

“I’m just a fuck to you,” Zayn murmurs without even realizing it, it just slips out, and suddenly Liam’s hands are not anywhere on him and he needs them back.

“What did you say to me,” Liam says, and the voice is so full of hurt and Zayn squints his eyes like if he could shut all of this out, it won’t be real, and Liam will be touching him again.

“Liam, don’t, I didn’t mean,” Zayn says, and he’s absolutely floundering. He wants to tell Liam to stay, wants to tell him everything, but his heart is too big for this room and it would never work.

“Ok, Zayn, sure,” Liam says, his voice full of sarcasm and brittle bones and he climbs off the bed, picks up his clothes, and within a matter of a few moments, he’s gone. It feels like an hour to Zayn.

*

“Ok, Zayn, sure. Ask away.”

“Did I—fuck, I’m sorry for bringing this up, but—did I mean anything to you?”

Liam blinks and there’s no anger there, to Zayn it looks like giving up but Liam has always been the hardest to read. “You meant—eh, I, uh—you meant a lot to me, Zayn.”

a lot. Concert tickets mean a lot, a well cooked meal means a lot, clean sheets mean a lot. It’s so empty and formal and Zayn doesn’t know what he was expecting but it wasn’t a lot.

Zayn nods. “Okay, yeah, I just wanted—um, yeah, okay, so, listen, I will see you around,” and Zayn is still mumbling incoherently and turning around and wanting to walk out when Liam grabs him by the crook of his elbow and keeps him there.

“Don’t shut off on me, Zayn. Why’d you ask me?” It’s not angry, it’s so level, it’s so Liam on a bright summer day with his crinkly eyes under the sheets, it’s so Liam with an arm tracing Zayn’s lone tattoo on his forearm, it’s Liam brushing his hair out of his eyes and saying, “you’re beautiful.”

“I miss you, sometimes,” Zayn says. “Everything ended so badly, I just needed to know, that, you know? I needed to know that it wasn’t so uneven.”

Liam shakes his head. “In my teenage head, god, I don’t know what went on in there most of the time, but I know that you were in there. You were always there. I think about you a lot.”

Zayn’s eyes widen. “Really?”

Liam nods. “Me walking away isn’t the only memory I have.”

Zayn shrugs. “Me too, yeah. We had good times.”

Liam smiles, and it’s a little crinkly.

“You remember?”

*

“You remember when this plan was ruined, I told you I was going to get this to work out.”

Zayn giggles. “Liam, the only reason it didn’t work out the last time is because you failed to notice that a monsoon was predicted for the time you wanted to sleep under the stars. Seriously, who forgets to check to weather report?”

Liam playfully pushes Zayn and Zayn feels his heart rise high, high, higher, and he loves Liam. He just can’t say it out loud.

“You know, I don’t need your attitude, Zayn.” Liam smiles and unfolds the blanket. “Grab the other ends and set the jars on the corners