his mouth that Avrinne had never imagined before, even in her hot but half-formed fantasies. He licked her long and slow, flicking here and delving deep there, nibbling at her soft lips, spreading them wide with his fingers to lap inside. Avrinne's toes curled, and she pulled uselessly at the ropes, gritting her teeth, biting her lip, resisting.


"Let it out," Bull murmured again. "Let go."


He sucked hard on her clit, flicked it with his tongue. Avrinne let go, crying out at last. Her face flamed scarlet-- she could feel the heat burning in her cheeks, the shame of it as noises pulled themselves from her throat. Her own sounds frightened her. "Bull," she gasped, wishing she could reach out, wishing she could grasp him, hold him.


"Easy," he told her. "You're doing so good. I'm so proud of you, Kadan."


Something warm pooled low in the pit of her stomach, something that felt perversely like pride. I'm doing good, she repeated to herself, silently. I'm doing good. This is good.


Climax approached, like sunrise on the horizon. She could feel it just beginning to warm her from the toes up, and she trembled, waiting for it to crash over her.


Iron Bull abruptly pulled away.


There was no helping the sound of dismay that pulled itself from her throat. Bull chuckled at that, patted her side implacably. "Not yet," he told her.


"But why?"


He chuckled again. "Greedy, Kadan. You don't get to come until I tell you to."


She thrashed at that, pulling at the ropes. They held fast, not budging more than a fraction of an inch. "Bull! Please, I'm so close."


"I know." He patted her side again, soothed her with a faintly salt-tasting kiss. "But I want you to wait. When you come, it's going to be with me inside you. When you come, I want to feel it."


One of his fingers slid down to her entrance, circling it gently. Avrinne shuddered.


"I'm... I'm not sure..." She looked down, letting herself take him all in, letting her eyes go where they hadn't dared before, over the hard, nude length of him. He was big, bigger even than she'd expected, so firm and long and thick that she couldn't help but let out a little frightened sound. She bit her lip, shaking. "I'm not sure you'll fit."


"We'll start slow," he reassured. His finger slid in then, up to the first knuckle, and Avrinne hissed at the intrusion. "Easy. Just my finger. You can take it."


He bent his head again, soothing his finger's passage with more of his warm, wet tongue. Avrinne let her head fall back as she moaned. The conflict of pleasure and slight pain had ner nerves on fire, singing, pulling her taut everywhere.


He kissed her cunt the way he sometimes kissed her mouth, long and slow and sucking and wet, and she moaned again. His finger moved, in and out, slid deeper until it was all the way in. She trembled.


"Good girl," he murmured against her. "That's my good girl. Relax a little. Let go."


She tried to do as he bid her. Breathe, she advised herself. Slow. In and out. Breathe.


Bull abruptly withdrew, and Avrinne cried out at the loss. "Wha--? Where are you--?"


"Shhh." He rummaged in the pocket of his discarded pants, then returned with a little glass potion vial. "This'll help," he said as he uncorked the stopper. The smell of elfroot, high and green and bright, filled the room, with something else underneath, something warm and rich like musk or honey. Bull tilted the vial and spilled some of the liquid-- thick, Avrinne could see, pooling like syrup-- over his fingers. Then he replaced his hand.


He slid in easy this time, finger slick with the oil. Avrinne let out a startled gasp as the liquid tingled cooly inside her. It was another sensation on top of all the rest, and it made her pulse leap. "What is that?"


His smile tip-tilted. "Blend of things. Elfroot. Several different oils. Aloe. Does it feel all right?"


"It feels... Oh." Bull's finger was all the way in, pressing, moving within her, touching places she'd never even touched herself before. He did something, crooked his finger maybe, and pressed against something that made her shudder violently. "Oh!"


"Good?" He kissed her hip.


"I'm, ah, not sure." But she was fighting to keep her hips still, to not try and rock against his hand.


Bull chuckled. "Let it out,