I consider excusing myself politely, but the thought of calling out turns my breath into a wispy breeze incapable of carrying audible sound. Eying the small gap and deciding that squeezing through would be rude - not to mention highly unlikely - I opt to wait. Awkwardness prickles my skin just sharing space with the stranger obliviously responsible for the impromptu blockade, but I have infinite patience and negligible understanding of social interaction. Just the thought of ringing up my purchases at a cashier used to fill me with dread, until they put in kiosks that let you do it yourself.

With nothing better to do, I observe from as much distance as the aisle allows while the girl scrutinizes an entire wall of potato chip brands. People-watching like this became a favorite pastime of mine during the long hospital stays of my childhood; watching visitors file in one after another to see the other long-term patients had given me plenty of training in the craft, such that I could accurately read a stranger’s personality from their behavior but wouldn’t have a clue how to strike up a conversation.

This girl, I note with no effort required, has quite a thing for red and black.

Red-accented jet black lace-up boots give way to dark pantyhose and a layered black-and-red petticoat. A soot-colored hooded sweatshirt with an inner lining of deep crimson tops off the ensemble and cements the monochromatic color scheme. Her black hair is cropped short and rough, the fringes hanging in choppy, uneven lengths to her shoulders and swaying gently when she moves.

As she scans the shelves, the girl frequently glances back at a long shopping list in her hands. She paces down the aisle, stops, turns back, brushes a lock of hair out of her face as she bends to inspect a lower shelf, straightens, continues pacing, some part of her always in motion. I decide that she is a whirlwind made up entirely of small but rapid movements. Every action is deliberate and performed to its fullest with little consideration or concern for error. Although this does ultimately make her look clumsy, it also lends a certain level of sincerity and even earnestness to her manner.

At length, the girl selects three bags from the shelf and drops them on top of the lighter cart. I can only guess that the swiftly approaching new year has something to do with this excessive display of consumerism, and I idly wonder what kinds of plans might require not one, but two full shopping carts to haul the necessary supplies. Whoever she is, she must have tons of friends - or a few friends with gargantuan appetites.

“Oh, sorry! Was I in your way?”

I snap out of my thoughts to see the girl stalled in the act of moving her carts. In the space of a blink, she’s standing in front of me with the most apologetic silver eyes - Silver eyes? - and her hands up in supplication.

“I was in your way! Sorry, it’s just my friends and my sister - well, she’s really my half sister, but that’s not important - they sent me to get all this stuff for our new year party,” she holds up what looks like Santa’s entire naughty and nice list, “And Weiss said - Weiss is one of my friends, she’s usually kinda grumpy and anyway, she said, ‘Be sure to get the off brands, they taste the same but cost less,’ not that it matters to her since she’s paying for all this and her family is unbelievably rich-” The girl cuts off to take her first breath since launching into her long-winded apology. “So yeah, I was really preoccupied and didn’t notice you and like I’m really sorry… uh?”

“Penny. Penny Polendina.”

“Right, sorry Penny. I’m Ruby Rose, but you can just call me Ruby.”

I'm so disoriented by Ruby’s rapidly changing conversation topics that I can only stare dumbly at the hand she offers me. My gaze flickers back to the other girl’s silver-dollar irises, unsure of how a simple apology had turned into this. The concern is gone from Ruby’s face, only an indomitable smile in its place.

Yes, earnest was a good word choice.

“Um, this is getting awkward…” Ruby says through her grin, her hand still outstretched.

I squeak a surprised, “Oh!” and reciprocate the gesture, my mind going into overdrive. How hard should I shake hands with a stranger? I don’t want to come off as aggressive and make her think I’m angry about what just happened. But if I’m too gentle, will she think I’m still upset and haven’t accepted her apology? Panicking, I pump Ruby’s hand vigorously, expecting more resistance and overdoing the motion. When I realize this, I hastily stop and shift my shopping basket from one hand to the other to keep them occupied.

“Well, it was really nice meeting you, Penny. I, uh, I guess I better