in his eyes and his chin tilted back as John kissed him. ''You chose me?'' he whispered, voice drenched in disbelief.

John pulled back, his heart clenching at how vulnerable Sherlock looked. ''Yes. Yes, of course I chose you.''

''I-'' he didn't know what to say. ''John, are you sure? About wanting me, you have just come out of a long standing relationship and while feelings are there, you may-''

''Shut up. I chose you.'' John growled, pressing his lips on Sherlock's.

In no time, they were pulling at each other's clothing, quickly stumbling to Sherlock's room. John threw Sherlock's shirt to the kitchen floor and kept them walking backwards. Sherlock fumbled with the buttons on John's shirt, having already thrown his belt to the floor.

They fell into bed, Sherlock bringing John down on top of him. They kicked away their pants, leaving them both left in boxers. The two paused, gazing at each other truly for the first time. 

''John, I'm-''

''A virgin. Yeah.''

''Oh, you know.''

''Of course I do.'' John smiled softly down at Sherlock, then kissed his lips softly. ''I'll take care of you.''

Sherlock shivered warmly, arms reaching up to place themselves around John's neck as they sank into their first perfect night together, whispering ''I love you'' to each other.

''Eat it, Sherlock.''

''I don't want to eat it, John.''

''You are going to bloody eat it, even if it's the last bloody thing I do. I will make you eat it.''

''John'' Sherlock whined.

They sat across from each other at the kitchen table, a plate of unfinished breakfast before Sherlock. John picked up a fork and got a piece of bacon on it. 

''Sherlock, you need to build up your appetite again. Now, we are sticking to our regime. Eat''

Sherlock only frowned down at the fork. ''But, I'm so full already.''

''William Sherlock Scott Holmes! Eat your food!''

Sherlock went silent for a moment, staring at John's face. He took the fork and scowled at John. ''Fine, idiot.'' He took a bite and chewed slowly. 

John smiled and leaned across the table to kiss Sherlock's forehead. ''Well done.''

Sherlock scowled again, though his cheeks started to heat up. He swallowed and looked up to John.

''A month.''

John sat back in his chair. ''Hmm?'' He questioned. ''What?''

''Been a month since you moved back in.'' Sherlock mumbled, continuing to eat with a small frown.

John's eyes slid across Sherlock's face. Over the last month, they'd gotten used to living with each other again, now there were a few added perks, obviously. There were more things to have to go through with Mary, but that was definitely over. Mary was angry at the two of them, and John couldn't blame her. He felt a little guilty, but...Sherlock. He couldn't give up on Sherlock. It was always Sherlock. He was always going to go back to him.

''Is it really?'' John responded, tilting his chair back.

Sherlock nodded, taking a sip of his orange juice. He looked to John and smiled lightly. John started to grin and he stood, walking around behind Sherlock so he could wrap his arms around his waist. He rested his chin on Sherlock's shoulder. 

''Love me?''

''I might just.'' Sherlock responded, finding a small bit of his appetite again. ''I do.''

''Good, I love you too.'' John pecked his cheek and pulled away. ''I should start to get ready for work. 

Sherlock nodded. ''Sure,'' he swallowed a bite of his food. ''I have to go out today anyway.''

''Oh?'' John questioned, clearing away his own plate of food.

''Apparently there's been a sighting. Moriarty.'' Sherlock answered, frowning.

''You still don't believe it's him, do you?''

''He shot himself in the head, John!''

''You jumped off a building!'' John reminded him, leaning against the counter. ''I know how infuriating it must feel for you to know that you must've missed something,''-Sherlock sighed-''but, it's not like you can go back in time. Keep your options open, Sherlock.''

Sherlock was silent for a moment, then he smiled. ''Two fake suicides.''

John tsked at Sherlock. ''Yeah, you're not allowed to do that again.''

''I know.'' Sherlock answered, glancing over at John. ''Not unless it's completely necess-''

''No.'' John stopped him, looking straight into his eyes. ''Never. Again.''

''I wont live forever, John.''

''Stop it.'' John whispered, looking down at his shoes. ''Don't