the corridor before he could enter his room. The vocalist looked at him up and down and smirked upon seeing him standing still and practically naked.

“Were you waiting for me?” He joked.


Sehun groaned and rolled his eyes. “Go away.”

“Don’t you miss me?” Baekhyun inquired eagerly, stepping into his personal space.

The younger scowled, opening the door of his room, and ignored the remark – only to stop short in his track when not one but two hands grabbed his ass. He paused, ready to snap at Baekhyun when he felt the other’s breath fanning over his back, sending a shiver up his spine.

“Sehun-ah,” Baekhyun called in a singsong voice, squeezing his butt harder and tearing out a gasp out of the younger.

Sehun’s eyes widened and he held his breath, feeling caught. There was no way Baekhyun hadn’t heard that. Berating himself in his head, he didn’t dare to move, feeling betrayed by his own body’s reaction at Baekhyun’s touch.

Speaking of the vocalist, he had stilled as well, as surprised as Sehun. Tentatively, he trailed his fingers up the younger’s back, keeping his other hand firmly lodged on Sehun’s butt. Sehun closed his eyes at the soft caress and let Baekhyun explore his body without protesting. He could always pass it off as a sudden fatigue if someone asked.

Baekhyun didn’t stop at that, though, and let his hand wander towards Sehun’s shoulders and arms before enveloping the younger in a tight embrace, back-hugging him. His cheek was resting on Sehun’s shoulder blade while he linked his hands on the younger’s stomach.

“I knew that deep down you like it when I touch your butt. Don’t lie.” He whispered, his warm breath hitting Sehun’s skin.

“What if I like it?” He mumbled, embarrassed.

Baekhyun chuckled, the sound jolting his body before he placed a small kiss on his nape. When he detached himself from Sehun, the latter felt cold and pressed the urge to pull him back. He bit his lips and looked down, his conflicting emotions making him uneasy. On one hand, he shouldn’t want Baekhyun to touch him, but on the other hand, he did like it.

A tap on his ass pulled him off his thoughts and he turned his attention towards Baekhyun, who was grinning at him widely, a knowing look in his eyes.

“Do you want more?” He asked smugly, pinching Sehun’s waist.

Sehun shifted on his place, playing nervously with his towel and refused to meet Baekhyun’s gaze. He felt the latter undressing him with his eyes – not that he was wearing that much to be honest – and he shuddered. Did he want more?

Licking his lips, he hesitated before looking up. Baekhyun was still peering at him, his eyes glimmering with want and something else Sehun couldn’t pinpoint. Then, without breaking their eye-contact, the vocalist circled him and sat on Sehun’s bed.

“Come here,” Baekhyun called before licking his lips.

Sehun did, approaching hesitantly before stopping at the end of the bed. Chuckling, Baekhyun caught his wrist to pull him onto the bed with him. Not expecting it, the younger lost his footing and face-planted on the bed with a cry.

“Hyuuuuung!” He whined, embarrassed.

Baekhyun laughed at him and patted his head affectionately. “You were too slow.”

Sehun grimaced and quickly sat up, looking bashfully at Baekhyun.

“Don’t be like that, it’s only me.” Baekhyun said quietly, touching his cheek. The gesture made Sehun blush and he nodded.

“I…” he began, stuttering.

The vocalist placed a finger on his lips and he closed his mouth, not moving. “Just… relax.”

Nodding slowly, Sehun gulped. Baekhyun shifted beside him and motioned for him to lie down on his stomach. Once he was comfortably spread out on the bed, the vocalist straddled his thighs and bent over to kiss his nape once more. While one of his hands was caressing his side, the other was undoing the towel, leaving Sehun bare on his own bed. Hearing some fussing, he tried to look at Baekhyun over his shoulder, but the vocalist made a disapproving noise and pushed his head back on the pillow.

Groaning, he kept still and waited. When he felt Baekhyun’s naked skin on his thigh he let out a shudder, but didn’t move. Baekhyun placed a kiss on his tailbone as his hands roamed his back and ass, squeezing the flesh there. Sehun gasped, a shiver running through his body.

Fingers gripped his legs and forced him to spread them as Baekhyun settled in between, letting out a hoarse groan. Sehun’s breathing sped up and he grabbed the sheets, unconsciously lifting his butt towards Baekhyun. He felt Baekhyun’s hands mapping his behind and thighs, kneading them before his mouth followed the same path. Sehun would be lying if he said he