here" She instructed

"But... He's drawing me" I said quietly

"Don't move" Zayn said

"Niall, come over here" Rosary instructed

I had no idea what to do. Two different people were giving me two completely different orders

"Stay put" Zayn instructed

"I'm the adult, Niall, come here" Rosary insisted

I moved barely and inch

"I'm 18 and I'm your boyfriend" Zayn insisted as well "listen to me and stay still"

"I don't know what to do!" I cried out frustrated

"Move!" Rosasry yelled as Zayn yelled "Stay!" in sync with her

They began to glower at each other, and I stood there even more awkwardly.

"Niall, come here, or you're going home" Rosary threatened

"Move and I'll get upset with you" Zayn looked to me

"Do you want to come back here?" Rosary asked

She won. I walked towards her and watched Zayn sink

"Niall..." He said quietly

"I'm sorry" I mumbled "I want to come back here and keep seeing you"

"I was drawing you"

"I can stand there again, can't I?" I asked

"Not the same way"

"Zayn... You don't have to draw me" I said "I don't want you to draw me"

"Why not?"

"I..."

"I'll leave you two to talk then" Rosary then left

Okay, what the hell?. She never even fucking cared and now she's just made me disobey Zayn.

"I just don't like being drawn" I whispered "I don't feel comfortable standing in my boxers while you put me on a piece of paper"

He lifted up his notepad to show me what he'd done so far, and I felt my heart swell at the sketch.

He had perfectly captured me from what I could see. He'd made up a background, I was standing on a wooden floor I assume, my hair was a little messy... He'd even got the blush

"Zayn that... That's amazing"

He tore it out the book and screwed it up "It's fine, if you'd just said you didn't want me to draw you then I wouldn't have"

"I didn't want to tell you"

"Why'd you stand there for an hour and a half?" He asked

"Because you were excited..." I gave a tiny smile "you wanted to draw me and I didn't want to ruin that. You seemed so happy about getting to draw me. You admitted you liked drawing me. I didn't want to be a heckler"

"What don't you like about me drawing you, huh?" He asked softly

"It's okay if you draw my face" I said "but when you get me into my underwear I get self concious"

"But you're beautiful"

"That has nothing to do with it" I stated

"Okay" He nodded with a smile

"You're not upset?"

"I'm not upset" He said "I understand"

"Are you mad?"

"Not at all"

"Are you sure?"

"Niall, I get it" He smiled affectionately "you don't want me to draw your body. It's an intimate thing, your body is personal. I'm okay with you having respect for yourself"

He got up and helped me into my clothes.

We then headed up for dinner, and Rosary was being all nice and sweet to me, but a right bitch to Zayn as per usual.

She seemed to be dissapointed that we hadn't fought, and a little annoyed that Zayn was wearing glasses

"Why are they even on your face?" She asked

"I took your advice and wore them so I could take a better look at my little boyfriend" He stated "and you know what? I like what I see. I was right, you cow, he is beautiful"

I couldn't help but blush, and he gave me a little smile, squeezing my thigh under the table

His hand remained in place and he ate with one hand while I ate with both

"So, what do you plan to do now?" Rosary asked "since Niall doesn't want you to draw him"

"I'm probably going to fuck him up the ass" Zayn stated

I choked on my food, burning red, and he just smirked at Rosary

"Don't say stuff like that" I whispered

"I agree" Rosary sided with me, in disgust

"You're just jealous because I don't want to fuck your brains out" Zayn stated

"You're a pig"

"Niall doesnt think so, do you doll?"

"No" I said quietly

"Hate to break it to you, bitch" Zayn snapped "I don't give a shit what you think of me. I don't give a