's simply using plants in the audience to make it seem like its real. Hypnosis is just as fake as all of the other so-called magic they perform on stage."

"No, no, it's totally real. You should go up there are see for yourself," America insisted.

On stage, the emcee called for volunteers. He started to pick out people from the audience to fill the chairs on stage.

"Look, I'll prove it's not real. I'll raise my hand," England waved his hand like he wanted to volunteer, "And he won't call on me because he's just using…"

At that moment the emcee pointed at England and gestured for him to come on stage.

"What?" England asked.

The emcee pointed again and smiled. "Yes, you with the green jacket and the eyebrows. Come on up here!"

"Go! Go!" America said excitedly as he pulled England out of his chair and pushed him towards stage. England was too surprised to push back and found himself slowly making his way to the stage, wondering what on earth he was getting himself into.

The hypnotist had the ten volunteers sit down on a line of chairs on stage, with England furthest on the right. England glared at America who simply gave him a thumbs-up sign in return. England listened to the hypnotist go through his slow and boring monotony and wondered how anyone could believe in this sort of rubbish. They couldn't see real magic when it was staring them in the face, but they persisted believing in silly ideas like mesmerism and hypnotic trances. Still, it was rather relaxing to just sit in this chair and not do anything but listen to the sounds and words wash over him. Since the hypnotism was obviously not going to work, he decided to think about his proposal for the next meeting. Eventually it became too hard to think about both the proposal and listen to the words, so he gave up trying. He thought about checking his watch, but he found himself too comfortable to move. He felt surprisingly relaxed. Everything felt comfortable. His eyes started to close and his head slowly slumped forward.

After a few more minutes, the entire group of volunteers lay completely relaxed in their chairs. "Now for the fun part," said the hypnotist as he smiled at the audience. He brought the first volunteer to her feet and convinced her that she was a barking dog. She amused the audience for a minute before the hypnotist returned her to her seat. He convinced the next volunteer that his hand was stuck to his face. They had a short conversation while the young man tried to pull away his hand without getting too desperate.

And so on the hypnotist made his way down the line of volunteers, having each person act in a silly manner. He told the sixth person in line to forget the number seven and then had her count her fingers. No matter how many times she tried, she just couldn't get to eight. By the time he reached England, the audience was ready for something a little different, so the hypnotist pulled England to his feet and handed him a microphone.

"So, Eyebrows…" the hypnotist began to say.

"Call me 'Eyebrows' again and I will punch you," England growled. America smiled to see that even a hypnotized England still acted like a total grump.

The hypnotist held his hands in front of him in a placating manner and laughed along with the audience. "Okay, okay. What's your name?"

"Arthur."

"Well, Arthur, did you come here with someone special tonight?"

"Yes," said England as the color rose in his cheeks.

"Great! I want you to think of a love song and then I want you to sing it to your date!" The audience cheered, hoping for a cheesy song and some hilariously rotten singing. "Just remember," the hypnotist continued, "You are the best singer in the world, so be sure to really belt it out! On the count of three start singing, 1, 2, 3…"

Although these days England enjoyed only the occasional drunken karaoke at bars, he had been quite a singer in his punk rock days, so he easily captured the audience's attention and approval as he began singing. Even under the suggestion of hypnosis, he wasn't going to pick out some cheesy love song. He chose something that conveyed his real feelings—including his inability to always express those feelings. England sought one person in the audience and sang with all of his heart to a face with a broad smile and blue eyes in the back of the room.

It's the price I guess For the lies I've told  That the truth it no longer thrills me

And why can't we laugh? When it's all we have  Have we put these childish things away?  Have we lost the magic that we once had?

In the end, in the end There's nothing more to life than love is there?  In the end, in the end  It's time