her leverage was great. Ugh, why was Corrida so stubborn? Mattea wrapped her arms around her, twisted one hand into her hair again, dragged her nails down her back to grab her ass and squeeze. In return Juana turned away from her neck, lifted her head to catch her lips with her own, a brief attempt at a kiss before she bit her lip.


"Ah-" Not hard enough to draw blood, thankfully, but Mattea didn't want to leave with too much evidence of an altercation, and a bloody lip definitely wouldn't be good. Had Juana thought of the same thing, was that why she was kissing her now? Did she think that Mattea wouldn't bite her too hard for fear of doing obvious damage, was she lording it over her somehow? Well, two could play at that game. Another competition to dive into headfirst, they kissed hard without thought, breaking away often to gasp or move against the other, some dim part of Mattea feeling like something was missing as their tongues touched and she realized it was the taste of blood.


Juana's hands roved over her body, traced her curves, upset her clothes, slid beneath her top to feel for a bra and she could feel that moment of surprise go through her when she realized that she wasn't wearing one. Ha, weren't expecting that, were you? Mattea thought, a brief moment of triumph, something in the midst of Juana's hands all over her, like she even deserved to touch her, ugh she had no skill, she wasn't nearly as good as this as Mattea was, like she knew how to grope someone, how to make them beg, unh...


Mattea dug her claws into her again, raked them up her back and Juana hissed, growled through her teeth, shoved her back against the wall in a way that clearly said who was in control, dominant and there was no way that wouldn't prick her pride. The grinding gave way to struggling again, to fighting against the other, efforts to shift weight, push away, change grips, change positions, scratches and bites and curses and god she was pulling her hair again, ugh, she hated it when she did that, it stung all across her scalp and made it so hard to think, especially when she was touching her like that, ngh. 


She could hear Juana growling under her breath, felt her teeth against her skin, her fingers digging deep into her back, the flex of her body as she rolled her hips against her and Mattea thrust back in turn, shit, it wasn't enough, this wasn't enough and she wasn't sure what she hated more in times like these, Corrida or herself for wanting to fuck her this badly. What was wrong with her? She'd never degrade herself this way for anyone, but all she could think of, all she wanted was...


Introspection never lasted long in situations like this, but it had an effect regardless. What this situation needed, what Mattea needed was some way to tie her down, to make her helpless, to push her down with one boot until she kneeling at her feet, until she was looking up at her with tears of frustration in those pathetic brown eyes of hers, until she could feel the hatred coming off her in throbs of fury, until they both knew, completely and irrevocably, that Mattea had won. She'd had a taste of it when that unwitting spectator had come in and Juana had folded completely into her hands like she was supposed to, but of course Corrida had to ruin it somehow, ruin it like she always did by refusing to know her place. Mattea had had her just where she wanted her and then Corrida had the gall to fight back, to even get the advantage over her, what the hell was her problem?


Mattea pulled herself out of the moment for a few seconds, a great effort considering what they were doing that she should have been commended for, and decided to pull an arm back to try and land a full hit on her, a satisfying full-bodied slap. Somehow, she had no idea how, Juana seemed to guess at her plan, pinning her hand back against the stall wall before she'd even gotten halfway. How dare you as Mattea began to try with her other hand, but again Juana cheated somehow, guessed at her intentions, grabbed her wrist with more strength than she should have, should be allowed to have. Restrained again, by her, by fucking Corrida of all people- No, this was NOT happening! She was not going to let this happen! Mattea struggled fiercely now, uninterested in playing anymore but somehow it didn't work, somehow Juana kept her hold, somehow she had the strength to keep holding her down even when she was really trying and that pissed her off like nothing else. They rocked back and forth, vying for power, straining to get the upper hand to no avail. Their stalemate eventually gave way to the fact they were still moving against each other, their