live stream by Kat Von D-”  “You need your sleep, Tsukki, or you’re going to be exhausted on Monday and have a breakdown at university and have to come home, and I know you hate missing your classes because of your autism.”  Tsukishima’s shoulders slumped and he looked back at the television, letting go of Bokuto’s hand.  “If that is what you wish, then.”  Bokuto frowned a little and moved to pull Tsukishima against his chest. He wasn’t at risk of an overload, his bodily cues said he was just, as Tsukishima put it, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.  “Tell you what; since you can’t have your usual cuddles on the couch with Keiji this morning, why don’t I take you shopping? Didn’t you say you wanted to get some new make up because you hit… paint?”  Tsukishima smiled, a very tiny one, but it was there. “I hit pan on my Anastasia Beverly Hills Pro Series Contour Kit. And I need some new matte lipsticks.”  “… Whatever you said just sounded like a foreign language to me.”  “Well, I did recite it in English so.”  Bokuto burst into laughter and Tsukishima stood, slowly. He drunk the last of his cold coffee, scrunching his nose as he did so.  “Where are you going?”  “I’m getting dressed so we can go shopping. You did just offer.”  “Yes, but you didn’t accept it.”  Bokuto snorted and got up to follow Tsukishima through to the bedroom. His movements were stiff, as though he was working on autopilot and Bokuto frowned a little. Tsukishima seemed so… sad when he was like this and Bokuto just wanted to hug him tightly.  Bokuto pushed the urge away and dressed himself and before he waited for Tsukishima. He grabbed his jacket. “You bringing your headphones?”  Tsukishima made a soft noise in his throat and slipped the headphones around his neck, making sure each ear was at a comfortable length so his neck didn’t feel like it was being choked. Bokuto followed Tsukishima into the living room, grabbed his keys, and then they headed out.

 

-xox-

 

“Aaaaaaaaa!”  Bokuto turned around at the sound of Tsukishima’s vocal stimming with an eyebrow raised. They’d just walked into the local drug store, and Tsukishima had disappear immediately to the make up aisle. Bokuto had followed, looking at the different hair dyes on display on the opposite shelves.  “Coo!”  Bokuto smiled at his nickname from Tsukishima – Tsukishima had trouble saying his name when he was in an overload, when he needed Bokuto the most and had ended up saying Coo. When he had come to and they had all chuckled over it, Tsukishima decided he would call his owl obsessed boyfriend Coo. Bokuto still loved it.  “Coo!”  “I’m here, I’m here.” He stood as close as he could to Tsukishima, peering at the lipstick in his hand. “I don’t even know what I’m looking at but that’s a pretty golden tube.”  Tsukishima tched and rolled his eyes. “This pretty golden tube is the new Milani Colour Statement lipstick. This colour is Sangria. But they’re cream and not matte.” Tsukishima ran the curve of the lipstick across the back of his hand and even Bokuto could say that the colour suited Tsukishima’s skin tone.  Dejected, Tsukishima put the tube back and then immediately went silent, eyes scanning the other lipsticks on offer.  “This says matte on it and it’s dark purple.” Bokuto pointed to a long, frosted glass tube and a golden handle and Tsukishima might as well have been an eagle with how quickly he swooped in to get it.  “Oh, it’s Gerard Cosmetics. They’re a good brand but they did some shitty things recently.” Tsukishima slid the lipstick back into it’s slot. “I’m not keen to buy from them.”  Bokuto nodded and bent down to look at the lower stocks of make up, before pulling out a small frosted tube with a red lid.  “Tsukki?”  “Put that back this instant.”  “Lime Crime?”  “Mhm. Put it back. The creator dressed up as… a not too loved war president for Halloween one year. Like I’d support that.” Tsukishima rubbed the back of his head. “She apologised for it but I’m still irked by it.”  “If it’s who I think it is, I can image why.” Bokuto put the lipstick back hastily and then stood back, hands in his pockets. This was Tsukishima’s domain.  Bokuto turned back around to look at the hair dyes before aaaaaaaaaa.  Bokuto turned back around to see Tsukishima’s foot tapping quickly on the floor as he undid a tester for another purple lipstick.  “That’s liquid, not matte.”  Tsukishima tched. “It dries matte, Coo, keep up!”  Bokuto watched Tsukishima swipe the purple lipstick over his skin and admired the colour. “That would definitely look good on you.”  Tsukishima glanced around before shhing Bokuto. He