.

“Mm…”

“Ha…er…”

“What’s that, love?”

“…Harder,” Angela breathed a little louder, ashamed of her request, but still pulling Moira harder between her legs. God, Angela thinks, if things are already this intense, how hard were they going to be in a few moments?

Moira didn’t hesitate.

“With pleasure.”

Their lips meet again. But they don’t just meet. They fight.

Passionately, angrily, lustfully; Angela’s hands slide through Moira’s now messy red hair. Moira unhooked the clasp of Angela’s bra, pulling it off with such force that the straps didn’t need to slide off of her arms for it to be removed altogether; and Angela tore Moira’s white shirt from her body. The rip sounded more satisfying than either of them had thought.


Why am I doing this? 


Moira’s hands crept up Angela’s back as they kissed.


Because you want to fuck her.


“Moira…”


But why do I?


Moira chuckled against Angela’s lips, and bit at her bottom lip gently. Angela let out a gasp of pleasure.


Because she’s not like anyone you’ll ever meet again.


Moira’s palms hover over Angela’s breasts - cupping them, groping them to the almost therapeutic sound of Angela Ziegler’s moaning, and Angela’s fingertips work their way up the slip of Moira’s alabaster skin in return.

She gripped to her as they kissed, begging with her hands and her lips to be touched, to be fucked, to be unforgivingly, unashamedly destroyed for one night only.

Well…one night for now.

The bed creaks with their shifting weight, and Moira can’t get enough of the woman beneath her.

Where she would usually have inserted a sarcastic or charming quip, this time, she didn’t have the ability to talk in the heat of the moment. Even she was paralyzed by her own lust for Angela, the sensation of feeling her warm, thick thighs wrapped around her hipbones, the feeling of her abdomen grinding in between the doctor beneath hers’ legs.

God, the smugness, the rush that it brought to know she was fucking someone she considered to be so self-righteous, so conventional, and by her own consideration, someone with such a God complex.

To Moira, it was a total and complete success to have her rival in the medical world beneath her, half-naked in bed, tangled up beneath the sheets in a mess of legs and limbs working together, and about to fuck her so hard that she was going to forget her own name.

Angela’s hands move from holding onto Moira to gripping the poles of the bed above her, as Moira’s lips moved from Angela’s only to kiss down her breasts, and letting her tongue roll against Angela’s sensitive, hardened nipple. Angela squeezes her thighs again, and Moira crumples.

“Moira…” Angela breathed deliriously, a heady mixture of lustful and furious, and remembered the times where Moira hadn’t been on top of her, but she had been saying the same thing. “Ugh…”

“I’m going to have fun with you tonight, pet,” Moira whispered against Angela’s ear, rubbing hard between her legs. “And you’re going to hate yourself for it, aren’t you?”

Angela felt the flash of anger ping her eyes open once more, causing her to grab Moira’s wrist beneath the sheets, and shove it between her legs. Moira hovered above her as she did, propping herself up with one arm from Angela’s hot, enraptured body, and rubbed hard between Angela’s legs over her underwear.

“Want me to fuck you?”

Angela made a noise of god, yes, please fuck me, and Moira smiled the same familiar grin. Angela glares with a scathing disapproval.

“Don’t look at me like that.”

Grinning that same, smug, Cheshire cat-like grin of satisfaction. God, Angela hated it. But she also relished in it being just for her.

“Tell me, love.”

“Who can say?” Angela hissed, before Moira made a noise of surprise as Angela flipped her onto her back with a surprising amount of force, “but nothing’s going to happen before I ride you.”

“Ah…” Moira exclaimed, her face flushed and in between her legs aching. Angela placed a hand around Moira’s neck as she sat on top of her, who gripped to the skin of Angela’s wrist. “Well, now you’re just spoiling me, sweetheart. For a woman who isn’t fond of me, you certainly seem like you’ve shed that skin.”

Angela ignored her remark, concentration rife across a flushed face, and leaned down to slip her tongue against Moira’s.

“You’d do well to remember who’s in charge here, you know?”

Moira gasped for breath as Angela removed her hand and lips momentarily, and rest her palms to