! After everything that happened, she left me! She’s meant to be my partner but right when I needed her the most, she ran! How am I supposed to fix that? How am I supposed to forgive her after that?”

Yang’s anger slowly dwindles, leaving her with only a bad taste in her mouth and tears in her eyes.

“Just think about it, alright? Give her a chance,” Taiyang asks and Yang remains silent for a few long moments before finally nodding.
“Do you want to keep training?” Taiyang continues and Yang sighs again.
“I think I just want to be alone for a while,”

Taiyang nods his head and turns to leave the room. Before he even makes it out, he hears the telltale sound of Yang driving a fist through the wall. Taiyang stops for a moment before leaving, reminding himself to find the repair kit later so that he can fix the hole in the wall again.

~

“Hey there, Firecracker. Put another hole in the wall?”

Yang looks away from her window to see Qrow leaning against the door frame. She’s about to ask if her father had told him when Qrow nods his head in the direction of her arm and she looks down to see the metal is dusted in plaster from the wall.

“Yeah,” Yang murmurs and wipes her hand on her bed sheets, briefly looking at her reflection on the shiny surface.

“What set you off this time?” Qrow asks and Yang looks out the window again.
“Blake,” Yang replies simply and watches as a shadow fades back out of view in the tree line. Yang’s not naive enough to pretend that the shadow wasn’t the very person that she wishes would show herself.

“She’s been around, I can’t imagine she’d want to be too far from her partner,” Qrow muses and Yang turns to look at him.
“Yeah? She sure fooled me,”
“Look, I know that you’re angry, Kiddo, but sitting in here and hating the world isn’t going to help you. Trust me on that,” Qrow sighs, hand reaching for his flask.

“It’s working just fine for me,”

~

“Hey, Dad. I’m home,” Yang swings the door shut with her foot and shrugs off her jacket.
“In here, Honey,”

Yang walks through the door and stops in her tracks as she looks over at the girl sitting on her couch, across from her dad.
“Blake,”

“Yang, hey,” Blake’s voice is soft and she sets down the cup of tea in her hands on the coffee table. With nothing to occupy her hands, Blake simply tucks them into her lap and waits to see how Yang is going to react.

“Your um, your arm looks good,” Blake comments after a heavy silence.
“It’s been two years, Blake. What are you doing here?” Yang finally manages to speak, her voice rough.

“I wanted to see you. I know you’ve needed your space, and I’ve given you that but I couldn’t keep walking around day by day knowing that you hate me. I had to come and talk to you,” Blake explains, not bothering to hide the pain in her voice.

“What’s there to talk about, Blake? I needed you, and you ran. You left me here,” Yang states and Taiyang quickly excuses himself to give the two girls their space.
“I had my reasons, Yang,” Blake responds evenly and Yang chuckles bitterly.
“Yeah, everyone kept saying that. Everyone was so quick to jump to your defense, hell, I was too. Look where that got me,” Blake flinches as Yang flexes her metallic arm to emphasize her point.

“There aren’t enough ways that I can tell you how sorry I am about what happened to you, Yang. I don’t even know how to begin,”
“You could start by actually telling me you are sorry, instead of shutting me out. Christ, Blake, I don’t even care about what happened before, I care that you disappeared for two years without so much as a word,”

“I had to leave, I couldn’t stand to face you after what happened. I couldn’t sit by and watch you hate me every day, but I guess if I’m being honest that’s exactly what happened anyway,” Blake sighs and Yang stands motionless, all of the emotions that had been built up coming to the surface.

“I saw what happened to your arm, and I knew that I’d lost you. You might hate me, Yang, but it’s not as much as I hate myself,” Blake says quietly, her throat tightening.

“My arm? You think I give a damn about my arm?” Yang asks, her voice growing louder and her eyes beginning to burn red. Blake frowns and opens her mouth, but doesn’t find the words to say.
“Jesus Christ, Blake