over to the board, re-reading my work before turning his eyes back to me, steel grey upon muted green, the latter wide with fear and apprehension. 

"I appreciate your intent brat, but butchering Baudelaire wasn't exactly what I had in mind" he murmured, taking the board eraser and scrubbing out a large portion of my translation "Perhaps listening would've been a better option in class as opposed to entertaining Springer's inane chatter".



My canines bit down on the side of my mouth as I watched his profile, torn between apologising as I know I should, or remaining quiet in childish defiance, an unfortunate trait which seemed to rear its ugly head at any opportunity it found.



Levi seemed to notice the shift in my stature, for he took his roll list out and drew a thin finger down it, stopping at my name. "Jaeger. You stay in the university dorms yes?"

"Yes" I replied quietly, not giving him the satisfaction of tacking on a 'sir' at the end.

"Right. Then you should know that plenty of staff do as well. Including me. Now, as much as I hate insolent brats who don't listen to their superiors, or give them the time of day to turn up to a scheduled meeting-"

"I told you I was busy" I said incredulously, not believing he was choosing to censure me over such a thing.

"-I can tutor you every third day as long as you promise to stop being a spoilt shit. I'll help you as long as you show an ounce of gratitude and don't waste my time".

The pause that followed left the silence almost palpable between us, me with my mouth almost hanging off its hinges and Levi watching me with an expression I could possibly have dared to label a smirk of sorts.

"You'll tutor me?" I summarised in shock, before realising I was only giving him the opportunity to insult me, taking a breath before recovering and nodding, even daring to feel a little happy at the thought "Yeah…I mean, thanks. But wouldn't that take up too much of your time?"

"I told you, every third evening. My time during the first term is unfortunately going to be dedicated to assisting students who need it, at least, that's what the university has made me promise. All student teachers take on one problem case. You're mine. Congratulations" he said, closing his eyes before flicking a spot of invisible dirt off his shoulder and taking his books "So, six suits me, I don't care if it suits you, make it do so. Ditch me and you'll be wishing I'd married you to Kirstein".

Without even saying goodbye, he brushed past me and exited the classroom, leaving me alone to gather my things and follow, actually managing to elicit a smile from my lips.

New chapter (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧Finally, a point in the plot where something of shipping note happens, my sincere apologies for the slow start ;-;Thank you all for reading again, I'm looking forward to continuing ^_^

"Mm, Levi...would you kiss me if I asked?"

"Don't get ahead of yourself brat"

Through the haze of the dream I could hear my own voice, so weak compared to the soft murmur I'd conjured to replicate Levi. The cool hands that cupped my cheeks, the pitch in my stomach as I leant in to take his lips, it seemed far too sentient to be a product of my imagination. 

Wait. No. As my mind managed to fight its way back to clarity, I frowned in an attempt to push off the dream, my senses immediately rejecting such an idea with every fibre of my being. Yet the woeful figure I recognised as myself stood alone in the shifting landscape, a creature I immediately hated as I saw the soft carmine rouging his lips, evidence of the image that had elicited the side of my brain capable of logical thought. And so, drawing my arm back, I threw it in the figure's face, hoping that perhaps by injuring what was technically myself I would awaken and be free of memories pertaining to the dream in question. Which worked quite well.

I awoke to the buzzing of my phone and rolled over to check the alarm, my eyes too tired to fully register the words. Apart from Levi. And six. And being married to Jean unless I was ready and chipper by the time he arrived.

Sitting bolt upright, I shakily pushed the phone back into its charging dock and rolled to the floor, landing inelegantly upon the wood before convincing my muscles to push myself to my feet, head spinning from the sudden movements. Levi. Here. Ten minutes. Tutoring. Fuck.

A glance in the mirror told me my hair could have comfortably nested a large family of birds, a soft groan coming from between my lips as I raked my hand through it, after much negotiation managing to settle it with a brush, moving backwards to my wardrobe and