, trying to find the right words.

“But what, luv?” Spike asked, trying his hardest not to look like his future happiness depended on the outcome of this one conversation.

“I always fought against my feelings,” she replied, looking at her feet. “I always...it was never for me...I let them...”

Sensing her struggle, Spike brought her eyes to his, giving her the strength to continue. “I’ve never lived my life for me. Since my calling, everyone has these expectations I’m supposed to live up to. Everything I am is about being the Slayer.” Spike swallowed hard as he watched the pain in her eyes while she continued slowly. “When we were under the spell...I was still the Slayer, but I had something else too. I had you. You loved me and you let me be me. Just plain old ditzy, stubborn and hopelessly confused Buffy,” she said with a grin. “And I don’t want to give that up.” Somewhere during her little speech, Spike reverted back to his human face as his heart swelled with affection for the girl in front of him. Stepping forward, he wove his fingers through her golden mane as he gently eased her towards him.

“Wouldn’t want you any other way,” he murmured as he took her lips in a passionate kiss.

“I didn’t plan on this, Spike,” she whispered softly. “Hell I’m not even sure what this is. There’s something here though, between us, and it’s real, Spike. So real...and it scares me.”

Spike could swear that he felt his unworthy heart come back to life with each word she spoke. “I know how you feel, luv.” He released a shaky breath. “Didn’t see this comin’. I shoulda known though. Christ, even Dru knew before me.” Off her confused look, he took her hands in his, slowly stroking his thumbs over her bruised knuckles and looking deep into the chaotic emotions that warred behind her emerald eyes.

“She said I was covered in you or some such rot, that you were sunshine and I was lost to you. Didn’t know what she meant at the time. Truth be told, I didn’t want to know.” His lips quirked and he gave a small shrug. Spike had to get his inner William under control before he spilled the true depth of his feelings for the little slayer and scared her off for good.

Buffy released the breath she had unwittingly been holding. She knew this wasn’t a spur of the moment thing for the impulsive vampire. His unspoken words resounded in her head along with the meaning she inferred from his speech. Any lingering doubts fled her mind as she reached up to tilt his head to hers. His eyes burned with the same tumultuous emotions as hers as she took a deep breath and steadied her fluttering nerves. “I’m sure.”

Spike’s arm wrapped around her waist and she suddenly found herself lifted in the air and pressed against the wall. Instinctively, she wrapped her legs around his waist, grinding her body against his in a circular motion.“That’s it, Buffy,” he whispered, sliding his hands under her skirt to clutch her ass in both hands. Angling his hips, he pressed the seam of his jeans against her soaked panties, causing Buffy to gasp at the feelings he created. “I want you to get that pussy nice an’ wet. Wanna taste those juices on my tongue as you writhe against my face.”

Buffy’s cheeks flushed beautifully at his words and Spike was rewarded by another burst of her arousal in the air. So, my girl likes a bit of dirty talk, huh?

“Does that sound good, Buffy? Want me to spread those pretty legs of yours and bury my head between your thighs? Push my tongue so far inside you till you scream my name when you come?” His words, spoken in that deep, seductive voice, drove her out of her mind. It was no wonder Dru was as nutty as a fruit cake after a century of Spikes loving! Quickly dismissing all thoughts of Spike’s insane sire from her mind, Buffy grabbed two fistfuls of his hair and smashed her lips to his in a demanding kiss. Spinning her around, Spike lowered her to the bed, following her down without breaking the kiss.

Eventually Buffy’s need to breathe forced them to separate, allowing Spike to kneel up and admire the vision that lay before him. She lay panting on his bed, her skirt bunched up around her waist, giving him a glimpse of her red lace panties while her shredded top gifted him with a view of the matching bra. Her lips were swollen from his kisses and her hair spread over his pillow like a golden halo.

The sight of his girl, laid out before him, made his straining erection twitch within its denim prison. Reaching down he popped the top button to give him some relief from the pressure. A slow, lazy smile crept over his face as