is not the burnt city, but that it somehow could have survived. The skeleton exposed, the bare bones of the city, they stick out of the ground not proud but woeful. How can they go on after all this?

Peggy lives like a ghost for a couple of days, until he meets Falsworth in a semi-blasted restaurant near Bedford Square. They find out they come from the same area in Gloucestershire, but neither of them want to go home after all that's happened. That deserves a toast, one of them says but they are not sure exactly who.

`I feel like I am living a borrowed life,´ he says, James does, because he asked her to call him James, because this is peacetime after all, and they are on leave. `I should have died that night at Schmidt's base.´

He doesn't talk about it like it's a gift. Peggy can understand that. There is not the joy that should be, finding herself alive among the ruins. She doesn't feel lucky. She doesn't feel relieved.

The crave for connection is sharp; James invites him up his rented flat in bombed Bloomsbury for a last drink but it wouldn't be fair. It's not like she feels she would be being unfaithful. It's that it would be too easy. It would dull the pain.

Peggy wants to keep her pain intact.

 

 


[three]


Howard continues the search for months. That surprises her.

`You asked me to,´ he says once, flatly, when she tries to thank him for his persistence.

She is not thankful. And he can't be doing all this for her. Not entirely.

 

 


[four]


It's been dead for a long time but now – now with Steve gone – the Army wants the Super-Soldier Serum data and everything relating to it or any other research by Dr Erskine buried. There were some, low-level, papers that could go to his family but the rest was to be boxed and sealed and concealed forever in the entrails of some government building.

Thinking about it now, Peggy feels as if the Project belonged to another era, something that happened to other people, not her and Steve and the others. Just like war has started to feel like a strange, unthinkable dream.

Scrawny kid becomes Captain America: surely it was just another story, another propaganda lie they fed the public.

`So this is how it all ends,´ Howard says when they tackle the last reminder: Erskine's office.

It's finally up to her and Howard to sort out the documents and to put the final seal on the project. Howard obviously because no one else understands the science part of it all. She is not sure why Colonel Phillips asked her to come back to America. Perhaps he is trying to give her some closure. Perhaps her bosses think she is the only person tolerant enough of Howard Stark to work with him.

She doesn't know exactly what the Army has promised Howard but she guesses he can take a stab at all the research, since he was part of it. She can imagine Phillips not being very comfortable knowing he is putting classified information in Stark's way.

Between box and box Howard has been taking swings at a bottle of scotch he somehow slipped into the laboratory without Peggy noticing.

By the time they finish he is completely drunk. And not regular-Howard drunk. Not the kind of drunk Peggy is used to see him. His voice still sounds frostbitten.

`Let me take you home.´

`Why, Miss Carter, I thought you'd never ask,´ Howard says but it's all half-hearted, as if he couldn't possibly be as rude as to not try to have sex with her. As if Peggy might take offence if he didn't.

They take a cab to Howard's absolutely preposterous house in Manhattan.

In the end she does have to help him get into bed.

He grabs her wrist gently when she is about to leave. Peggy understands; after all it would be uncharacteristic of Howard to say things like stay.

Instead he says: `I know many a gal who would be jealous of the position you find yourself in right now.´

She gets into bed with him, still in her uniform. The bed is big enough. Everything in Howard's house is big enough, absurdly luxurious. Still he moves closer to her. Peggy understands the need for connection, but this time it's not about her. She can feel Howard's warm body behind her back, not touching her, his breathing becoming less and less of a struggle, his muscles relaxing. She wonders when was the last time she saw Howard relax. She can't remember a single time.

Finally when she thinks he has fallen asleep he speaks, his voice clear and scrapped:

`He was ridiculous. Wasn't he?´

Peggy presses her face against the soft pillow. She lets out a noise of agreement. There's no need to clarify who he is