What the fuck bastard! That's mine!"

Said bastard only smirked mockingly.

"I won't say it again, give it back." Really Naruto didn't know why he was getting so worked up. Well... maybe it was the fact that he couldn't stand the asshole's attitude with his pretty hand on his own hip, taunting him. Nobody, nobody could get on his nerves like Sasuke did.

"What?" He said dismissedly. "This stupid lace that slut gave you?" Sasuke raised an eyebrow.

"Hey!" Naruto frowned. "Don't call her that."

"What? A slut? But it's true Naruto, isn't it?" Sasuke said coming closer. "She is a fucking slut."

"I told you to not call her that!" Naruto was really trying to restrain himself, his fists were almost shaking.

"Oh, is it that you actually liked it? Did you like fucking that pink bimbo Naruto?" Sasuke said with a harsh voice. "You didn't waste any time and quickly got someone else to fuck, you really have gone low."

"Shut the fuck up!" Naruto yelled just a second before his first connected with Sasuke's face, throwing him to the floor. "It's not any of your business who I fuck or not, is it Sa-su-ke?"

Naruto's eyes scowled when he watched how Sasuke stood up coolly, his hand touching his broken lip, cleaning the small trail of blood coming out of his mouth with the lace in obvious mocking.

'Fine! Keep it!' Naruto thought as he turned around, he didn't have the energy to fight, and as he wasn't looking at Sasuke he missed the way Sasuke's eyes narrowed at the dismissal.

"Of course it's my business Naruto." Sasuke said when he reached Naruto's side, whispering in his ear while one of his arms held him possessively. "You are mine Naruto, of course I mind." He explained him like if he was explaining a historical fact.

"Fuck you asshole!" Naruto said, breaking Sasuke's embrace.

"No, fuck you." Sasuke said before he made him back down, cornering him and before Naruto could say anything, he stroked his member.

"Fuck." Naruto said breathlessly, almost moaning. "Fuck! Stop!" He yelled grabbing Sasuke's hand, throwing it away. But Sasuke had good reflexes, he grabbed the same hand and harshly turned Naruto around pushing his naked body against the wall. "Watch it asshole!" Sasuke took advantage of Naruto's distraction and tied his hands on his back.

"Wh-What?" Naruto started struggling. "Is this a joke?" He turned around. "What are you doing?"

Sasuke was still cornering Naruto, but his hands were busy taking off all his clothes, letting them land carelessly besides Naruto's. "It seems like I'll have to remind you."

"What nerve you have to say that Sasuke, untie me! NOW!" He demanded as Sasuke loosened his shirt. "Didn't you hear what I said?"

"Yes, I did, but it seems like you didn't hear me."

"It was you who decided to hmph!" Sasuke's tongue was thrusting inside his mouth and Naruto's eyes rolled back as he tasted Sasuke's dark flavor.

"Mmm... aaah..." Naruto thrust his forming erection into Sasuke's hand. "Aaah!" He moaned when he felt the fabric of Sasuke's pants going down... when that hand went to pinch one of his nipples... when Sasuke's mouth sucked like a leech the sensitive spot on his neck. "Fuck!" He almost yelled when the hand that was stroking his erection grabbed his own too. "Aaah! Aaah! More!" Was it natural to feel so much pleasure in such short amount of time? Something inside his mind screamed 'no' but why? That was so stupid, he wanted this... he had missed this!

"Naruto." Sasuke whispered.

Naruto kept moaning as Sasuke left a trail of kisses as he traveled downwards, making the muscles on his stomach jump when Sasuke touched them, making Naruto whine when he bit the available skin, sucking and licking it, leaving possessive marks, Naruto bucked his hips when he felt Sasuke's teeth nibbling gently at his erection and hummed when he tasted the drop of precum that was sliding over his member.

"Wha...aaah"

With his eyelids almost closed he barely was able to see Sasuke's head bobbing as he sucked him, feeling how Sasuke grabbed one of his tanned legs to place it on his pale shoulder, not caring that the blond was losing his balance. Forcing Naruto lean on him for support.

"Bastard, my arms!" His head hitting the wall softly, unable to keep his eyes open. "Yes!" Naruto moaned when he felt a finger push into his entrance to be joined quickly by a second and a third. He could feel his face burning when Sasuke expertly