out?" I asked, not catching on at first.  "I have the ingredients to make chicken marsala, and I know that's one of your favorites.  Then we can watch whatever you want afterwards."

"I suppose we could, but it wouldn't be a very romantic date if I made you cook," Tony countered. 

"Oh," I said simply.

A date.  Now what was I going to do?  Tony was certainly attractive, and I liked him a lot, but I didn't want to date him.  I shouldn't be dating anyone.  It's simply not safe.  

I suppose I could say no, but what if Tony gets upset and decides it's too hard to have me stay after I turned him down?  Tony didn't seem like the type who would kick someone out just because they refused to go on a date with him, but was it really a chance I could afford to take?

This whole dilemma cast one thing in a very clear light.  I was not a free man.  I might be enjoying myself and doing significant scientific work.  I might feel safe and comfortable, but I was being held captive in the tower by SHIELD and my future depended on the whims and good graces of one Tony Stark, whether or not he knew it.  I was no better than his prisoner or slave.

The reality of my situation hit me like a ton of bricks.  Why I hadn't seen the truth earlier was a mystery, but now that I saw the arrangement for what it was, I couldn't help but feel used.

"So what do you think?" Tony prompted and he fidgeted, clearly unsettled by me staying silent for so long.

"I think that sounds great," I said trying not to let the bile creep up the back of my throat.

Tony squinted his eyes and seemed to scrutinize my face, "Are you sure?  You seem uncomfortable.  You don't have to say 'yes' Bruce.  You don't owe me anything."

'Oh, but I do have to, because I owe you for every minute I'm not Ross' prisoner.  I just never thought I would have to pay you like this,' I thought bitterly.

"I want to," I reassured, (I hoped), "I'm just a little nervous because it's been a while since I've been on a date."

Tony beamed and wrapped a reassuring arm around my shoulder, "Great!  We'll leave at seven."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dating Tony wasn't so bad.  It's not that I thought it would be, but after hearing Pepper's stories about the giant bunny and the strawberries, well I wasn't expecting what happened.

Tony would often opt to stay in because he knew that going out makes me nervous.  He made me breakfast, (after many failed attempts at making an omelet), and learned how to make vegetarian korma.  He also seemed to be able to tell when I was feeling low, and when I was he stayed by my side and tried tirelessly to cheer me up.  

Sure, we started sharing a bed and having sex, which I wasn't thrilled about, but I didn't want Tony to think I wasn't interested.  Plus, he seemed to understand that sex was a big deal for me, so he was willing to take it slow.

Things are going pretty well, but sometimes I wonder how real they are.  There are times where I feel a war being fought inside of me about how I should respond to our relationship.

One part of me tells me I should enjoy it.  Good things so rarely happen to me, and who's to say that Tony and I wouldn't have ended up dating even if things had been different?  He's sweet, smart, attractive and we have a lot in common.  Why wouldn't I want to date him?  

The other part counters that I would not have accepted Tony's offer or dated him if I hadn't had my hand forced, and that he deserves to know the truth.  However muddled my feelings are, he's been very clear about his, and his sincerity deserves my honesty.  

Then the first side counters that if he knew that I felt in anyway forced to date him or be with him, it would break his heart and possibly make him hate himself for using me, (even if he didn't know he was doing it).

It all came to a head one evening when Tony turned to me with a look of pure adoration on his face, (how he could ever think I was worthy of that I'll never know), and said, "I love you, Bruce."

My throat went dry, my heart started to race, and I had no idea what to say.  Did I love Tony?  The situation made it hard to know.  I wasn't really free to decide, because even if I wasn't in love with him I was in no position to tell him without risking being