heart plummeted. He couldn't help it; he felt incredibly betrayed. ''What?'' he asked faintly. ''You said this wasn't an embarrassing joke on me. You gave your word.''

Arthur rolled his eyes, but the blush on his cheeks only deepened. ''It isn't, okay? Trust me.'' Arthur swallowed. ''I just want to try something, okay?''

Merlin eyed him doubtfully. ''Why do I have to be naked for it?''

''Well you'll never going to find out if you keep in your clothes,'' Arthur snapped. ''Do you want me to help you with those bullies or don't you?''

Merlin pressed his lips together. He didn't like this. But the prospect of Arthur saving him from getting into more situations like this morning, when he was forced to fish his books out of an overflowing toilet, was too tempting.

Hesitantly he reached for his belt buckle. ''There's no camera here, is there?'' he asked, and Arthur actually had the gull to laugh.

''No,'' he said, looking amused and sheepish at the same time. ''Believe me, I wouldn't want coverage of this either.''

Merlin scowled, but the tension had broken a little, and so he took a deep breath, pulled his shirt over his head and kicked off his shoes. He was unbuckling his belt and pulling down his trousers, until he stood clad in nothing but his boxers in front of Arthur Pendragon, school hero and prat extraordinaire.

''What now?'' he asked.

Arthur grinned, his expression almost fond. ''You''ll have to loose those as well for what I've got in mind,'' he said, nodding towards Merlin's nether regions.

Merlin looked down at his undergarments and then back up at Arthur. ''What... hell, Arthur, would you please tell me what this is about?''

Arthur jumped down from the desk and strode forward, grabbed Merlin by the hips, turned him and guided him that way until his cotton covered arse hit the edge of the table.

''Just stay like this,'' Arthur said, not looking Merlin in the eye but down at his crotch.

Taking a deep breath he pulled down Merlin's boxers, sinking to his knees in front of him. Merlin stiffened. Everywhere. He couldn't help it, he was a teenage boy and his cock was hanging free, right in front of someone else's face.

''What... what are you doing?'' Merlin croaked.

Arthur looked up at him then, sky blue eyes piercing him from below. ''What does it look like, Merlin?'' he asked dryly.

''I'm not-'' Merlin felt like his whole body was covered in a blush, he felt hot and embarrassed and weird. ''I'm not gay, okay? I like girls. Your sister for example.. she's hot...'' Arthur raised his eyebrows in a 'have you really just said that' expression. ''Not that I would, I mean-''

''Merlin! Stop. Babbling.''

Merlin clamped his mouth shut, looking down at the president of the student council kneeling fully clothed between his awkwardly spread legs. Arthur's face was a picture of frustration and embarrassment, and it was the latter that made Merlin realise that he wasn't the only one who was vulnerable here. Arthur might not be naked, but he had made it all but clear that he had asked Merlin to meet him here so that he could... suck his cock.

The thing in question twitched interestedly at that idea, and Merlin's blush deepened.

''I'm...'' Arthur cleared his throat. ''I'm not gay either, okay? Which should be obvious, since I've been dating Gwen.''

''Then-''

''It's an experiment, Merlin. Just-'' He huffed in frustration. ''Just let me do this, okay? I should think it's not exactly a hardship. And we had a deal.''

Merlin fidgeted a little, but he was already here, wasn't he? He was already naked, and his cock was half hard at the prospect of any sort of action at all.

''O-okay,'' he whispered, giving Arthur a nod.

Arthur rolled his eyes at him, but then reached out and placed his hands gingerly on the inside of Merlin's thighs. Arthur's hot breath ghosted over Merlin's skin, making him shiver, and then Arthur's hands – broad, strong and slightly calloused – stroked further up, spreading Merlin's legs wider still.

Trying to keep himself from pushing Arthur off, Merlin's hands clutched the edge of the table until his knuckles turned white. His heart was beating like mad and he turned his head away, pressing his eyes firmly closed. He couldn't look, but he felt his cock filling up, his guts churning with the weirdest combination of arousal and embarrassment. And then something hot and wet – Arthur's mouth, his brain helpfully supplied - wrapped around the head