like an idiot, and what the hell is he supposed to say to that?  How is he supposed to tell this wonderful, kind, sweet woman that he’s nothing but a beast deep down?  “Well, people aren’t exactly lining up to be in the company of the town terror, are they?” he asks bitterly.

He can’t quite bring himself to look at her, but out of the corner of his eye, her eyes seem to be some mix of sympathetic and mildly impatient.

“I think you’re lonely,” she declares, as if she were telling him that the sky is blue.  As if she can peer into his soul and sees fit to tell him what she sees there.  “And you’re so afraid of getting hurt that you would rather hide in your little cave and let everyone think you’re a monster instead of taking a chance at real happiness.”

Her brazenness surprises him, and he fumbles for words for a moment.  “Well… so what if I am?” he barks defensively.  “I hardly enjoy being betrayed and having to deal with that kind of pain.”  The words are out of his mouth before he realizes that he’s said too much, that the conversation hadn’t gotten that specific.  He scrubs the silverware frantically, almost impaling his hand on a fork a few times.

“No one does,” she murmurs softly, and god help him, she rests a hand on his arm.  “But sometimes the risk is worth it.”

He lets his hands slow, but still keeps his attention focused strictly on the lasagna pan in front of him.  “The last time I let someone in the pain certainly wasn’t worth it.”  He doesn’t say the word or the name specifically, but she’s no fool.  He’s sure she can read between the lines.

She’s quiet for a long time, watching as he scrubs the pan clean.  “Was the pain worth Bae?”

He doesn’t respond.  He’s sure she knows that answer, too.

“You have to risk great pain in order to experience great joy,” she murmurs in a soft, gentle voice.  “Sometimes you get both.  Sometimes you only get the pain.  But sometimes you get lucky and it’s just the joy.”

He finally finds the courage to look up at her.  She stands close, smiling at him in a wonderfully sweet, gentle – intimate – way.  It has been a very long time since he felt so close to someone like this.  He doesn’t dare to hope she may be saying what he thinks she’s saying.  She brushes her hand against his arm again, squeezing ever so gently.  Then she steps away, and gives him his space.

She brings the last few things over from the dinner table, helps him finish cleaning up in silence.  He feels a bit awkward, but not quite so much as before.  When they finish, she looks up at the clock.

“Well, I promised I wouldn’t stay too late, so I think I should go.”

“Okay.  I’ll uh… I’ll walk you out.”

He walks her to the door, desperately trying to work up the courage to say something, anything meaningful, anything that will let her know how much he enjoys her company, how much he longs for more of it, how much he longs for her even if he can’t find a way to say it in so many words –

But then they’ve reached the door, and she’s turning to smile at him.  “Thank you for dinner, Adrian.  It was lovely.”

“Thank you for coming.  I’ll… see you at the library,” he says weakly.  Some little voice in the back of his mind screams at him to say more, and he hates himself for his inability to do so.

She smiles, and he loves the way it makes the corners of her eyes and nose wrinkle.  “Maybe I’ll bring you lunch sometime.  You can try out a little of that normal social interaction.”

He laughs a little at her teasing tone.  “Okay.”

“Good night, Adrian,” she smiles, and reaches for the door.

“Good night, Belle.”

She slips out the door, her heels clicking against the wood of the porch and steps.  Once she’s off the stairs, she turns and waves, still smiling that sweet, beautiful, heart-wrenching smile.  He waves back, and slowly shuts the door.  Once he turns the lock, he leans his forehead against the wood and lets out a deep, heavy sigh.

Gold stands alone in his shop on a rainy Monday, lost in thought and memory.  He feels completely off-kilter, hopeful and happy and lovestruck and sorrowful and so many other things.  He is still reeling from Belle’s unexpected visit for dinner last night.

He is glad for the rain – no one ever comes into the shop with weather like this, leaving him in peace with his thoughts.  Like