this angry blonde guy who was “never” wrong when it came to movies and decided to see what he was all about. I ended up finding out there was a Kill Bill part two from him actually.” I face palmed; finding out that one was a doozy. “So I decided to just ask him. I dmed him on Twitter and hoped for the best. Turns out he's weak to movie requests and laid out a pretty flourish list of must watches.”

“That list didn't include Lord of The Rings, Harry Potter or Star Wars because those are a given, naturally.” I added.

“And I had actually pointed that out and I ended up receiving several gifs expressing his great disappointment in me. So that night I had set out to purchase the entire series and watch it all, because I'm nothing if not thorough. No matter how “horrendous” they are or whatever. But please, that doesn't mean I'm a Jar Jar Binks apologist, so don't even go there.

Jean insisted my full opinion of everything and turns out he's pretty funny, when he's not yelling about movies or Eren.”

“I felt like it was important we include an outsider's point of view of TFA, one that's not looking at it with nostalgic goggles and wielding lightsabers at the openings. So, with that, let's begin…”

-----------

We spent a good hour or so going over everything I needed to discuss in my general movie reviews and asked Marco some questions. It was fun and light banter. This was going to be an easy edit for sure.

We reached a point where I felt like I had gotten everything I needed and I still had to include my initial reaction to seeing the movie when it first came out. “Alright guys, that seems to sum everything up, and as usual at some point you'll get my immediate thoughts and inquiries somewhere after the spoilers point. Oh, I forgot to mention, I'm going to be at the Seattle's film festival this weekend–if you're just watching this video and are in Seattle, come say hi. If you're watching this after the weekend and not in Seattle, I'm sure I'll be in plenty of other film festivals in the new year. Expect lots of updates on my snapchat, especially if Marco decides to be my plus one for the event.” Like I expected, Marco whips his head and nearly falls out of his chair. “Bye guys! Say bye to everyone Marco,” you could see he was clearly flustered but he held it together long enough to give his byes before I stopped recording.  I took a second to get everything ready so I can get to editing. 

“When were you actually going to ask me to this film festival, Jean? Oh my god. I probably looked so ridiculous on there, I can't go! I'm not anyone, I can't be your plus one.”

“Oh come on, Marco, you have to go with me. I'm going to be so bored. Besides, that was actually my last request; for you to be my guest. And if it makes you feel any better, people will know who you are eventually, I'm uploading the video tonight and I'm sure some people will see it. You'll be great.”

“I don't know, Jean.” Marco seemed pretty set so I decided to not push it.

I pat Marco on the back before returning to the couch, “just sleep on it! It'll be a lot more fun if you're there though. Besides, you get a sneak peek at a lot of upcoming movies coming out.

I'm gonna edit this for a bit. If you need help with dinner, let me know, okay?” I returned to my laptop and got started.

“Right. Thank you, Jean.” 

----------------- 

 

I managed to fix the Star Wars edit with minimal distraction. What's distraction compared to when all I wanted to do during the movie was hold Marco's hand. Every time he gasped, I wanted to reassure him that it gets better. Every time he wiped a tear away because I know how much he loves this series as much as I do, I wanted to hold him. When he turned to me when the credits rolled I wanted nothing more than to kiss him but I didn't. 

I was distracted. I've been distracted this entire time and I'm pretty sure I left in more of my ogling at Marco in this cut than I should have, way more. But if he won't notice because I'm too distracted to tell him when he's literally in the kitchen then maybe he's a little distracted, too. I decided I was going to go check on Marco, it's been too long for dinner to not be ready and I couldn't stare at his freckles on a screen any longer. I needed to see