down and then sat on the same bench as him but at the other end. A few minutes passed and finally it was his chance to relax, the perfect atmosphere complete with dim lights and music playing softly in the background. There was just one little problem in the form of the giant named Park Chanyeol. 

“So, Baekhyun screamed and I screamed and Jongin woke up and-” Chanyeol rambled on about how they’d found a spider in his best friend’s apartment. All Sehun wanted was some peace and relaxation after writing about utter nonsense all day and here was Chanyeol, who he invited to come with him, talking his ear off. Sehun snapped, taking it upon himself to cross the distance between them and slap his hand over Chanyeol’s big mouth. 

“Park Chanyeol, I swear to whoever is in the sky above watching over us, if you don't shut up.” He growled into Chanyeol’s ear, removing his hand from the offending mouth and sitting back. Now it was finally peaceful and quiet, though he could feel Chanyeol’s eyes burning into his face.

“You swear what?” Chanyeol asked with that smirk on his face that made Sehun either want to kiss him or punch him, he couldn't actually decide right now. Sehun rolled his eyes at the other’s childishness, sending a non-threatening glare towards Chanyeol that was supposed to look intimidating. “Awww, little Sehunnie, always making empty threats and-” Chanyeol’s teasing was stopped mid-sentence by Sehun pressing his lips to the plump lips that had been tempting him for who even knows how long. The recipient of the kiss froze under Sehun’s touch, which was now quickly receding. 

“I- I seriously don't know why I just did that, just pretend it didn't happen.” Sehun said with wide eyes and flushed cheeks, most likely from both the steam and the possible consequences of what he did weighing on him. Chanyeol blinked at him once, twice before turning towards Sehun and cupping his jaw with his hand. Before Sehun could protest, he connected their lips again in a gentle kiss. This time, however, it was initiated by Chanyeol and Sehun slowly began to respond. Chanyeol’s eager lips slid against Sehun’s in a kiss that made the room feel ten times hotter than it originally was. Sehun, not entirely sure where he should place his hands, placed them on the other’s chests. This way, he could feel the muscles and the warm skin beneath his fingers as his hands traveled lower and lower. Not feeling too risky yet, he hummed as he slid his hands to Chanyeol’s waist and stroked the skin there. The older of the two traced his tongue along Sehun’s swollen bottom lip, deepening what was, at first, a somewhat innocent kiss. The sensuous glide of Chanyeol’s lips against his and the moist heat of the other’s tongue with his elicited a moan from Sehun. Sehun’s hands traveled downwards mindlessly, reaching beneath the towel to feel Chanyeol’s ass beneath his fingers. Now, it was Chanyeol who moaned as the towel fell off of his body to the bench beneath them. Sehun broke away from the kiss, breaths coming quicker than normal due to the humidity of the room and the heated situation. “Get on your knees.” His demanding words a complete 180 from the flustered Sehun a while ago. 

“Bossy as always.” Chanyeol grinned, but also complying to the request. Sliding onto his knees in between Sehun’s spread legs, he skimmed his hands against the thick thighs up to the towel that was serving as an obstacle between Chanyeol and Sehun. He hooked his fingers underneath the towel and removed it from the front of Sehun’s body, revealing everything to the other in front of him.

“We don't have time for this sass, Yeol, you can use that pretty mouth for much better things right now.” Sehun winked at Chanyeol, running his thumb along his moist bottom lip. Honestly, Sehun hadn't foreseen this event happening anytime in the near future and especially not in a sauna of all places. The idea of Chanyeol sucking him off in a public place like this where they could be caught was rather arousing to Sehun. His train of thought was interrupted by a large hand gripping the base of his semi-hard dick, to which Sehun groaned. The air around them was growing thicker and it wasn't as easy to breathe as it was a while ago. 

“Oh, I definitely plan to.” Chanyeol replied smoothly before leaning in closer. Sehun’s head hit the wall as he felt Chanyeol’s tongue drag up from the base tip, the wet heat of the other’s mouth engulfing the head of his cock. Sehun’s hand tangled into the hazel locks of hair, tightening his grip when Chanyeol swirled his tongue around the tip teasingly. He pressed his tongue to the underside of Sehun’s dick as he took more of the length into his mouth, letting the hand that wasn't gripping the other’