day after he learns the truth about his father, Kaldur sits on the couch in the cave with Zatanna, her hand wrapped tightly around both of his; the tears shed that day are never going to be revealed to anyone else. 

#16 - Need 

With the news of his father's identity revealed, Kaldur needs his team more than ever, and he is increasingly grateful for their presence. 

#17 - Vision 

The sight of Roy walking into their headquarters and agreeing to be part of their team is something that Kaldur has wanted for a long time. 

#18 - Attention 

Roy has been called a variety of things by Kaldur's king and Kaldur knows that all of those things may be true, but Roy's devotion is equally as strong as any of those negative traits.

#19 - Soul 

Sometimes, Kaldur listens to the concept of the afterlife that Wally's people believe in and it is not his place to tell Wally that those beliefs are foolish, but it is his place as friend - if not as leader - to kiss Wally soundly enough that Wally knows that nothing that feels this good and right could ever be considered a sin by any truly loving and benevolent deity. 

#20 - Picture 

The day after Artemis joins, Robin snaps a photograph of them and M'gann insists that it is Earth tradition to place it on the refrigerator; years after the first line-up change, the photo remains, faded and worn, as a testament to the first true line-up of their team. 

#21 - Fool 

There had been plenty of warning signs pointing to the mole's identity; Kaldur sits alone on the beach and watches as the waves roll out and back in, wondering how he could have ever have been such a fool. 

#22 - Mad 

"But I like when you get angry," Robin says, as his teeth tug at Kaldur's bottom lip.

#23 - Child 

The League considers them children, unable to understand what their sex games mean; alone together, Kaldur, M'gann and Conner give each other the permission to do anything that they please, and the League will never have a say in what roles any of them play. 

#24 - Now 

Once, Kaldur had believed that Atlantis and the surface world could not be compatible - a thought that seems ridiculous as he watches Tula instruct Robin in the proper way to pleasure an Atlantean female. 

#25 - Shadow 

Sometimes, Gotham is too much for the youngest of the team, and on those days, Kaldur is content to cuddle on the couch next to Robin; he does not mind the smell of the popcorn nearly as much on those days.

#26 - Goodbye 

When he is in Atlantis, his dreams are of the surface world; when he is in the surface world, his dreams are of Atlantis. 

#27 - Hide 

"You have hidden from us in the surface world for far too long," Tula chides, and her lips along his gills make it impossible to properly respond. 

#28 - Fortune 

"It is fortunate you can use those acrobat skills underwater as well as you can in the sky," Kaldur murmurs quietly along a wet mass of leg muscles that feel as hard as iron. 

#29 - Safe 

Each time the team leaves the cave, Kaldur worries that one of them will not make it back safely; Batman tells him that is the burden of responsibility and Black Canary tells him that the worry will fade in time, but neither answer is one that Kaldur is looking for. 

#30 - Ghost 

His nightmare is always the same: Artemis' death, replayed, with each of his teammates in her place, and with him as helpless as he was the first time he watched her die. 

#31 - Book 

As ridiculous as he finds The Little Mermaid, he does admit to gathering each book he can find about mermaids; each of them make it clear that nobody in the surface world who has ever actually met a mermaid has recorded those interactions. 

#32 - Eye 

Kaldur is prepared to spend the rest of his life watching Dr. Fate use his body to save others; when Zatanna's father takes over the helmet, Kaldur wishes he had clung a little tighter to Dr. Fate. 

#33 - Never 

"Do you think you could come back here to stay?" Garth asks, and Kaldur truly regrets that he cannot give the answer that Garth is searching for. 

#34 - Sing 

"The way you're looking at me, you'd think you'd never heard a robin sing before," Robin says, moments after his orgasmic shouting has subsided and Kaldur has no choice but to kiss Robin again, to stall the terrible word play.

#35 - Sudden 

Lian is a sudden, but very welcome, addition to their routine. 

#36 - Stop 

Artemis, M'gann and Zatanna are determined to be Lian's favorite aunt, and it is a competition that Kaldur finds as endearing as Roy finds it annoying. 

#37 - Time 

When Mia, Bart and Jason come to take Artemis, Wally and Dick's place, Kaldur wonders when his team had ever been