the butt of the jokes. What if he had gotten lost on the dark Brooklyn street, or fallen into an asthma attack along the way from the cold weather? He wouldn't have anyone there to rub his back or help him breathe through it. Not until it was far too late.

Bucky felt his body give a sudden, sharp jerk. It lessened into shivers that manifested in his arms which tried to keep him upright despite all his movement. Steve could be in trouble and the mere thought had almost ripped him from his spot.

"Don't lose it now, Bucky!" Sebastian shouted. "You're only two minutes away from beating Saul's record!"

"Be quiet," Paul implored.

But something in Bucky told him to drop down off his hands and go to Steve. It was only a short walk from here to the Rogers' building and Steve was on the first floor, his window facing out into the street. It wouldn't take long for him to go and check to make sure Steve was tucked into bed like he should be, sleeping soundly until his mom walked home from work.

This is a stupid game anyhow, he reminded himself. He didn't need to prove himself by standing on his hands in the dirty street in the middle of the night like the other boys did. Two minutes, though, he thought. Two minutes and I'll beat Saul Jacobs.

Still, something told him to run to Steve. There was nothing he wanted more than to have him next to him, to feel his hand in his even though Steve always complained Bucky didn't need to hold his hand through life, or take care of him when he was sick, or any of it. Bucky knew that. He knew that if God had blessed Steve with a healthy body, there wouldn't be anything he couldn't do. He did everything he did because he knew being with Steve and looking after him was good for him. He needed Steve. With Steve around, Bucky knew he could do this hand stand long into the morning, arms never getting tired as long as Steve sat beside him, keeping him company and waxing poetic about all the things they would be able to do when they were older.

Bucky thought often about how the way he felt about Steve wasn't the normal way friends felt about each other. He didn't know if he knew anyone, kid or adult, that felt for someone how he felt for Steve. It was bone deep and until the end of the line, which was why imagining Steve, gasping and cold and alone in some alley down the way was terrifying enough for Bucky to squeeze his eyes shut and curse lowly. His arms shook dangerously.

"One minute," Saul announced, defeat already set into his tone. "I can't believe this."

The yowl of a cat made all in attendance jump as it streaked across the empty street, disappearing into the shadows. Many of them were now starting to realize they should be home and in bed lest they want their hides tanned later on, but none wanted to miss street history being made. Bucky felt his arms tremble and not just from hoisting up over a hundred pounds of preteen for nearly half an hour. The picture of Steve dead and breathless was still with him and as he shuffled a few inches to the right he realized he was scared. Not of losing, or of being found out by Mrs. Rogers on her way home from the hospital, but of something happening to Steve. The very thought terrified him and he wasn't sure if he had really been scared of anything before this.

"Thirty seconds," Saul said, his voice breaking sharply through the silence. The other boys had quieted and were watching in awe as the legend of Bucky Barnes got even more incredible.

"How do you do it, Bucky?" Paul asked, reverence in his voice. "You were completely solid until a second ago. Saul was dripping sweat by this point." The others, minus Saul, nodded.

"I'm not as fat as Saul," Bucky joked, trying to hide his exhaustion and illogical fear behind bravado and snark. They all, minus Saul, chuckled at this.

Saul began a paced, heavy hearted countdown: "Ten seconds, nine seconds…"

Steve may need me, Bucky worried. He noticed that his heart had begun to beat rapidly. I should run to him.

"-Two, one! You did it, Bucky!" Sebastian screeched from where he had taken up the countdown over Saul's shoulder. The two jumped to their feet, the others quickly gathering around them on the sidewalk. "That's amazing, Buck! You-"

Bucky threw himself down, crashing bodily into a trash can, the racket creating such a panic amongst their group that Harry and Paul immediately booked it in the direction of their own building, leaving the others behind crowding Bucky as he struggled to stand.

"What's the matter with you, Barnes?" Finn hissed, "Are you trying to wake up the whole neighborhood