been trying to earn it since I turned 17.'

'I also happen to be 17, Toria, unless you realized.'

'Look James,' Toria spoke matter-of-factly. 'My father is a magizoologist who happens to be responsible for one of the few Snidget sanctuaries around the world and he breeds Hippogriffs and Thestrals for racing, a tradition that goes a long way back in our family. I learned everything I know from him and I have an outstanding O.W.L in Care of Magical Creatures. I am sure you understand that I have just a little bit of an edge over you in this particular matter.'

'Show-off,' Sirius muttered.

'Can't you teach him?' Lily asked loudly as Toria opened her mouth with a comeback.

Toria considered this idea for a while.

'I, um, I suppose,' she said finally looking at Lily's pleading eyes. 'But you'll have to come over to my place to get your Snidget.' She looked at James this time.

'Why can't you train me here?' asked James curiously.

'Oh, I will train you here, but these birds are very delicate creatures. I can't just send you one with owl post now, can I? Also, Snidgets have a hard time trusting people. You have to allow them to get used to your presence before you can take one with you. And even then I can't guarantee you'll be able to have a license.'

'Sounds like a lot of work,' said Peter.

'Well, it is.' Toria nodded smiling. 'You still want one?'

'Yea!' he said boldly. 'It would be awesome to have my own Golden Snidget.'

Lily suddenly gasped.

'You can come to Toria's over the Christmas holiday this year and we'll get to spend it together!' She squeezed James' arm enthusiastically.

'I guess I'll be spending Christmas alone with Mr. and Mrs. Black then?' asked Sirius grumpily.

'Don't be ridiculous Sirius, you can come too,' said Lily then added unsurely, looking at Toria, 'He can, right?'

Sirius looked at Toria incredulously.

'Of course, you can Black,' Toria said sincerely.

'How about you Peter?' asked Lily as Remus Zoe and Georgie came back into the compartment.

'What about Peter?' asked Remus, sitting down next to him.

'We'll be at Toria's for Christmas this year apparently,' said James grinning.

Georgie and Zoe cheered.

'What?' Remus sounded alarmed. 'That may not be a great idea for me.'

James and Sirius looked at each other for a moment. Peter counted something using his fingers.

'Oh,' said James suddenly sounding serious. 'that's right. We cannot go anywhere this Christmas.'

'Why not?' Georgie looked confused.

'We have plans.' said Sirius simply.

'Damn. I really wanted that Snidget.'

'They know about the Golden Snidget?' asked Zoe.

'Lily told James,' Toria explained.

They all stared outside the window for a while silently. Night had started to fall as stars blinked now and then on the sky. They must have been getting close.

'You should go,' said Remus. 'I'll stay.'

'I'll stay with Remus,' said Peter. 'My parents don't allow me to spend Christmas apart from at Hogwarts or at home anyway.'

'No,' said James sternly. 'We're not going without you.'

'Why can't you come Remus?' insisted Georgie.

Toria noticed Lily had been unusually silent recently.

'You know why,' said Toria. 'Don't you Lily?'

'Yes,' she said thoughtfully. 'It wouldn't be a problem Remus,' she added kindly.

Remus shook his head.

'It's too dangerous.'

'You can trust them,' Lily assured looking straight in Remus' eyes. 'I  didn't tell them because you asked me not to but believe me, you have nothing to be afraid of. I know them, you know them.'

Remus looked at James, Sirius and Peter in turn, asking for support.

'It's your decision mate,' said Sirius patting him on the shoulder.

James nodded approvingly.

Silent fell again as Remus rubbed his chin nervously. After what seemed like forever, he took a deep breath.

'Okay,' he murmured, looking intently in their eyes. 'I'll tell you.'

He cleared his throat.

'I-I am a lycanthrope.'

I hope you enjoyed the new chapter, comments are wildly appreciated!

I'm sorry it's been a long time since I posted the last chapter but I had midterms unfortunately.

Also there has been no comments for the previous chapters so please, if you read it leave a review. It won't take much of your time and will very much help me!

Anyway, enjoy! :)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


CHAPTER THREE: INTO THE