, too. 

“Well,” She says, bringing more cake to her lips and licking the fork clean. “I knew her family was full of addicts. Serves her right.”

Sabrina’s smile is like the blooming flowers her daddy keeps on her office, and her laughter is like the sweet chords of her violin. 

“How could you have known?”

“Oh, I smelt it on her. Rancid, putrid smell I tell you. Almost as bad as that horrendous outfit of hers.”

Sabrina giggles, and Chloe smiles, watches how the color spreads with a different kind of warmth across her cheeks and down her face. There is a lot of potential hiding under the anxiety and the nervousness, secrets hiding under a clear summer sky and framed by thick brown eyelashes. Sabrina hides steel under silk, strength under lumpy and hideous sweaters. 

She steals Sabrina’s strawberry and laughs at her indignant squawk. She lets Sabrina steal the last chocolate chip on her plate on retaliation, the drags Sabrina back up to the pool to show her just how much better life is when you are at the top. 

Whoever Sabrina Raincomprix is, she has captured Chloe’s attention and by God, she would figure her out. 

*

Her daddy doesn’t have time to tell her that he loves her, but he has time to investigate the only friendship Chloe manages to have. He sends her family a box of the most expensive chocolates he can get his hands on and a short note thanking them for taking care of his daughter. 

Chloe doesn’t know how he finds out, but she doesn’t particularly care. At least it shows he cares. 

Sabrina can’t stop stuttering after it, talking about how her dad was floored and how her mom was so grateful. She enjoyed the chocolates so Chloe buys her three more boxes and forces her to take them home. 

“From a friend to a friend.” She wraps a ribbon around the boxes and adds a tiny note with her name on it written with flourish. “Don’t bother on thanking me.”

Sabrina is blushing and stammering by the time she is done.

“But I have nothing to give you Chloe!”

“Then you will just have to be my servant forever.”

“What but---Chloe!” Sabrina swats at her and Chloe laughs, loudly and uglier than she would have ever done in public.

*

Sabrina does give her something, for all that it is worth

She gives her company, a small ocean to wade through when her world is overwhelming. She gives her smiles that shine like the sun, that carry no other intention than to share her joy. She gives her hugs that wrap around her like sunlight on a cold winter day, that warm her heart and her soul. She gives her someone to talk to, someone who will listen to her even if there are more important things to do.  She gives her laughter, one that makes her belly ache and her heart burst. 

Sabrina gives her friendship, no strings attached, not one condition for her affection. 

And for Chloe, whose world is full of secrets and alliances that break as soon as they are formed, that means so much more than whatever expensive gifts she could give her. 

*

Her daddy is a very important man, and very important men have to show other men just how important they are. 

So, her daddy throws the most lavishing parties, where only the most powerful and rich people are invited. He hires the best cooks, uses the best silverware, hires the most sought out artists and pays the most exclusive decorators. The Bourgeois balls are a thing of legends, and something that has been happening ever since her great-great-great-great grandfather came into power. Before she was born, the balls used to happen at least four times a year, one for every occasion her father considered relevant. One for his birthday, one for her mother’s birthday, one for the day they met and one for the day they married. 

She’s heard they were incredible romantic. 

She wouldn’t know. She never saw them happen. 

(She doubts that she’ll ever see it happen.)

After she is born and after her mother is gone, her daddy throws a ball twice each year. Never on her birthday, of course, never when her mom’s departure weighted on her father the most. But there are two balls, one for the winter and one for the summer, and Chloe is always dressed and styled to be the prettiest princess in the ball.
They curl her hair and her eyelashes, clothe her on gold and diamonds, cover her feet with slippers that are worth more than a newborn child. They place her strategically on the center of the room, where she can hold court but be controlled should she get out of hand. She smiles and she laughs and she twirls with the grace of a fairy, and smiles the widest when her daddy places a tiara on her head. 

Is one of the few times she sees him during the night. 

Their guests are invited to bring their kids with them, but few of them do