and pointing. “Bat?”

                “N-No, it’s not a baseball bat.” Uh-oh, I mustn’t give the kids the wrong idea, this is dangerous in the wrong hands. “Wolf, help me out?”

                Wolfram shrugs, and crouches down into position next to the pail.

                “Okay, kids. Papa swings—like this—” It’s a different swing than I’m used to, but I still feel the satisfying ‘thunk’ of the wood hitting the flour. “And then your Ma—Daddy adds the water, to soften the mixture up a bit.”

                “Don’t make it sound so simple!” Wolf scolds. “There’s a technique in adding the water, you must fold it gently, like folding a beloved baby into its blankets, like this—”

                Wolf, what did my mother teach you?

                Soon we established a good rhythm, between my swings and his folding. It was hard work, and I was sweating before I knew it, but somehow it was satisfying, working with my husband like that and our kids watching. Once we slowed down for a break, Wolf made a big fuss about how sweaty I’ve gotten, and how the sweat might get into the mixture. He scolded me a lot, but even while he scolded me he took out his handkerchief to wipe my forehead.

                I couldn’t help but pull him close and peck him on the cheek for that.

                “Eeww!” Shinri giggles hysterically. Greta has reached the age where she just shakes her head, sighs and covers her baby brother’s eyes.

                “Ahem!” I clear my throat and wait for the blush in my cheeks to recede. “Alright, anyone else want to try?”

                This time Greta raises her hand just as quickly as her little brother.

                “I can pound, and Shinri can—”

                “No way, that’s too dangerous,” Wolf cuts in before I can say anything. Well, that’s what I wanted to say anyway. “I’ll hold the hammer and you two can take turns with the water. Don’t worry, Daddy won’t hurt your hands.”

                You spoke so fast because you wanted to try out the pestle, didn’t you!?

                But when Wolf lifted the heavy kine with only one hand like it was his sword, even I had to bow my head in shame.

 

“Okay, so now how do we eat these things?”

                After the steam cleared, the four of us are left staring at the huge tray of mochi balls.

                “Hmm, we can eat them like this, or make them into soup, or… I know!”

                I quickly ask for a handful of skewers from the kitchen maids. “We put three—no, four of them on each stick, and eat them like that!”

                “Why four?” Greta asks, cocking her head.

               “Hehe, one for each member of the family.” I know I must have a silly smile on my face right now, but I can’t help it. My little family has grown. It’s been a good year.

                “One… for family…” Shinri takes his skewer from me and stares at the steaming dango. And before any of us can stop him, he’s grabbed another mochi and clumsily stuck it onto the skewer.

                “Shin--!” Wolf grabs his hand, but when he sees those bright red fingers, he panics a little and looks to me, completely at a loss.

                Ah, I’ve never seen him this scared before. Is this what they mean by ‘concern messes the heart’?

                “Shinri, come here.” Compared to Wolf, I’m surprisingly a lot calmer. “Does it hurt?”

                We’re all even more surprised when he shakes his head. And true enough, by the time I take his hand carefully in mine, the red has receded. As for the boils and blisters I expected, there’s not even a hint.

                I breathe a sigh of relief. Though I know that between baseball and sword practice, a boy’s hands will most likely end up as calloused as mine, I would still rather he keep his smooth baby’s hands for a while longer.

                “But still, that was dangerous! What were you thinking!?”

                Wolf looks like he was going to say something, but decides against it. After all, I rarely scold my children.

                “Five.” He holds up his skewer, the last dango clumsily stuffed on top. “For Godfather.”

               

“Smart kid.”

                Josak leans against the wall, hidden in the shadows of the corner from where the royal family is having their little activity. “Reckon he knows you’re here? Even his parents didn’t notice.”

                “Well, we knew from the start that the child is not normal.” The young Sage’s eyes are, once again, hidden by the light reflected off his glasses. But there is no mistaking that smile. “By the way, shouldn’t you be with your family too?”

                Josak shrugged. “