at her and her sincere face before he sighed again.

“I’m only agreeing because you’re threatening me and Ashton.” He said defeatedly. She shrieked in excitement and got up from her seat. She quickly made her way around Luke’s large desk and placed herself on his lap, throwing her arms around his neck. He cringed at the intimate position. His lap was saved for only one person and one person only. 

“You won’t regret this Lukey!” After she hugged him, she stood up from his lap and started making her way towards the door. “I have to go do an interview now and announce our marriage, but I’ll see you later for dinner.” 

“You’re actually Satan…” Luke muttered under his breath. Lia turned around to look at him.

“Actually prefer to be called ‘ruler of all things evil’.” She said with a devilish smirk, and on that note, she bounced out of his office happily. Once he heard the loud slam of the door shut, the blond immediately hit his head against his desk with only one person on his mind: Ashton. 

What the hell is he going to do now?

Here’s a short but pretty eventful chapter lol. Made Lia say my favorite Addison quote ever because that just had to happen. Welp don’t forget to leave comments! Much love to you all!!-jessica xx

Ps: comment some super obnoxious petnames for Luke (i.e. lukeypie, lukeykins) they’re for future chapters ((((((^;


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

(unedited)

From: lia bitchersonIf you tell anyone about our talk and ‘my threat’ I wont hesitate to go through with it if I find out

Luke looked at the text and sighed frustratedly. He shoved his phone in his pocket before walking out of his office to make his way toward the kitchen. Bitch could use a chocolate milk right about now. As he was making his way up the stairs, his arm was suddenly grabbed and he was pulled down a hallway. After he shook the initial shock from being yanked, he realized the he was being pulled into an empty studio by Ashton. 

“Woah-- princess, what are you--” He was immediately shut up by a pair of lips covering his own. He felt his body being pressed against the wall by the brunet’s slightly smaller one before he lightly pushed him off. “Ash, calm down.”

“Come on Luke, I’m on break and we haven’t done this in like two days.” Ashton began to unbuckle the blond’s belt. Luke let out a shaky sigh, trying to figure out if he should just let Ashton continue or stop him immediately. After a very hard decision, he decided to do what was right and grab Ashton’s hands in his own preventing him from unbuttoning his jeans. Ashton looked at him with a confused expression. “Why are you making me stop?”

Luke groaned internally. Ashton never initiated anything. Of course the day where he had to end things is the day that Ashton finally initiated starting something first. Of fuckin course. After his mini rant session to God in his head, Luke finally looked back at the brunet who still wore a confused expression on his face. He felt Ashton’s soft hands against his own and saw how his beautiful hazel eyes glowed in dimly lit studio and the way his honey coloured curls fell perfectly over his forehead, but still slightly messy from the small make out session he tried to have. Luke swallowed his saliva. This was going to be a lot harder than he thought. Luke looked back down. He couldn’t look Ashton in the eyes and tell him what he had to say.

“I don’t think we should continue this.” Luke finally said. 

“Continue what? Do you mean we should do this later because we totally can do this later.” Ashton said with a confused tone. Luke shook his head.

“Continue us.” The blond let out, his blue eyes continuing to stare at their feet. He felt Ashton rip his hands out of his grip. “Because it’s not any good for my reputation that I’m seeing one of my interns. And I don’t think that you going out with your boss is any good for yours either.”

“O-oh.” Ashton let out a shaky breath “Yeah, sure okay.” He heard the brunet’s hurt tone. He looked up to see Ashton looking everywhere except him.

“I mean we can still hang out and be friends and stuff.” Luke mentioned. He saw Ashton nod.

“Yeah, yeah, of course.” Ashton said softly. He didn’t know why he was so surprised that Luke ended it. Luke was this rich head of this huge, famous record label and well, he was just an intern. Ashton sighed before putting a fake smile on his face and looking back up at Luke. “Well, I’ll just go grab lunch with Cal and Michael then. I’ll see you around.” And before