very hard dick, it was like going to bang from being hard that much.
The curly guy grabbed his keys from his pocket while holding Zayn tightly from his throat, didn’t give any chance him to escape. Zayn was trying hard but it was not enough, escape from a boxer guy would never be enough. He would always catch him, wherever he is. 
As the guy opened the door, he pushed Zayn to the inside and locked the door very firstly just to take some measures. “It looks like you don’t have any other choice now.” He smirked to Zayn, who is on the floor, looking at the guy deeply in the eyes. He shook his head and got up. There was no way in the hell that he was going to have sex with this guy tonight. No, it was never going to happen. Not even a chance, he thought.
“Just warning you; keep your hands to yourself or I swear to God, I’m going to fucking kill you. Don’t ever touch me again!” Zayn said as he walked towards the front door which the curly guy is in front of now. He wasn’t going to spend his whole night here, being stuck with that monster that looks like a normal person.
“Oh, how funny you are! Stay right there and don’t move. Or I’ll punch at you which I’d like to, also not. Whatever, it’s your choice.” The guy rolled his eyes, looking surprised a bit by Zayn’s behavior at the same time. He wasn’t expecting this that Zayn would try to escape, because it sounds so stupid that it’s killing the guy from laughing deadly.
“You’re the funny one, man. It’s not going to happen. No way in the hell! Now, open that door or I’ll be the one who punch someone.” Zayn protest the guy’s idea, wanted to punch at his face so he could see bruises and it would make him proud of himself.
The guy sighed. “Come on! Let’s go to my room. Or would you rather to get fucked against a cold wall? Everything is fine with me. I just want the best for you.” He winked at Zayn, causing him to jump of what he had just heard. He opened his eyes widely, it was like someone is making fun of him, Niall or Louis and it was getting tiring anymore, didn’t feel like to be a part of it.
“It’s a joke, right? By Niall, or Louis. Oh my god! I just can’t stand more of it. I want to go home, right now!” Zayn reached out for the keys from the Curly’s pocket, the curly grabbed his wrist firmly, made him moan in a pain again. And it was getting more painful every time when it happens. 
“I like when you moan, Zayn.” The guy said as he got Zayn from his waist and tugged his chest to his own. They both could feel their breaths while they locked their eyes with other one and it ended so quick with Zayn shaking his head for one more time, trying to push the guy to get away from him, too away, so he couldn’t touch him again, ever.
“I can’t stand more of it, That’s enough!” Zayn shouted angrily, the situation was driving him crazy.
“No! That’s enough of you. I tolerated too much. Now, you’re coming with me!” The guy started to lug him again to upstairs. He was so strong that Zayn couldn’t resist it, not anymore.
They stepped inside of the room and the curly guy shut the door harshly to make Zayn jumps once again.
“Undress yourself now, or I’ll make you!”

I'm sorry if I have any mistakes. It's not my native language..so you know. Let me know what you think, yeah? It'd be so helpful to me. Thank yoou!

You can also find it on Wattpad:

http://www.wattpad.com/story/30118385-distances-zarry


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Chapter 2 Zayn wasn't sure how he was feeling like. Was it a pain? If it is, of what? It didn't take him too long to figure it out when he opened his eyes and saw a body next to him. He spent his whole night having sex with a strange guy in his bed. When Zayn threw the blanket on him, the guy next to him turned Zayn's side with his wide open ocean eyes. "Good morning, beauty." "Oh my god!" was the first thing that got out of Zayn's mouth. "Oh my god! I can't believe it." "You can't believe what?" The guy was smiling like nothing happened, he was pretty calm and annoying. Zayn couldn