happened today, he is even more on edge than he was yesterday. Waiting for death is apparently easier than suddenly staring life in the face. He has no home, next to no wardrobe to speak of, and while he can consider himself lucky that he does have a job and an adequate amount of money at his disposal, he is not entirely sure how he is supposed to go about creating a new life for himself.

Additionally, the silence of the room unnerves him. He is used to the din of the clink, men laughing and screaming in the middle of the night, and one particularly sadistic guard randomly rattling on the inmates’ doors at 4 AM, apparently thinking that they had given up their right to sleep when they had committed their crimes.

He sits down on the bed, crossing his legs, and attempts to meditate in order to calm his troubled thoughts. If he was able to mentally escape the fact that he was sitting on death row before, forgetting about being in a hotel room should be child’s play, after all.

Except it is not. After half an hour, he gives up, letting his upper body fall on the bed. He needs something else to occupy his thoughts if he is going to try and sleep tonight, and he knows that he should, really – his situation will hardly be any easier to sort out if he is dead on his feet tomorrow.

Suddenly, inspiration strikes. 

Life in jail was one of being monitored 24/7, particularly for the murderers on death row, and while Simon was not a person to be overly concerned with his wardens seeing him change from his prison orange into his suit, or even with them witnessing his use of the toilet, there was one thing he has never even considered doing while in jail. Knowing himself in utter privacy for the first time in seven years, however, finally makes it possible for him to consider jerking off.

He undresses and takes himself in hand, performing a few perfunctory strokes, but feels nothing in the way of enticement. His cock stays stubbornly flaccid, as well. 

Simon thinks this new problem over for a bit, then rolls his eyes at himself. What he needs is an inspiration, a fantasy. How imbecilic of him to even forget how to get off by himself, if only temporarily!

His first mental image is that of a blonde model-type woman, but since her face stays stubbornly blank in his mind’s eye, generic clearly does not work. He alters the phantasm, shortening her physical stature, changing her hair color, willing a face into being – and finds himself confronted with a sultrily-smiling Athena Cykes.

At first, he is taken aback by his random focus on the young woman he has given up so much for, but when he considers the matter for a moment from a psychological standpoint, it all makes sense: These days, she is the only living female he knows better than just by a passing glance, other than his sister, and to be entirely honest with himself, his first thought upon seeing her in court for the first time after seven long years was that she has grown up to be beautiful. And really, it is not like she will ever find out that she now has the honor of joining his very short list of sexual fantasies (current population: 1).

Simon mentally undresses Athena slowly, finally feeling his cock twitch with interest when he imagines her breasts. Once again, his fingers curl around his shaft, moving back and forth while he imagines himself kissing her. His mental projection reaches for his member, causing him to tighten his grip, a first sigh escaping him unnoticed.

Imaginary Athena strokes him, looking up at him with adoration, and then she sinks to her knees and begins to shyly kiss his tip.

Simon draws in a shuddering breath as his hand leaves his cock. He lifts it to his mouth, licking his palm until it feels sufficiently moist to mimic his fantasy’s oral attention, and then once again grasps himself.

Imaginary Athena is now taking as much of him as she can into her plush, wet mouth, sucking softly at first, then switching to using the oh-so-clever tip of her tongue to draw random, maddening designs on the sensitive underside of his cock before beginning to bob her head.

Simon’s eyes clench shut as his wrist moves faster and his mouth falls open with a suppressed moan.

Suddenly, imaginary Athena decides to reach up with one of her hands and fondle his balls, gently tugging and squeezing just enough that it registers as pleasurable.

Mirroring this takes Simon a moment of coordination in order to not let go of his member, but at last he manages to pay attention to his scrotum without losing the rhythm of his strokes. His torso is beginning to lift itself off the bed in ecstatic tension, and it is becoming harder and harder to make sure that the other hotel guest will not be privy to the moans welling up in his throat in spite of the comparatively thick walls.

Imaginary Athena, the little minx, is not yet out of ideas, however. She lets go of