first before I croak.”

                Julie turned away her head and smiled bitterly. This cousin of hers, sometimes he was terrifyingly sharp, and at other times he was still just a child.

                “You’re a bane to women everywhere.”

                First his sister, now her… None of the women around him were going to go anywhere while he was still around, and it was all his fault, whether he meant it or not. Thank goodness Greta-neesan escaped while she still could.

                “I take offense to that. I’m the perfect gentleman.”

                “On the surface, maybe. I feel bad for His Majesty and Uncle Wolfram. I bet they still don’t know where they went wrong.” She got to her feet, brushing the hay off her legs.

                “You know Dad doesn’t like you calling him His Majesty any more than he likes your father doing it.”

                “At least I can say I got it from my father. The only thing you got from His Majesty is his black hair.” She walked steadily towards the barn door, drawing her sword. “Stay right there, you hear me?”

                At times like this, her tongue could be as sharp as her mother’s, but the shape of her back looked exactly like Lord Conrart Weller. It was a back meant to be looked up to, one that protected.

                Outside the barn, the village was under siege.

                It seemed like a herd of mountain boar had descended on the village like a plague. Julie had seen this species in Lady Anissina’s textbooks, and knew that they were generally peaceful, but those tusks could do some real damage when they panicked. Already some of the men in the village were being pulled away from the scene, their sides gored and bloody.

                Julie frowned, ever so slightly. She never had maryoku, or the deft hands and patience required for learning medicine. What she did have, however, was the sword in her hand.

                It was unfortunate, but the boars were already half-crazed and frothing at the mouth. At least the villagers wouldn’t have to worry about meat for a few months.

                The young half-human, half-mazoku girl who just turned sixteen that day, began a one-sided massacre in a foreign country. Her ponytail, now more brown than orange, was all her prey could see before their eyes went dark. Her own eyes were ones used to, over the generations, striking fear on the battlefield. But her fighting stance was firmer than her mother’s, and more flexible than her father’s. It was strange, but it was always when she fought like this that Shinri, watching calmly from behind the barn doors, remembered that she was a girl after all.

                It was like a dance, but also like the determined march of a seasoned soldier, advancing forth through enemy ranks to protect those behind.

                The villagers were her awestruck audience, their screams of fear and chaos dying down completely as one by one she pierced the boars cleanly through their skulls. To them she must have looked like an angel of death. Shinri knew that deep down, she never liked killing like this, even if her victims were animals and not human. Her heart had always been soft, just as her sword had always been heartless.

                When the last of the boars fell with a frustrated roar, she swung the blood off her sword and released a long breath. The first of the villagers had only begun to cheer, however, before she raised her sword again.

                “It’s not over.”

                The two cousins spoke in unison, though only those closest to Julie could hear her, and no one paid any attention to Shinri at all. Both of them grew up on Anissina’s textbooks, after all, so they both knew—

                These boars were generally peaceful, but they were particularly terrified of fire.

                There hadn’t been any signs of a forest fire, and one lone torch or campfire would have scared some, but not the entire herd. Which meant—

                Julie tightened her grip around her sword as the first flashes of steel reflecting firelight appeared from between the trees.

                Bandits.

                “Well, at least this isn’t boring,” Julie muttered under her breath. And then, at the top of her voice, “Everyone, get inside and lock the doors! Especially you, cousin!”

                The ghost of a smile that was playing on Shinri’s lips turned to a grimace. He had thick skin, but even he had to blush when the eyes of an entire village of strangers bore into him with sympathy and contempt. One of the younger boys even turned his nose up at him, “Shame on you, having a girl protect you.”

                Idiot, Shinri smiled as a vein throbbed in his temple. She’s protecting all of us, which includes you.

                He had half a mind to throw the brat out into the battle, especially seeing the villagers’ hesitation. It was only natural, since anyone with a brain and a semi-decent heart wouldn’t feel good about leaving a young girl alone to