body ”Michael will not stand a chance.”
“You can only say that because you don't know Sam.”

Lucifer's eyes gained a curious spark and he slightly tilted his head “And you do? I assume you both have met then? Tell me Gabriel.” He then patted beside him like he was trying to persuade a child to listen to an exiting story.
Instead Gabriel sat down on the bed across the room and looked at Lucifer. He had to get his head straight, he was making a fool out of himself. He was a mighty archangel and pagan god so he should damn well act like one. This was a fight not a friendly visit. So he started explaining.

“The first time we met was by accident actually. He and Dean were hunting and investigating strange deaths, what they did not know it was me. They soon figured out I was a trickster. They staked and supposedly killed me.”
Lucifer grinned at that and looked honestly amused. After all it was him who taught Gabriel how to be a trickster, how to prank people and be overall mischievous.
Gabriel ignored it.

“The second time was a few months before they opened your cage. Again Dean and Sam were hunting and again the were investigating a death I had caused but they did not know it. I played a trick on Sam, I tried to teach him a lesson. I tried to make him understand that he could not safe Dean from going to hell. He just refused to listen to reason. What I am saying is Lucifer he will not say yes to you. He his the most righteous human I ever met and full of kindness and warmth and” Gabriel stopped himself instantly. He had started rambling. That was not good, he wanted to sound reasonable and clinical, simply stating facts. Lucifer could not know how much Sam meant to him.

“Sounds like fun. I'm sad I missed that” was his reply accompanied by a small chuckle. “But you sound awfully sure of you assessment about Sam Winchester. Be assured that I, as you surely know, can be extremely convincing. No need to fear Gabriel, I will have my vessel and defeat Micheal.”

Gabriel sighed. Lucifer did not understand what he was saying.
“You did not understand me. The Winchester brothers are two dumb ass stubborn people. I killed Dean over and over again for a good year but Sam refused to accept it. He tried everything he could think of to safe Dean but when I did not let it go he hunted me down, bargained, begged and fought determined to safe his brother” now Gabriel stood up again, pacing the small room.

“Neither of them will buy whatever crap you and Michael try to sell them. You two just can't get your heads out of your asses long enough to stop underestimating the humans. If there is something they don't want to do, they won't do it.”

“It's them against the rest of heaven, earth and hell they-”

“Don't you think they know that!? They don't fucking care! They will take themselves against the rest of everything in a heart beat. Lucifer I don't care what stupid thing you and Michael want to do to each other, all I'm asking you is to reconsider dragging Sam into your mess.”

Throughout his little speech his voice sounded angrier and angrier, his grace angrily bubbling close beneath the surface. And also Lucifer got visibly irritated with him. He could feel his big brother's grace charging up for a strike.

“He is my true vessel, he belongs to me. It is my right to take what is mine and it is my destiny to fight Michael and kill him. Sam will help me with it if he wants to or not.”

That did it for Gabriel. His grace could simply not be contained after Lucifer referred to his... to Sam as mere possession that could he could treat however he deemed fit. Lucifer had no idea how wrong he was.
Resulting in his grace lashing out so suddenly and so forceful that it not only shattered everything made of glass in the street but also caused a mayor black out in the surrounding 15 blogs and threw Lucifer against the wall. It was almost a miracle that the wall remained intact.

Lucifer was stunned for moment before he stood up, a deep angry crease across his forehead. 

“He is not yours Lucifer, vessel or not. Dad gave them a free will so you cannot just go around like it pleases you! Sam has a strong will and nothing you will do will be able to break it. I will not allow you to do it!” not able to keep his pride from leaking into his voice Gabriel  took a step closer keeping his face a angry mask.

He truly believed that Sam would be able to withstand a lot Lucifer would throw at him but he also knew his brother and in the privacy of his own mind he admitted to himself how terrified he was that he could be wrong and that Lucifer would be able to get Sam to say yes and then Sam would suffer