can see the burning end.

“Oh,” he nods. “Well, goodnight.”

Zayn gives a lame wave and a weak smile as he watches Louis disappear behind their old fence, now crooked and damaged from the harsh winters and heavy rains. He doesn’t want to think about the first time he saw Louis, popped over the top with one tooth missing, but it’s hard not to when the boy he’s looking at is no longer a boy, but a man with a sweater too big and hair that’s too long in the back. He looks good—great, even—and Zayn can’t stand it.

*

Mike Whannel is a big guy—huge, in fact—and he has a good four inches on Zayn (not counting the volume of his hair). Under different circumstances, if Zayn had not been Zayn and Mike had not been Mike, and if he hadn’t needed Zayn’s help passing his trigonometry class, Zayn might have possibly been afraid him. But in the situation that they were in now, Zayn knew he held the upper hand and nothing made him happier than a big, intimidating guy squirming under his boot.

“Malik, come on.”

“No.”

“You know I’m good for it.”

“And you know my prices,” Zayn says casually, as if he and Mike were talking about the weather rather than the homework at hand. “It’s twenty for an A, and this,” he waves the pages he had been hovering over for the past two nights in front of Mike’s face, “is an A. What you have is not a twenty.”

“I’m five short, it’s no big deal! Take the fifteen and we’ll say I owe you one.”

“No. People like you don’t owe people like me anything. It’s the five, or no homework.”

“I don’t have it right now!” Mike says, getting heated. There’s a thin sheen of sweat on his forehead that tells Zayn that he’s close to getting what he wants.

“Mike, I’m doing you a favor, huh? It’s not that hard to crack open your own text book and do the work yourself. It’s not due until tomorrow. You can work on it tonight.”

“You know I have practice, man!”

“I’m sorry, but that’s not my problem.”

“Okay, okay. How about this?” He digs around in his pockets. “The fifteen and a pack of Reds.”

“I don’t smoke Reds.”

“Blacks, then.”

“I only smoke camels.”

“I don’t have those!’

Zayn gives a small shrug, rolling the papers up. It’s all for show. He knows Mike will cave eventually, and he’s learned from the past that the longer he stands there, looking displeased, the more he’s offered.

Mike’s searching Zayn’s eyes, looking for a weakness that they both know he won’t find. “How about the fifteen and the Blacks today? I can bring you the five on Wednesday.”

“Tomorrow.”

“Okay, tomorrow.”

“So, the fifteen, the smokes, and the five. Tomorrow, Mike. Otherwise Miss, uh,” he checks the paper. “Miss Scott will be hearing some news that she won’t be too happy to hear.”

“God dammit, okay.” Mike hands over the money and the pack of cigarettes. “You really know how to bust some balls, Malik.”

“It’s nothing against you, you know that.”

“Yeah, yeah,” he takes the papers.

“What if word got out that I gave you a freebie, huh? What would that do for my rep? People would be trying to bribe their way out of everything.”

“I get it,” Mike says, the slight sound of anger in his voice.

Zayn gives his shoulder a firm pat, smiling the nicest that he can manage so that Mike knows that they’re still open for business when the time comes.

There are a lot of people like Mike in their school, people who would rather buy their way out of any kind of work rather than actually apply themselves. They are the weak links in the small community of Westward High that Zayn latched onto two years ago. When word got out that he had a nearly perfect GPA by the end of his freshman year, more than half of his History class asked for tutoring and for help and Zayn never had the patience for either, but he did have the time to take their work off their hands, and it came as no surprise when he found that he had more clientele than the nearest corner store. Home Depot be damned, Zayn Malik knew how to pay bills without paychecks, and he likes to look at it as his gift to society. Or something like that.

He and Mike go their separate ways when the class bell rings, signaling everyone to get to their