palm rubbing briefly on his crotch but he didn't linger long, just provided enough pressure to satisfy an urge for a fleeting moment. What he'd witnessed via wifi in the past was now unfolding before him in beautiful reality, the intensity much higher though and a hundred times more arousing.

Levi opened himself up on the toy, legs spread and bent at the knee, feet on the bed while his left hand gave slow yet deep pushes, on his back and eyes closed. He didn't allow any concentration, didn't think about what was happening or who he even was. Levi simply felt. His hips rocked in time, toes bunching in the sheets and his free hand gripped at the same crimson cloth, grasping it spasmodically. He knew this toy well, a favourite to start off with and Levi moved with practised motions, reaching that one place which, if treated right, would eventually spell incredible pleasure.

He made soft noises, cracked sighs and moans acting as music to Erwin's ears, a delectable score indeed. Occasionally he would whisper Erwin's name or cry out a little louder, making sure to keep vocal for his enraptured audience. After a certain point though, Levi abandoned himself to lust and uttered sounds purely through enjoyment, no thought process needed.

Erwin also found it impossible to remain silent, murmuring his own encouragement and appreciation through wet lips, words such as 'good boy' and 'that's it' merging with groans and hums of confirmation, his cheeks burning red. He had no idea if Levi could hear him, the blissed out man seeming on another plane of existence entirely but he wouldn't cease, couldn't. Erwin needed Levi to know how much he was gaining from this, how much Levi's actions benefited him, how much he was eternally grateful to just be here.

There was a pause and Levi rubbed a hand across his brow, wiping away sweat and snapping out of his hedonistic trance momentarily, enough time to think about the next move. After all, this was for Erwin. Levi pulled the toy away, sighing at the hollow sensation and he heard a low rumble from the chair - apparently he wasn't the only one feeling empty. He sat up on his knees and looked at Erwin for the first time since starting, heart bursting at how the large man blushed uncontrollably, the way blue eyes flickered down as Erwin struggled to maintain contact.

"Look at me."

"I am."

"I mean properly, Erwin. You have to."

Something in Levi's voice broke and Erwin snapped his gaze up, saw the want turn to joy at having his full attention and he smiled, his stuttering speech bringing no shame.

"Y-you look beautiful, Levi."

He really did. Dishevelled hair, fast breathing, ecstacy in sparkling silver eyes.

"I'm all yours. See?"

Levi licked his thumb, drawing a line from his chin that led down his exposed neck, tracing round nipples and lower still, but he refused to touch his erection. Not yet. Erwin swallowed hard, throat bobbing and dry so he took another swig as Levi hopped off the bed, sprightly and full of energy. He already felt amazing, the stimulation flickering inside of him as years worth of experimentation paid off once more. Levi knew what worked, how to drag himself to the edge and over, time and time again, practised motions now a second nature.

He shuffled through his small suitcase, unwrapping the next prop carefully and he rose, swaying towards Erwin and waving the purple item in slow hypnotic arcs. Erwin gaped, the familiar sight drawing his stare from side to side. This particular one had held him captivated on screen before, a vibrating wand which was apparently an expert at massaging right on the mark and his breath became caught in his chest when Levi dropped to his knees between Erwin's open legs, face inches from his crotch.

"I decided to go straight for this one, Erwin. I know you like watching it."

"Yea…yea I do."

Levi turned, applied a generous amount of lube before reaching round, the large dildo's base held by his heels and he pushed down, taking it all in fluidly with a loud exaggerated groan. Erwin stared closely, leaning forwards as he watched Levi fill himself easily, noted the way strong back muscles tensed and relaxed in a gorgeous display and he let his tongue flick over his bottom lip.

"It feels so good, Erwin…can you imagine…how amazing you'll feel inside of me?"

"I…uhhh…"

"Stretching me Erwin…breaking me…ahhhh fuck…"

He couldn't wait any longer and Levi thumbed the switch, lowest setting bypassed for the medium and a jolt of delight shot from his core to the tips of his fingers, stomach clenching at the powerful vibrations. Erwin could hear the buzz, saw Levi flinch and curl his spine, searching for the perfect position and he realised that he also wanted more.

"Levi…?"

Erwin practically whispered, eyes remaining on a trembling ass even when Levi looked