bridge was burned. And while Genji was trying to start building a new one, the old one could never be revived.

But Zenyatta… Zenyatta had seen him at his absolute worst, filled with anger and disgust and prejudice, and had found something in him worth saving, worth spending hours he should’ve spent recharging ensuring that the one who had become his pupil could ground himself back into the present of cold mountain wind and snow instead of pink cherry blossoms stained red-

Zenyatta had stayed with him, helped him pull out of the tornado of despair and rage he had stood in, and continued to aid him. Genji had helped his master in return, of course – as an Omnic, Zenyatta was in danger of being attacked, and Genji tried (with no small amount of effort) to protect his master. He had helped Zenyatta understand human customs that he may be unfamiliar with, such as make up. He also comforted him when Mondatta was assassinated. They’re more than just master and student at this point; they’re friends, partners, and allies. But Genji respects the roots of the relationship and so continues to call Zenyatta “master”. It appears that the omnic understood, even without Genji explaining it aloud. Well, being with someone for the majority of a handful of years will do that.

But as the missions get more and more dangerous, Genji’s worry increases. More missions are ending with someone in the medbay and one even has Jesse Mcree out for a week as his prosthetic hand recovers from an EMP that shorted out the robotics (luckily, none of the more robotic crew members were nearby at the time, else the medbay would be a lot fuller). Genji is terrified that the one being in his life who has stuck with him through thick and thin will be torn away.

And Iris, that’s a terrifying thought.

 

What Genji eventually comes to realize as he meditates on his fear is that the sentiment is probably shared. Zenyatta has long since taken up the mindset of “you cannot spell pacifist without ‘fist’”, but the two have been in enough spats that Genji knows full well his master worries over him. He’s been injured enough times to know that Zenyatta’s orbs take a little time as they process and convert energy, and that Zenyatta fears that it will be too much time required and not enough time had.

(He will also admit he’s not the most cautious of people. With the exception of his shuriken, all of his weapons are melee weapons, and even then the shuriken can be melee as well. Zenyatta has legitimate concerns about his safety because of this.)

He doesn’t ask. He’s not entirely sure how to. Well, tactically. He could go up and ask Zenyatta “Are you as terrified as I am about losing you during these missions because honestly every time we step out of transport it almost paralyzes me” and probably receive an honest answer but uh… yeah. Tact. Tact was good and needed because wow that sounds awful even in his head and wait shit he was meditating god damn it he hasn’t been this distracted since he first started and

“Genji?”

It was futile to hope that Zenyatta didn’t notice Genji’s wandering thoughts. Genji had hoped the other would overlook it, but even that was a stretch.

“I am fine, Master. My thoughts got away from me for a moment.”

If Zenyatta had more than one facial expression, Genji knew he would be getting the most unimpressed stare. It was still conveyed rather well.

Genji fidgeted, fingers tangling with his ribbon out of nervous habit. Zenyatta waited, as per usual. Zenyatta could wait for rocks to weather if that was how long Genji took to find his words.

It stung his pride a bit, but Genji knew he would have to speak his thoughts eventually, so he might as well do it now. “I’m… scared, Master. That one day… after one of these missions-” Genji sucked in a breath, trying to stave of the frustrated tears he felt building, “-it will be you in the medbay- and- and that there… won’t be anything… anything…” Genji gasped as the tears slipped unbidden, unseen, but still known. He could feel the panic coming; now that’s he’s said it aloud, it’ll come true, and he can’t help but to see wires and parts strewn about carelessly, damaged beyond any hope of repair, staining the pink cherry blossoms the black-brown of the oily substance that served as Zenyatta’s blood of sorts and-

“Genji, may I touch you?” His master’s voice- calm, even, but firm- somehow managed to register.

Genji nodded and felt Zenyatta’s metal-warm hand on his shoulder. “I am Tekhartha Zenyatta. You are Shimada Genji. We are in the Watchpoint in Gibraltar, in room 2-3-17. It is currently 11:27 a.m. You were meditating. I am here with you, and was meditating