bead of sweat puddling in the midst of his forehead.

"This time's different 'cause there's no hair to pull on," Liam frowns, but Zayn's rapid to kiss it away.

"You still have my body to touch," Zayn assures, their noses skimming.

"Love your little body," Liam remarks and when Zayn looks up, Liam's got the type of determined look painted across his face that sends a tornado of frosty chills down Zayn's spine.

"S'not exactly the definition of little anymore," Zayn mumbles, cheeks flaring cherry red.

"Yes it is." Liam argues and Zayn's head wrinkles from disapproval but when he presses his hips down tenderly, grinds his waist in a circular motion to the beat of the song engulfing the walls of the room, Liam's groaning, a hint of pleasure sparking his on his face."Fuck, keep doin' that, babe, just like, shift your hips forward— yeah. Good boy."

Zayn gulps, his hips coming to an abrupt standstill. His skin's ablaze, heating up even more at those two specific words registering in his mind. His brain's functioning on nothing but the thoughts of Liam and how hard they are, how much Liam's probably leaking and—

"Can you, like, call me that again?"

His cheeks power hot, body humid at the words that rush past his lips.

"Call you what? Babe?" Liam asks, hands skipping across Zayn's thighs.

Zayn shakes his head, tugs his lower lip between his teeth before he breaks them to speak, "Whenever I do somethin' good, somethin' ya like, can you tell me that I'm a—"

Liam cuts him off, shock nibbling at his face. "A good boy?"

Zayn nods and he decides that it's better to be kissed with those words skidding between the gap of Liam's lips than stabbed in the heart with hesitant hands, a blunt knife.

"You got a bit of a praise kink, Malik?" Liam teases. There's love loitering, lurking in Liam's tone, in Liam's voice, in Liam's eyes. It makes Zayn's heart stutter, his skin prickling with the type of elevated excitement he can't fathom.

"I don't— I just like it, alright?" Zayn groans, buries his face in Liam's neck, teeth nipping at the mark he created with soft lips.

He's not grinding anymore. He's just laying there, slotted flawlessly against Liam's body. There's something oddly intimate about the entire ordeal of how they could go from nothing to this— that proves to Zayn how strong their bond is, how their tears had stories of their own when they were minutes from ending, gasoline-like words spitting from their lips, hazy hearts, furious touches until a cyclone met a volcano and that was it. That was the end of them.

Or maybe, it wasn't. 

( All he knows is that Liam's touch, Liam's eyes— they awaken a glorious feeling he can't quite measure, frees him of heartbreak wounds and defeating thoughts. )

"Gonna open myself up for you now." Zayn tells Liam, reluctantly tearing himself away from the man with a thousand meanings to his heart. "You aren't allowed to touch though."

"Why not?" Liam rushes out, brown embers gleaming with objection.

"'Cause, I'm givin' you something to get off to whilst I'm away," Zayn answers like he isn't peeling the damp denim from his legs, throwing them into the corner of the room. 

"You're leaving in the morning?" Liam asks, voice cracking at the end.

Zayn smiles sadly, the crack in his heart widening because he doesn't know how to dignify Liam's question with a definite answer because maybe they're pretending to be in love for one more night.

Maybe, just maybe.

"I don't know, babe, but let's not focus on that, okay?" 

Liam's eyes shift into an emotion Zayn can't tolerate. He detests seeing Liam gloomy, low-spirited. Hates seeing him flip through the thoughts in his mind. The ones that Zayn can't read because Liam doesn't allow them to envelope his face. 

Zayn removes his boxers in silence and now he's squirting lube onto his fingers, making sure they shine, coated generously because it's been a while. He positions himself so he's on all fours at the bottom of the bed, ass up in the air, legs spread slightly, a hand hovering between them. He isn't looking at Liam, can't empower himself to right now, but when his index finger meets his rim just as the song changes to Ride by SoMo, the breath that shudders from the other tells him that he's paying full attention to him. Good.

( Liam always pays