letting the warmth from Makoto’s breath rush over him.

“It’s nothing more than you would do for me.”

Makoto hums under his breath, but turns the corner, heading habitually up towards Haru’s room with slow steps. Haru helps him up, step by step, until he is able to finally, finally, close his door behind them. With a relieved breath, Haru moves out from under Makoto’s arm, though he keeps one hand splayed on Makoto’s back. Muscles shift under his palm, warm and hard.

Haru presses down just to feel them again. And frowns. Makoto’s shirt is damp with sweat, and that can’t be comfortable. He’s sick, so clearly that means that Makoto needs to be warm and cared for, and that means...

“You should change,” Haru says, looking at Makoto with a critical eye. Makoto shakes his head, though it seems like the motion itself disorients him.

“I should go home, and you should go back to swim practice,” he insists. “I’m fine, Haru, I swear. I’ll just go home and rest, if it’ll make you feel better, but I don’t need to be fussed over and you don't have to miss practice.”

Haru cocks his head. He does want to swim, he always does, but it’s too cold right now anyway and there are things that are more important than him swimming. Like making sure that Makoto is okay, since Makoto has proven that, when left to his own devices, he tries to exert himself which would only make his fever worse. So, in light of that, Haru frowns. “I’ll make up the exercise later. And you’re not going home. Ran and Ren are there. You shouldn’t get them sick too.”

“But-”

“Makoto.”

Mako subsides with a grimace. He sighs before his hands lift up to start unbuttoning his shirt, and Haru turns away to find him one of the shirts that Makoto has left over here. Or that Haruka has borrowed. The details are unimportant. He finds one, large and soft and warm-smelling, and Haru takes a moment to run his hands over its familiar texture. Then he turns and hands it to Makoto, who takes the shirt with a murmured thanks.

“‘m thirsty,” Makoto murmurs as he pulls the shirt over his head, his words slightly muffled by the fabric.

“Rest,” Haruka orders. “I’ll get you some water.”

Makoto almost starts protesting again, but he raises his hands and sits down on the bed when Haru narrows his eyes pointedly, and it’s obvious that he’s tired and grateful for the chance to rest. When he’s sure that Makoto is finally relaxing a bit, Haru heads downstairs. He rubs his thumbs against his fingers, a nervous circling motion. Honestly, he’s at a bit of a loss as to what to do. Makoto doesn’t get sick very often, and Haru isn’t the best at taking care of other people. Maybe…

His phone is in his hands before he can overthink this. It rings once, twice, before there’s a click and a “Hello?” in his ear.

“Rei.”

“Haruka-senpai? Why are you calling? Is everything okay with Makoto-senpai?”

Haru ducks his head and smiles a little bit at the phone. “Makoto is fine. I just.” He chews on his lip for a second. “I don’t really know what to do. Makoto doesn’t get sick often.”

There’s a warm chuckle in his ear, and Haru can almost hear Rei adjusting his glasses through the phone. “Well, first off, it’s important to try to get his fever down. Simple medicines, like aspirin, should do the trick.”

In the background, Nagisa yells, “Make him soup! It’s a sign of love!”

“Nagisa-kun, I am trying to advise Haruka-senpai and I don’t-”

“Aw, don’t be a bummer, Rei-chan. Listen, give me the phone, Rei-chan, no,” and Haru listens to the sound of a scuffle before Nagisa’s voice returns, louder this time. “Haru-chan, listen, listen. Make him soup! It’s what everyone always does for people who get sick!”

“Alright, Nagisa. Aspirin and soup.”

“That’s right. Nurse Mako-chan back to health, and we’ll see you tomorrow! Bye-bye!”

Nagisa hangs up the phone with a click. Haru puts his phone down, smiling slightly before he squares his shoulders and gets to work. Soup then. Soup isn’t hard, and he’s made it plenty of times before.

Water first, though.

 

Half an hour later finds Haru trodding quietly back upstairs, bowl of soup firmly held in his hands and two pills tucked into the