an apology, though.

"I wouldn't have thought you'd come by yourself, in any case." Stormtroopers, I can usually turn away. 

That's... unexpected. Ren's voice in his head, and the admission that he's apparently doing this regularly. Maybe not here, as the security protocol will testify.





But Ren also sounds... calm, in Hux's head. Not from what he says, or the tone. But for a second, Hux could pick up on the way the knight was feeling. His heartbeat skyrockets. Because of the exercise and the rebound feeling from Ren's intruding thoughts, he tells himself.





"As long as you keep my ship in one piece, I certainly don't mind. But next time, either make your presence known, or do me the favour of at least masking it properly."

 

Kylo Ren, at this, tilts his head and grins. 

"Why, did I wake you, dearest General?"





Oh he is so not doing this now.

 

Stepping forward, Hux manoeuvres himself into Ren's personal space, grabs him by the front of his sleeveless shirt.

He has never seen Ren in anything but his robe, so this is interesting, but he wills his thoughts in another direction. No point in pondering the exposed figure of his personal nuisance. 

"For once in your life, Ren, don't be a special snowflake and do as us mere mortals are doing. Go the fuck to sleep." He growls, willing himself to maintain the iron grip that pulls down Ren to his eye level.





Unexpectedly, Ren lashes out at him. 

Even more unexpected is that Hux actually parries, his reflexes kicking in before he can even think of self defense.

The mischievous glint in Ren's eyes tell him that the little shit means to provoke him. If a fight is what Ren means to get out of this, then Hux will oblige him. A chance served on a silver platter to beat the living shit out of Ren for once without any repercussions.

 

Hux drops his uniform jacket and shucks his boots, putting them on equal ground. Ren still grins, thinking himself far superior, even though he seems a bit rattled. Probably didn't expect Hux to rise to his bait.





The general drops into a low stance, for stability, already calculating the difference in height and range. Ren strikes first, aiming straight for Hux's face but he is faster, twisting away and under Ren's arm, catching his left and directing it away.

A kick to Ren's knee makes him stumble, but he catches himself faster than Hux expected, turning the awkward step into a sidestep to avoid Hux's follow up. Another step brings him out of Hux's range, but allows for a high, turning kick, which Hux just narrowly avoids by ducking, feeling the sharp current of air. 

He snarls, launching himself at Ren, catching his upper arm and using his momentum to send him flying with the help of a foot placed conveniently in Ren's path. The knight falls, but somehow, impossibly manages to turn the fall into a roll, and stares at the perplexed Hux from where he is crouched on the floor, every muscle taut. Down there, holding himself up with one arm and wiping at his face, Ren looks positively dangerous.





Distracted as he is, Hux catches on too late when Ren attacks again, a punch catching him in the ribs, but he retaliates with a right hook, unexpected from left-handed Hux and thus surprising Ren enough to split his lip. 

The bloody grin is glorious, and catches Hux's attention, unbidden thoughts springing to his mind. He wants to taste it, draw more of it out of the shallow cut, and he grins, almost feral. This time, Ren starts, a feint right, with Hux still sidetracked, and his left grazes Hux's temple, making his ears ring.

He ignores the flare of pain, twists out of the path of Ren's next punch, barely manages to catch the third with his forearm. Ren isn't taking any chances, but Hux knows how to use his smaller frame, again managing to get into Ren's space, elbowing him in the stomach, allowing Ren to place an awkward hit that doesn't do much damage.

Another kick from Hux as he twists away sends the knight sprawling to the floor, but realizes too late Ren had already grabbed him by the back of his shirt and goes down with him.

 

They lie on the concrete floor, panting heavily. Ren's breath is ghosting over the back of his neck, and before he can move away, Ren leans his forehead against Hux's back and laughs like the right lunatic he is.

After a second, Hux joins in, hesitantly at first. The adrenaline still speaks through him, maybe some ill placed endorphins. He doesn't mind them, right now. 

Two damn idiots they are, Hux thinks as he turns to have a look at Ren and examine the damage he has