“Shave me?” Kirk protested.  “I used a depilatory this morning.”

“Not your face, Jim,” McCoy said, holding up an old fashion straight razor with its sharpening strap.  “Down there.  We wouldn’t want any pesky hairs to get in the way.”

Jim felt his face flush as Spock helped him out of the tub, drying him as thoroughly as he washed him before wrapping him in an oversized white fluffy towel.

“Go ahead and put him on the table,” McCoy said as he used the strap to sharpen the already razor sharp edge.  He reminded Kirk of nothing more than a demonic barber.

Jim looked over to the table to see that it had been transformed.  The bottom end was gone and in its place, two stirrups with restraints jutted out to either side. Restraints were attached to the sides of the table as well.  He was grateful for Spock’s support as his knees felt strangely weak when he saw the tall metal stand from which hung an ominously bulging rubber bag.  A long rubber tube was attached to the bag and snaked around the stand.  Kirk knew exactly what that piece of medical equipment was for, having been the recipient of enemas in the past.  Blast McCoy.  He knew exactly what they did to him.

Kirk reluctantly climbed up on the table and Spock supported his legs as he awkwardly placed them in the stirrups, uncomfortably stretching them widely apart.  Spock locked one fleece lined leather restraint around his ankle before doing the other.   His arms were similarly confined to arm rests.  He suddenly felt totally vulnerable, totally at the mercy of his lovers.  A part of him fought the loss of control, tugging at the restraints, but he found that he could not get free.  Logically he knew that if he said his safe word they would free him and that knowledge allowed him to calm himself.

“You okay, Jim?” McCoy said, concern coloring his voice.

“Just peachy,” Jim said, trying to inject a bit of cockiness in his tone.  “Just a few starting jitters.”

“That’s understandable,” McCoy said.  “Let us know if it gets to be too much.”

Kirk nodded and tried to relax.  The shaving foam felt cool when McCoy slathered it over his warm skin.  Taking the razor shape blade, the doctor ran it over Jim’s groin, removing the hair with sure strokes.  He took extra care with his testicles, gently moving them to reach his perineum.  When he was satisfied, Leonard wiped him down with a warm cloth and then spread soothing lotion over the shaved area.

“There you are,” McCoy said.  “As smooth as a baby’s bottom.  Although I must say, I don’t think I’ve ever seen an erection quite as impressive as this one.  The shaving really makes him look even bigger.”

“Indeed, Doctor,” Spock agreed.

Jim blushed, embarrassment coloring the pride he felt that his lovers found him attractive.

“Here, Spock,” Bones motioned to the Vulcan. “We may need this.”  Jim watched as the doctor handed Spock some leather straps.  “We don’t want him coming quite yet…at least not until we torment him a bit.”

Before Jim was able to say anything, Spock had placed one of the straps around the base of his scrotum, buckling it just on the shade of uncomfortable before doing the same for his penis.  A strap ran from the two rings, forcing the two testicles to spread apart.  Kirk felt trussed like an old fashioned turkey on the dinner table he had seen in old holos.

“Good job,” Bones complimented Spock before turning back to Jim.  “Now that we have you cleaned on the outside, it’s time to clean you on the inside.”  Leonard unwound the rubber tubing hanging off the bulging bag.  He opened a clip in the tubing and a little soapy water ran out into a waiting bowl.  Bones checked the temperature and nodded, closing the tubing.

“Perfect,” the doctor said, before turning to Spock.  “The object of a good enema is to clean the rectum of all fecal material.  You want the water above body temperature, but not burning hot.   The soap will facilitate peristalsis.   You don’t want it too soapy or the patient will experience painful cramps.” McCoy picked up a hollow butt plug and screwed it into the connecter at the end of the tubing.  “You need to make sure both the attachment and the anus are well lubricated.”

Bones grabbed a pair of rubber gloves and snapped them on, the sound adding to Kirk’s already over stimulated nerves.  He shivered in his bonds.

Opening a tube of lubricant, McCoy covered the butt plug with the slick substance, before laying it on the table.  He then squirted some onto his fingers before moving in between Jim’s outstretched legs.  Jim felt one finger breach his anus, spreading the cool lubricant deep into his body.  The finger left and more lubricant was added with a second finger, this time stretching the muscles of his anus, preparing them to accept the large enema attachment.

“I find this a perfect