seriously he could take the flirting.

What was he supposed to say? So, I know you like me, but do you like me, like me?  Like me that way? Ask Admiral Barnett to pass a note in class: tick one, would you: fuck me? marry me? kill me to put me out of the misery of this unrequited obsession? 

For fuck's sake, he hadn't been that inept, even when he had been a teenage boy. He'd never had any trouble attracting bed partners. Once he'd gotten into his stride - and then got his hands on the captaincy of a fuck-off big ship - it had taken little more than a quirky grin and a lift of an eyebrow. And it wasn't that he'd only fucked people who didn't matter to him, although there had been a depressingly high number of those sort of encounters. There had been people he'd cared about, although looking back with the cynicism of age, he could see it had been mostly his pride he'd had to lose rather than his heart. 

If he was being honest with himself - and one thing the tough road of post-Narada therapy had taught him was that anything less than brutal honesty was a waste of everyone's time - he'd found physical release with a myriad of partners while finding respect and affection from his crews and channeling his slightly obsessive nature into his relationship with his ships.

But now the Enterprise was leaving without him, he no longer had a crew and a small corner of his mind was worried that this new infatuation was just another coping mechanism. Or some sort of emotional transference. Or a weird take on Stockholm Syndrome. Another part of his mind was telling himself how pathetic it was that he'd rather find some excuse based in psychological mumbo-jumbo than accept that he'd fallen in love for the first time in decades. And all he needed to do was man up and say something.

He put down the cold cup of coffee and buried his head in his hands. Say what? It was ridiculous. He was too old to be newly in love. People his age had grandchildren already. People his age were at the height of their careers, the names that led the Federation. People his age had their lives sorted out and if they'd missed out on the whole life partner thing, there was a reason for that. That was something young people did. Pretty people. Undamaged people...

He stood up abruptly and walked across to the balcony, trying to shake himself free of the downward spiral of negative thoughts. Think about him instead. Why was this so much harder than with any of the alien princesses and foreign ambassadors and visiting academics that he'd satisfied himself with so effectively over the decades? That wasn't hard to answer. This was 30 years of friendship, a bone-deep knowing, the one voice that had kept him from falling into despair after the loss of Vulcan. This was one person he could not bear to disappoint, could not bear to lose. 

Thirty years! If there was any interest, he'd have had a sign by now. The whole thing was ridiculous. He needed to pull himself together and get over it. He mustn't do anything to risk the friendship. The thought of the embarrassed silence, the refusal humiliating in its gentleness, the awkward edge to their future meetings. It was intolerable.

And yet sometimes he wondered.... The look of pleasure when he walked into a room, the sotto-voce jokes that were just for him, the messages sent in the small hours of the morning. 

He plucked a flower from the window box, some kind of daisy, and began to pull the petals off one by one. He loves me, he loves me not, he loves me, he loves me not... Could he be any more pathetic?

"Chris! Why are you mutilating that flower? Leave the poor thing alone. I'm sure it's never done anything to you. I let myself in, you don't mind, right? Look, I've brought pain au chocolat, fresh from that bakery on the corner, just the way you like them. Happy new year, by the way. You slunk out of the party early, you bastard. Didn't even say goodbye. What was that about?"

Chris shrugged awkwardly, trying to hide the flutter of pleasure at knowing he'd been missed. "I don't like what alcohol does to my sense of balance. I know the exo-skeleton can supposedly compensate but I'd rather stay in control. And those sort of parties aren't much fun sober."

That earned him a stern look that set off funny swirls of heat in his chest. "That's no reason to ditch your friends, though. So, what's this?" Chris's breath caught as the long-fingered hand that had just put down the bag from the bakery then picked up the piece of paper lying by