it; but something deep inside him took the sight of the tanned blond surfing as a threat to his wellbeing.Especially, when Nico’s face showed nothing but excitement and a deep blush (Percy really hoped the last was because of the Sun).He lost it the moment Will took Nico with him to tame some waves; they were way to close, the blond was grabbing Nico by the waist, Nico was a minor! Lotus Casino or not he was living in this era and Nico was a freaking minor! His bad mood was reflected in the way the waves became rampaged, and almost drown everybody in the water.

He left the place before creating a typhoon and kill everybody in there.

zou: Beta-san has no internet because the world hates her.

Zoe: Non beta-d chapters for a while. I'm so sorry you have to suffer that pain, for sure I do.

zou: Asshole. And OMG I didn't check my e-mail for a loooong time, so I didn't know I reached all these kudos *waves hands effusively* and comments!!!! asdddffd I'll answer the comments tomorrow. I swear Thank you guys OwO zou loves you

Zoe: Run now that you can

It could have been a really nice winter. It could have been, but no.

Percy decided to go check some stuff at camp, besides he’s got some time to kill and maybe a little of sparring would make him good; especially with the cold weather striking New York. He thought about asking Nico to join him for some practice; and, who knows, maybe the guy would say yes. After all, they’ve known each other for a long time now, and Percy yet feels they can not even be considered acquaintances, and that bothered him, Percy really wanted to befriend Nico … well, maybe not friends, but he wanted to be an important constant in his life, nad not just the boy he used to have a crush on. That was another thing that bothered him; not that Nico crushing on him was bad … just … he didn’t know.

And it wasn’t that hard to find Nico, luckily he wouldn’t go to the Underworld to spend the Holidays, a thought crossed his mind. He was so going to invite Nico to spend them with him and his mom and Paul. That was brilliant! And Annabeth kept calling him seaweed brain, ha! His intelligence levels were just fine, thank you very much. Percy was ready to shout out for the son of Hades, and he noticed it. Nico was wearing an oversized purple jacket and he was laughing and blushing and … what was Jason doing here? Wasn’t he supposed to be at Camp Jupiter or with his GIRLFRIEND PIPER?! He’s determined to pass by; but he stopped on his track and said ‘hi guys’. They both greeted him back. Nico’s nose was red, so were his cheeks. And that jacket was definitely not his.

“Neeks, we gotta go now. See you around, Perce?”

“Where are you guys going?” asked more to know at what time the blond was leaving than because he wanted to know.

“Hazel, Frank and Jason, apparently, are taking me to Venice. I was born there, they thought it was going to be a nice Christmas present.” And he blushed.

“It IS the best present ever, Neeks!” they bided their goodbyes and the son of Poseidon was left alone.

Percy couldn’t even remember where Nico was from, Hazel was his sister so it was okay, the vacation plans were perfect. But Nico wearing Jason’s jacket hurt him inexplicably.

The green-eyed teen noticed something weird one night he woke up.

There was something … someone outside Cabin I, he shrugged it off thinking it was because of Jason’s next visit to camp.

 

And sure, it was related to that, every time Jason was supposed to come someone was roaming the Cabin, maybe Piper, he told himself.

Apparently, not Piper, for what Mclean told him next day after breakfast, she wasn’t that desperate to see her boyfriend, she laughed and then she tried to bribe him into telling him who was ALWAYS outside Cabin I; like always, meaning not only when Jason was coming to CHB. He denied wanting to know, he wasn’t that desperate … ok, he was.

 

“Fine, you can use Poseidon’s Cabin’s bathroom whenever you want.” Piper grinned, and Jason just stared, confusion draw all over his face. Percy interrupted their  date by the beach after all.

“Did I miss something?” the blond seemed concerned, Pipes just kissed his cheek lovingly and whispered something in his ear before leaving, grabbing Percy’s hand.

They walked not too far from the son of Jupiter, but just enough distance so he wouldn’t hear. “Nico,” she said calmly. Percy froze. Blushed and turned around to see where the 14-year-old demigod was. He didn’t find him;