from the stimulation, pleasure burning every inch of his body, and his cock is now pulsing painfully hard on his spot against Zayn's stomach. He tries to wrap his hand around it, desperate for some friction, but Louis pushes his hand away before he can touch his own cock. Zayn whines loudly in protest, only receiving another slap on his arse as a punishment.

Louis has his face now completely buried between Zayn's cheeks, his mouth working messily on his hole. After a couple of minutes Louis is finally able to slip his tongue inside of Zayn's hole, pushing it in and out of him, fucking him properly and making Zayn moan even louder. Actually he can't do anything but moan right now, letting out loud, needy noises, and this alone makes Louis press his face even further on Zayn's cheeks, fucking his tongue inside as far as he can. He absolutely loves the taste of Zayn's hole on his mouth, so musty and so... Zayn.

When he feels Zayn's hole clenching around his tongue he pushes his face away quickly, giving Zayn a few more licks over his hole and one close mouthed kiss before standing up again. He spins Zayn around and presses him against the wall of the shower, connecting their lips in a hard kiss. Zayn moans at the taste of himself on Louis' tongue, and he kisses him back with suck fervor and need. Their cocks are now colliding against each other between them, hard and aching, and he needs to get fucked. Soon.

Suddenly Louis turns off the shower and walks away from Zayn before he can even process what's going on. He wraps himself in a big fluffy towel, smirking at Zayn who's still standing completely frozen under the spray, his cock hard and his eyes wide staring at Louis with disbelief.

"Come on, we don't have all the time in the world." Louis says, winking at him and walking out of the bathroom, making Zayn groan loudly. Louis just ate him out, for fucks sake, and he just leaves Zayn behind with a hard on like nothing happened? It's unbelievable, really. Louis must be really pissed if he's willing to ignore Zayn's hard cock just for the sake of torturing him.

He finally walks off the shower after a couple of seconds, rubbing him dry with another towel. His cock is still hard though, and the contact with the rough fabric makes him hiss, but he ignores it. He throws the towel on the floor and walks out of the bathroom completely naked, deciding to tease Louis a little bit with his glorious body. If Louis, the bastard, is going to play a teasing game Zayn can play as well.

But the idea is erased from this mind as soon as he walks into the bedroom, gasping with wide eyes at the sight of Louis on the bed, his mouth salivating instantly. Louis is there, with his back pressed against the headboard with his legs wide open, completely naked as well with his hand working lazily on his cock. He has a smirk on his face, and he glances from Zayn to his own cock and then to Zayn again, giving a satisfied smirk at the sight of Zayn absolutely frozen on the doorstep.

"Fuck." Zayn mutters, taking a few steps towards the bed.

"Like what you see?" Louis asks, stroking his cock in painfully slow movements. His cock is so massive, with a bright head shining with precome at the very tip and a thick vein pulsing on the underside. Zayn definitely likes what he sees.

"Yes, I like it so much." He answers, crawling on the bed until he finds himself lying between Louis' sprawled legs. He doesn't even wait for Louis' command before he shoves his hand away and replaces it with his own, opening his mouth and poking his tongue out to give some kitten licks at the tip of Louis' cock, humming at the taste of precome flooding into his mouth. He doesn't wait before he's wrapping his lips around the length, tilting his head to take more of it inside of his mouth but before he can properly suck Louis' cock he feels Louis griping a handful of his hair, pulling his head back and making his cock slip from Zayn's mouth with a loud, wet pop.

"Ah, ah, ah," Louis says shaking his head down at Zayn. "I don't think you deserve it, Zee."

"Fuck off, Louis," Zayn hisses, shoving Louis' hand away from his still wet hair. "Are you going to deny me your cock now, really? Just because I went fishing with Liam?"

"I'm not denying you anything," Louis smirks, lifting his hand to pet Zayn's cheek. "Actually I want to fuck you so bad right now, you know that?"

"Really?" Zayn asks with a tiny smile, leaning into Louis' touch.

"Yeah, but you have to be good for me, okay? You have been already too