out into the pouring rain, albeit properly clothed. Those were some of the worst days, second only to the ones where his dad interrupted him whilst he was caught up in the beautiful and climatic ending of Con Air, John's favorite movie, a true cinematic masterpiece, the delicious blue gusher to his eager mouth. Nic Cage was really the best there is, and it seriously should be illegal to take one away from his masterful acting. Or at least, that's what John thought.His dad seemed to believe these expeditions were helping John to be more social. This was official proof that it was possible for his dad to be totally wrong. John had long since discovered a forested area near his neighborhood where he could waste away hours exploring; inferior to basking in Nic Cage's splendor, but still enjoyable. That was where John was heading now, whistling How Do I Live as he walked. That song wasn't really whistling material, but John's mad whistling skills somehow made it work.John ceased whistling when he reached the forest's border, pausing to ponder which direction he'd head in. When he first discovered the forest, he had clung to the path for fear of getting lost, but now he knew this place better than the back of his hand. With this knowledge he confidently made his way into the woods, heading towards a large clearing he knew of. His small backpack was laden with cupcakes and bags of chips, and he figured he could have a small picnic there and then just... sit and listen. While John tended to get bored easily, he had found he could find joy in just relaxing and hearing the sounds of the forest. There had been a few cases in which deer had even wandered by because he was just that still and silent, and it was soooooooo cool!John could feel his enthusiasm growing as he neared his destination, thinking of all the cool things that could happen today. He didn't even bother to properly look where he was going, trusting his feet to guide him to the clearing, when-CLANG!-he walked straight into a small metal space ship, which appeared to have crash landed at the edge of his destined clearing. Ears ringing from the noise, John still managed to hear a startled hiss from the other side of the clearing, followed by what sounded like someone desperately scrabbling to sit up and abscond.Without pausing to examine what he had crashed into, John peered around the edge of the strange metal object and was greeted with a very strange sight. A boy who looked about John's age was crouched in a defensive position by a large white crab-like thing at the other end of the clearing, eyes wide with fear and anger and somewhat dull fangs bared threateningly. The boy had gray skin and small, nubby horns that were reddish-orange at the base, yellowish-orange at the tips, and orange in the middle. His sclera and claw-like nails were the same yellow-orange, and the irises in his catlike eyes were gray. For someone who looked so strange and inhuman, his clothes were surprisingly normal. A black sweater with a gray cancer symbol, gray jeans, black and white sneakers. John couldn't help but also notice that several parts of his clothes were stained darkly with blood, and there was evidence of several bruises on what little John could see of the boys strangely pigmented skin. One of his arms was also held stiffly, and John guessed it was broken or hurt in some other way he couldn't see.The two stared at each other for what could've been a year, or just a few moments. Neither seemed to know what to do with themselves or make of the other.Finally, John raised his hand in a small wave and said sheepishly, "Um... hi."The horned boy flinched and bared his teeth, but made no move to attack or flee. John, encouraged by this, continued speaking."You're kind of weird looking, ya' know. Do you have, like, a skin disease or something? Wait... oh God, you're cosplaying a character from that weird webcomic Dave reads ironically, aren't you? Dude, I get that you like a character, but I think actually hurting yourself is going waaaaaaaay to far. Those are real, right? Not like, make up or something? Whoa, wait, you're dressed as one of those alien guys right? So that metal thing... did you actually build a space ship so you could reenact a scene alone in the forest? That's pretty weird, but to each his own, I guess."The stranger continued to glare silently at John, still looking ready to dash at a moments notice. John giggled nervously to break the uncomfortable silence. "Wow, um, you're really in character, aren't you? Since aliens can't talk and all. But do you think, maybe you could tell me your name at least?"The boy still said nothing."Fine, be that way.