.” He huffs, stumbling forward. “I’m losing balance!” he wails and Zayn jumps off him before they land on the floor in a heap.

“My back.” Liam groans, taking Zayn’s hand who pulls him up.

“Next time I’ll carry you.” Zayn muses, “Hey look! I can see human life!”

Liam glares at him and his eyes follow Zayn’s line of sight to find several people mulling about at the top of the hill. He smiles smugly at Zayn, “See? Wasn’t that hard, was it?”

“It was Liam, you’ll never understand the pain of a person who’s only been to a gym once.”

Liam snorts out a laugh and slips an arm around him waist, “And you spent the entire time in the café, too.”

“Hey, I did not. I went on that thing and lifted a heavy bar.” Zayn defends himself, pointing to his biceps. “That’s why I have all this muscle; it was the most thrilling moment of my lifetime.”

“You don’t have muscle.” Liam teases with a grin, “your jumper is just giving us that illusion.”

“Your so mean sometimes Liam, if you keep this act up I’m ending the marriage.” Zayn says nonchalantly, pointing at the silver band encircling his finger.

“Love you babe.” Liam says in a too sweet tone, leaning over and pressing a kiss to his cheek. “And we’re here!”

The slope of the ground finally ends and the dull ache in his thigh relaxes, as does Zayn’s judging by the elated sigh he lets out.

“It’s nice, isn’t it?” Liam asks, wanting to coax out a reasonable answer. Zayn looks fairly impressed, if his sparkling eyes are a giveaway, but he doesn’t admit to anything. He gazes at the huge tree on one side, where a few people sit under and the fairy lights decorating its branches.

There are picnic benches in one area too, and Liam tugs Zayn towards the closest unoccupied one. “Lou and Harry should be here already.” He says, eyes scanning the expanse.

Zayn just shrugs and circles his arms around Liam’s waist, pulling him down onto the bench. “I’m sure they’ll find us.”

After a short while Louis and harry stroll over to their picnic bench, sharing wide smiles. “The food’s in the car, by the way. We’ll grab it later.” Louis says, and Zayn shoots Liam a questioning look.

“Car?” He asks, “How did they get a car up here, Liam?”

“There’s a path for car down the other side, and a car park too.” Louis says offhandedly, “Pretty cool, actually.”

Liam winces apologetically at the glare Zayn sends him, and tries soothing his annoyance with a suppressed smile. “Sorry?” He tries, but Zayn just groans loudly and slaps his forehead.

“Are you seriously telling me you made me walk when you can bring cars up here?” he asks, with his arms crossed over his chest.

Liam rolls his eyes at his ever dramatic husband, “You enjoyed it, don’t lie.”

“Not in the slightest Liam.” He huffs, “Now I’m leaving.”

“Wait –wait, we’ve got to lay out the picnic blanket on the floor before you leave.” Harry insists, “Lou, go grab the stuff.”

Harry leads them to an open spot beside the tree, and Zayn follows begrudgingly. “You ruined my exit, Styles.” He sulks, just as Louis comes rushing back; throwing a large white sheet over Zayn’s head.

“I’m not helping you, because someone” he sends a glare to Liam, who just smiles at him sweetly, “Made me walk like, seventeen fucking miles.”

Zayn isn’t given a choice though, and is forced to help set everything up. “There, we’re done.” Harry says proudly, taking Zayn’s lighter to light the candles. “Now you can leave, Zayn.”

“Right, yes.” Zayn remembers and turns to Liam. “I am leaving. For real this time li –don’t smirk at me you little sh- oh okay fine I’m gone.” He pulls off the ring and presses it into Liam’s palm, “And I’m going to go find a sweet and loving man that will not make to walk inhuman lengths. Goodbye.” He says punctuating every word with expressive hand gestures.

“Sure thing darling, just come back before the firework display starts, yeah?” Liam says, kissing Zayn’s temple quickly, “I’ll save you a sandwich or two.”

“I’m not coming back, Li.” Zayn insists, “I don’t want tuna or egg, by the way.”

Zayn traipses off after that and disappears somewhere in the crowd, and Liam takes a seat on the ground opposite Louis