it, I’m—completely—fine~”

                “We know. It’s not your physical body that Shibuya is worried about, but the effect on your mind. He doesn’t want to bring back any bad memories for you, you see? Not just of Saralegui, but that brother of his who looks so similar, and did much worse things to you.”

                “But Yuuri was tortured too!” I can’t help but say, almost shout. “There are bad memories for him too!”

                I just remembered, Günter was tasked with negotiating trade deals with the rest of the Shou Shimaron envoy, so he really is—!

                “You finally called him Yuuri again.” Murata’s eyes are invisible behind those mysterious glasses that seem to hide his expression whenever he wanted, but his lips are definitely smiling. “We weren’t that cruel to leave him completely alone with his tormenter. Lord Weller should be guarding him.”

                “But he’s not! He’s haunting the hallways like a homeless ghost!”

                “Ah, now I remember.” Gurrier taps his right fist into his left palm, the picture of someone who finally recalled the thing that was right on the tip of their tongue. “He was almost incoherently depressed because the Young Master corrected him when he called the Young Master by his name. Something like, ‘Call me Your Majesty, Lord Weller.’”

                …Ouch.

                “It was probably a mistake,” Murata says, still infuriatingly calm. “Or maybe not. Shibuya claims to have gotten over it, and he probably has, but I understand if he doesn’t want to put Lord Weller in a position where he may have to choose between Shibuya and Saralegui again, for Shibuya’s sake as well as Lord Weller’s.”

                Come to think of it again, that trip to Seisakoku really messed everyone up, huh? I fall back into a chair with a groan. I always thought he deserved it, at least a bit, but to have his favorite godson say that to him—I feel bad for my little big brother, in spite of myself.

                “…You still don’t get it.”

                Murata sighs, sounding just like Gwen did just now. And for some reason that ticks me off. “Lord von Bielefeld, how long have you been running away from Shibuya?”

                “I’m not--!”

                “How long?”

                “…Since Saralegui arrived.”

                “That’s three weeks. I’d be impressed, if I didn’t feel so worried for Shibuya.”

                “If you’re worried about him, then you should be there beside him! Didn’t you say you were never letting him out of your sight anymore?”

                “Exactly. I’m fairly sure you’ve noticed, but I get a little… agitated around him. It’s not a good thing. I might do something rash, and he’ll never grow if I keep being overprotective. I’m trying to change, for him… just like you.”

                “Your Eminence… would probably sound more convincing if you didn’t choose this spot because you know the Young Master passes by every morning, afternoon and evening on his way back to his room.”

                “Hush, Gurrier. What I’m trying to say is, I trust him. As long as he’s within these castle walls, of course.”

                “I think they went out to town today because the Shou Shimaron brat wanted a souvenir.”

                “…I. Trust him. But anyway, you should go back to him quickly, Lord von Bielefeld.”

                “Well, I trust him too.”

                “Both of you are so bad at lying to yourselves, I don’t know if I should laugh or cry…” Gurrier looks like he’s going to laugh until he cries, though, and takes out his handkerchief to dab at the corners of his eyes. “Ah, the folly of youth…”

                I point at him emotionlessly. “You call that refreshing?”

                “As a matter of a fact, I do.” Murata is smiling, sincerely this time. “So maybe he’s a few screws loose, but we all agree he’s a real expert at defusing the atmosphere*, right? Besides, since he was raised outside of Shin Makoku, he’s one of the few people here who don’t treat me like a shadow of my predecessor.”

                “Ahh, don’t talk about Gurrier in the third person like that~”

                “Anyway, what I mean to say is that Shibuya needs you, Wolfram. Saralegui brings back memories about the worst time of his life. And the only one who could brighten his life now, is the one who brought light to it back then. You.”

                His gaze is so solemn yet so hopeful, I have to turn away. “I’m not good enough yet. Even he’s trying his best to change for the better. I can’t go back to him until I’m sure.”

                “If you’re talking about the title thing, don’t tell Lord Weller this,