pain.

“So, um, what’s it say?” he asked quietly, nodding to the paper in The Doctor’s hands. He glanced up with a smile and scratched his eyebrow.

“Well, it’s just simple instructions…. ‘Insert desired electrode into the unit, making sure it is seated securely and the wand’s cord is plugged into an outlet. Take care not to twist the electrode as you insert it, for this may loosen-”

He was abruptly cut off when The Detective moaned, low and soft, into his ear. The Doctor turned and grinned.

“What? Are you actually getting off on me reading the instructions?”

“It’s all just…. overwhelming,” he confessed, shrugging and blushing. The Doctor laughed and ruffled his hair.

“Alright then. I think I got the gist of it, anyway. Which one would you like to try out first?”

The Detective gazed over the many attachments, swallowing loudly. The Doctor placed a hand on his knee.

“Hey. It’s fine. It’s all fine,” he said softly, rubbing through The Detective’s pants with his thumb. He lifted one from the case that looked like a Y incision. 

“Let’s start with this one, yeah? It’s not as… Intense.” 

The Detective nodded, speech once again failing him as he unbuttoned his shirt while The Doctor prepared the device. They gazed at each other for a moment, before The Doctor cleared his throat.

“Right,” he said, his voice taking on that I’m in charge now tone The Detective loved so much. “We’ll start above waist, but I think it’d be best if you removed your belt. And lie back.”

The Detective obeyed wordlessly, letting the leather strap fall from his hand to the floor as he scooted back on the bed. The Doctor stood and approached from the side. His eyes were focused, but blown wide from arousal.

“Okay. I’m going to start on the lowest setting,” he informed The Detective, adjusting the wand’s knob on the base. He placed the kit on the floor, turned out the light, and turned the wand on.

It emitted a low hum, and The Detective made a similar sound. The Doctor smiled and exhaled through his nose.

“Ready?”

The Detective nodded.

The electrode glowed a pretty violet. The Doctor grinned lopsidedly, and cautiously raised his other hand to the device. A small spark flew from the Y, and zapped his fingertip.

“Oh!” he gasped, shaking his hand and laughing. The Detective sat up, chewing his lower lip. The Doctor smiled and raised his empty hand.

“It’s alright,” he soothed, easing The Detective back. “Just wanted to check.” The Detective didn’t seem sure, so The Doctor fixed him with the look.

“I said it’s fine. Now, are you ready to begin?” 

The Detective didn’t have a chance to articulate his reply, for the glowing tip came within an inch of his chest, emitting a flash of purple, causing him to arch up off the bed, and gasp. 

His eyes flew open, and he clutched the sheets in his fists. His breath was ragged, and when he turned his head to The Doctor, he could make out a smile in the dark.

“There. See? That wasn’t so bad, was it?” The Doctor chuckled, moving around the bed, a predator circling it’s prey. He tilted his head, waiting for an answer, and deciding where to place the next blow.

“Yes…. No…. Not too bad,” The Detective gasped out, before another jolt was sent through his nipple. This time he howled, and jumped away. The Doctor grabbed him around a thin ankle, and pulled him back. 

“Stay,” he growled, “or I will tie you down.”

The threat, or promise, depending on how you looked at it, caused The Detective to moan deliciously. The Doctor couldn’t keep the amusement from his voice.

“Oh, I bet you’d like that, wouldn’t you?” he said softly, gently tracing The Detective’s ribs with the glowing end of the wand. The Detective inhaled sharply through clenched teeth, shutting his eyes tightly, his head thrashing side to side. 

“Answer me,” The Doctor snapped, zapping the other nipple.

“Yes,” came the whimpered reply.

“Yeah, of course you would,” The Doctor continued, teasing the other man, getting closer, then further away. The Y glowed in the darkness, a neon symbol of gratification. “Would want me to tie you up, so you couldn’t move, couldn’t be in control.” Zap. “You like being in control, don’t you?” Zap. “Well, you’re not in control anymore, are you?”

“Yes,” The Detective gasped, his thoughts falling away, the air becoming heavy with the scent of an