’d been crying. But since it was Archie, the thought of his reaction didn’t even cross Henry’s mind. Henry could tell Archie anything.

“Henry, what’s wrong?” His face was filled with concern, and that was all the prompting Henry needed.

“I heard my mom talking in the kitchen, and … I’m adopted.” Saying it felt so much worse than thinking it. A huge lump had formed in his throat, to go along with the pain in his chest. “I’m adopted and no one really wants me.”

Archie didn’t even hesitate for one second. “I want you Henry. I care about you.”

Henry just shook his head, backing away ever so slightly. Archie had never lied to him before, and he didn’t know why he’d start now. But it was still impossible to believe. Henry finally had something to explain why his mother treated him the way she did. Archie had to be wrong. Maybe he didn’t know what Henry meant.

“Archie, my real mom didn’t want me. So she … gave me away.” He had to wipe more tears away that were slipping down his face, unbidden. “My mom doesn’t want me either. She never spends time with me, and when she does …” Henry trailed off. He couldn’t vocalize that she ignored him unless he was doing something wrong or she’d decided she wanted to spend time with him. He couldn’t explain how that affected him. After all, he now knew that was his fault. “It’s because I’m not good enough. I’ll never be good enough.” Saying that was easier than he’d expected. He’d known that for his whole life, after all. He had never been good enough for his mom; now he just knew why.

This time Archie paused, and for a second it looked like he was going to cry. The moment passed quickly, and Henry decided he must have imagined it. “Henry, you’re good enough. You’re more than good enough. Being adopted … it doesn’t make you any less of a person. If your birth mother didn’t want you, it wasn’t because you weren’t good enough. It was because she was unable to take care of you.”

Archie looked like he was telling the truth, but it was so hard to believe him. “If being adopted isn’t a bad thing, then why didn’t Mom tell me? And why doesn’t she …” care about me?

Henry was fairly certain by the look on Archie’s face that he’d heard the part Henry couldn’t quite say out loud. He’d never seen Archie look so upset before. “Your mother didn’t know how this would affect you. She made a mistake. Adults make mistakes sometimes.” Henry’s mother never made mistakes though. You didn’t become mayor of a town by making mistakes. The only mistake was that Henry had found out the terrible truth.

“Henry, she loves you. She just … isn’t always the best at showing it. But that doesn’t mean you aren’t good enough. You’re perfect just the way you are.”

Part of Henry rebelled against that statement. He couldn’t be perfect, not when two different mothers had decided he wasn’t worth their time. But there was something about the way Archie said it that made Henry certain it was true. There was a level of sincerity and seriousness in Archie’s voice that he’d never really heard before.

Still, he couldn’t quite believe it. Not yet. “Are you sure?”

“I’m sure.” That was enough for Henry to launch himself at Archie, letting the older man wrap him up in a hug. Maybe Archie was right. Maybe he was good enough. At least he was good enough for Archie. Henry didn’t know what he’d do if Archie ever decided Henry wasn’t worth his time.

“I like you.” Henry had never told Archie that before, but it was important for him to know. He didn’t just love Archie. You could love someone, and still not like them. You could still chose everything else over them. But, he liked Archie, and he wanted to spend time with him. It was more than love.

“I like you too, Henry.” From the way he said it, Henry was fairly certain that Archie didn’t understand what he meant; not really. He didn’t know how much importance Henry placed on the idea of liking someone.

Before he could explain, his mother’s voice interrupted them, and he pulled away from Archie quickly. “Did you ask him?” she questioned. Her voice was kind today, she didn’t seem to be mad. Yet.

“Er, no. Not yet,” Archie stated truthfully.