dark long, curly hair that bounces when she walks and big lips and dark brown eyes. She’s wearing a tight spaghetti strapped, dark blue satin dress that ends mid thigh and she has long shapely legs and her heels are black and high as fuck and she’s fucking clinging to Liam like her life depends on it.

“Shoot me. Shoot me now and put me out of my misery!” Zayn pleads to Perrie as they get closer. His heart is in his stomach, his mind is telling him ‘of course Liam has a beautiful girlfriend. Told you he’d never want you’ and Perrie is rubbing his shoulder sympathetically and leaning up to peck his cheek.

“It’s going to be fine, that girls got nothing on you.” She tells him in a determined voice but Zayn shakes his head frantically and looks at her with wide, sad eyes.

“It’s easy for you to say. You’re into guys not girls and girls like her are the definition of walking sex for us guys. I’ve got nothing on her.” Zayn tells her dejectedly but then she’s nudging him softly and he’s forced to put on a smile because the lads are close enough to see his facial expressions. He doesn’t want to give anything away even if wearing this fake smile that doesn’t reach his eyes is the hardest thing he’s had to do in a long time.

They do there introductions and Zayn forces himself to smile and be nice and compliment Danielle. He thinks he did a good job considering the gloomy cloud over his head and the twisting of his vital organs and the creative insults firing towards Danielle in his head. He’s always been good at keeping a stoic expression, hiding his true emotions even when it’s painful. And nobody questions him so he’s pretty sure he’s fooling everyone.

They all walk inside but Harry pulls him from Perrie’s grasp and they walk behind everyone.

“You’re a good actor but your not fooling me. I see how you’re looking at her, like you want to rip that curly hair from her scalp and shove it down her throat.” Harry basically deadpans because that’s pretty much what he’s been thinking for the past five minutes.

“I don’t know what your talking about.” Zayn tries instead because he doesn’t want Harry to say anything about him being an insanely jealous prick right now. He’s already brooding as it is, he doesn’t need Harry telling him he has no right to be jealous because he knows that and he already feels guilty as it is.

“You do and just so you know, when you choose to murder her I’ll help you. She’s bloody annoying the way she never leaves Liam’s side and her laugh is so obnoxious.” Harry sneers and this makes Zayn feel a load better.

“God, I know.” He agrees, an exasperated sigh escaping his lips and Harry laughs, throwing an arm around his shoulder as they walk quickly to catch up with the rest of the group.

~

It’s a beautiful wedding and Perrie wouldn’t stop mentioning how her and Zayn did all the work though she barely did anything at all. They laugh and shake their heads at her when she mentions it for the 6th time, all except Louis who tells her to shut her ‘bloody mouth’ and that ends with a lot of bickering between the two. After everyone’s ushered out of the room, they’re standing outside the hall chatting, waiting to congratulate the newly weds who are talking with guest before they and the bridesmaids and grooms men head off to take pictures.

There's a tap on Zayn’s shoulder mid sentence and he tries not to get pissed because he was talking and he turns around and comes face to face with a Lacey who's just as beautiful up close. He wants to fucking run for the hills but he doesn't. Instead he puts on the most real smile he can muster and hopes no one can see through it. Harry might because somehow he can see through Zayn now.

"Zayn! Wow, great to see you! You look great. I'm so glad you came.” She grins, eyes lighting up like fireworks.

“Oh, hi Lacey.” He forces a grin. “You look beautiful.” He complements and Lacey grins wider.

“Thank you. I'll be honest though, I didn't think you'd actually come after... ya know, everything." She confesses with a sheepish smile.

"No, of course I came, its your wedding. No need to let old bones ruin a special occasion." He tells her with a forced light and friendly tone.

"Yeah, as long as you know I'm sorry. Doniya told me she told you why I br-" And Zayn’s eyes widen for a quick second and he cuts her off quickly.

"Lacey, that was years ago. I'm over it. Can we talk about