afraid we must now take our leave with you and Bakugou alone. Would that be alright?" Tenya asked as he awkwardly gestured around with his stiff hands. 

"Oh, Iida..." Izuku mumbled out of surprise as he looked up towards his taller classmate. "Sure! Just send me a text when you want to meet up...or if you want to meet up at the dorms that would be cool too! There's no pressure...Kacchan and I will probably be ready to leave in about an hour or so but we'll stay longer if it's for your sake!" Izuku beamed.

Tenya's face reddened slightly at Izuku's antics and found himself walking away from Izuku and Katsuki stiffly, Ochaco in tow.

Izuku and Katsuki stood together as they watched the remainder of friends with them go away. A silence settled upon both of them and Izuku let out a snort.

"Do you think that was intentional?" Izuku questioned as he stared into narrowed red eyes.

Katsuki shrugged and looked away from curious green eyes only to start walking in a random direction where the crowd was thinner. Might as well take advantage of my time with Kacchan... Izuku thought as he gazed up at colorful hanging lights. The evening had a romantic feel to it with the dark sky bearing down, the bright moon a speck in the distance. There was the heavy smell of greasy, sweet foods in the air and a soft chatter filling the could-be silence of the night. It was oddly peaceful for the two whom were used to the constant action their academics required.

 

Izuku was torn away from his thoughts assessing their surroundings by a twist in his stomach and a loud gurgle that caused Katsuki to pull away from him and stare.

 

"The fuck you tryna say, shitty Deku?" Katsuki growled with a smirk as he shoved the boy away.

 

Izuku flushed In embarrassment and turned away from his snickering boyfriend. "Shut up, Kacchan."

 

 He looked around for something to eat and observed the vendors set up everywhere, loud colors and voices calling out for attention. Izuku spied the food choices around him eagerly but as soon as his gaze landed on the prices, he cringed and turned away. Izuku heard Katsuki snort behind him and looked to his hooded boyfriend as he cocked his head in question.

 

"You don't have to worry about the price, Deku." Katsuki grumbled as he watched Izuku make a face over the food.

 

The green haired teen uncharacteristically stuck his tongue out at Katsuki and left the blonde frozen as he quickly walked ahead, searching for more vendors. There was the same variety repeating throughout the tents and Izuku was beginning to become more impatient. More specifically, his stomach. A loud grumble made Izuku clutch at his abdomen and look around embarrassedly. 

 

It was at that moment when he saw exactly what he had been unconsciously craving. A gasp escaped his parted lips, Katsuki just then catching up to the hungry Izuku. His head snapped to the left to see what Izuku was shocked by, heart beginning to race in fear. To his surprise he did not see a villain nor a friend.

 

What he saw was a cotton candy stand.

 

With a groan, he smacked the back of Izuku's head, relief washing over him. The response he got was a glare and a nudge to his chest.

 

"Kacchan, don't sound so disappointed. I get that you want to blow up some villains but," Izuku chided as he interlaced his fingers with Katsuki's. "I think that we should get some cotton candy instead."

 

Katsuki rolled his eyes and began to tug Izuku towards the multi-colored tent. With the bundle of barely restrained chatter next to him, he knocked on the front counter to get the attention of the man whose back was to them. The man turned around with a large smile on his face and the two nearly choked on their own tongues. Well, Katsuki nearly did. Izuku ended up actually choking on air.

 

"Hizashi-sensei?" Katsuki said in exclamation as his hand quickly retracted from Izuku's hold.

 

Yamada's grin grew wider as he recognized his student's faces and his eyes twinkled with a knowing gleam. "Midoriya! Bakugou! What are you two doing here?"

 

Izuku regained his composure and smiled at the hero who was manning the station. "Hello, Hizashi-sensei! Ah, a few of us from Class A wanted to come here because we heard there was a fair nearby...I would have never imagined you, a hero, to be here! Are there any other heroes? Oh! Is All-Might around?" Green eyes sparkled with surprise and the teacher laughed at his student's antics.

 

"Sorry Midoriya! All-Might had some stuff to discuss with Nedzu-sensei and couldn't come. In the meantime, what can I get you?" Hizashi asked as he snapped back into his current job's personality.

 

"I'll take-"

 

"We'll have one yellow and one green. Both medium size." Katsuki cut off with a look. Izuku gave a tight-lipped smile in slight