could inquire about it.

Calloused fingers slide underneath Louis’ tee shirt, and he briefly wanders if everyone who plays guitar has hands like Niall’s. The thought vanish as quickly as it enters as he felt the hand reach up, bunching up his shirt to his armpit, reaching a nipple.

Niall flicks it with his finger, and Louis lets out an involuntary groan. He can feel Niall smirking against his collarbone as he moves to pull Louis’ shirt off, realizing his mistake of tying him up so soon. But Niall is hardly fazed by it, tucking the hem of his shirt over Louis’ head and behind his neck and without a moment’s hesitation, Niall’s warm wetness envelopes his right nipple as finger tweaks the left.

While his eyes are closed, Louis can feel every suck and flick of Niall’s tongue, and it’s driving him crazy. He doesn’t know where he learned how to do this, but he’s not complaining. Instead, he’s whimpering at the contact, and begging for more with a simple jolt of his hips forward, Niall is growling at him again. “Louis, patience is a virtue” he breathes against the wetness of Louis’ nipple, which sends chills through the surrounding area.

Niall seems a little irritated by Louis’ actions, but it quickly disappears as he is sliding down his body, sprinkling a path of kisses down to his waist, his fingers raking over the fine hair on Louis’ chest. Placing sinful, open mouth kisses against his waistline, Niall’s fingers fumble with the buttons and zipper of Louis jeans. Louis moves to help him, but meets resistance against his wrist. Oh yeah, he forgot that he was tied down.

It doesn’t matter now though because Niall finally undoes them, sliding the bulky material down roughly to Louis’ ankles. Without any moments wasted, Niall is bending down and mouthing his hardness through the fabric of Louis’ boxer briefs, which cause a rather loud groan to escape the older boy’s mouth. When Niall moves away, Louis can feel the wetness of the material against his erection where his mouth had been and he whimpers again.

“You want it? Beg.” Niall has this positivity devilish glint in his eye and a smirk to match and if Louis hadn’t been staring at him, he would have missed it. As Louis bites down on his swollen bottom lip, Niall is palming him through his boxer briefs and Louis is not at all beneath begging at this point.

“Niall, please….” He sounds like a child, but he doesn’t care, if he has to beg to get these damn briefs off, then he’s going to give it all he’s got.

He must have said something right, because Niall is pulling the strangling material down, his jeans and them coming off and thrown down on the floor carelessly. He can feel Niall’s deep warm breathes against his head and he’s about to come undone without his mouth even on him. Louis whimpers, closing his eyes tight as he ruts up as to remind Niall that he was still there, naked, hard, and horny.

Niall leans forward, opening his mouth around the head, his sinful tongue swirling the tip like he’s done this before, and Louis is got to ask him where he’s learned it all, but not now because it feels so goddamn good. He’s a whimpering mess by now, and can’t form a coherent thought let alone words, it’s like Niall is teasing his composure away. And Louis supposes he is, because he can’t think straight anymore except to try to get his dick into that pretty little mouth as much as possible.

Just as Niall starts to move his mouth down and back up, he’s gone and Louis is opening his eyes to look at him sternly like he just took away his new favorite toy. He watches the younger boy move away, shedding his own clothes quickly, and it’s Louis’ turn to growl, “Tease.”

Smirking, Niall doesn’t say a word as he crawls back up Louis, sticking his fingers into his mouth, and Louis doesn’t need instructions to what to do next. He’s sucking those two fingers like it’s the last thing he’ll ever suck and Niall is now rolling his eyes to the back of his head and opening those pretty pink lips to let out a low groan. Louis can make out a few words that sounded like ‘lips’ ‘fucking good’ and ‘sin’ and he’s pleased with himself as Niall slides his fingers out, Louis’ mouth making a nice ‘popping’ sound.

Louis is memorizing the pressure of Niall’s body against his when he feels the boy shifts down, sitting on his haunches as he slides the pad of his thumb over Louis puckered hole and that’s it, Louis has no sense of whatever else is going on, doesn’t care if they left the game playing or if the other boys can hear them