I start to wonder. He always seemed like the best pilot around here, then went and crashed the ship on his first mission. Not much of a prodigy if you ask me- oof!”

Before Iverson could continue his tirade against Shiro, he was interrupted by Keith’s fist meeting his face. Iverson doubled over, gripping his jaw, which gave Keith the perfect angle to spit directly into his eyes.

“With all due respect, sir? Get bent.”
_

“Hey, Keith, no playing Mission Impossible tonight,” Lance called casually as he strutted into Keith’s dorm. “Hunk has an exam tomorrow and wants a decent night’s sleep- what are you doing?”

Keith was hunched over his bed, his few belongings stuffed into a duffel bag that sat atop the now cleared mattress. “Well, I- uh.”

“Are you ditching?” Lance asked in exasperation.

“No!” Keith assured. “I would never do that! I got…expelled.”

“What?!”

Keith looked sheepishly down to the floor and tried to occupy himself packing. “Yeah, I, uh...look, it doesn’t matter, alright?”

Lance wouldn’t be so easily brushed off, though. He sidled up next to Keith’s bed, a sly grin spread wide across his face. “Keeeeeeeith…..”

Keith continued to ignore him, but a deep red blush filled his face. “Leave it alone, Lance.”

“Come on, what did you do?”

“Nothing!”

“You know when you say that I’m just gonna start guessing.”

Keith rolled his eyes. “Fine, go ahead. I don’t care.”

Lance’s grin somehow grew impossibly wider. “You...pranked the headmaster.”

“No.”

Lance nodded knowingly. “Yeah, you’re too much of a stick in the mud for that one. I, on the other hand…”

“Don’t get any ideas. Next.”

Lance smirked. “Oh, I thought you wanted me to leave you alone?”

Keith sighed and turned to sit on the empty bed. “I did, but I know you won’t, so. What else you got?”

Lance stroked his chin in thought. “They realized you’ll never live up to my mad skills and decided to just get ahead of the game and kick you out?”

Keith shook his head.

Lance nodded. “They’ll get there someday. Did you...do what we’ve all wanted to do for years and tell off Iverson?”

Keith said nothing.

Lance’s jaw dropped and his eyes widened. “No. No no no you didn’t!”

Keith blushed again, painting his face all the way to his ears a deep red. “It’s not a big deal.”

Lance sputtered and rushed forward to grip Keith’s shoulders. “This is...Keith. This is the biggest deal in the history of the world.”

Keith rolled his eyes. “Can we just let it go? I’ll be out of your way, so I’m sure you’re thrilled. I didn’t want to get kicked out, you know. I wanted to…” He trailed off, looking to the framed photo of him and Shiro in their uniforms on Keith’s first day at the Garrison, one of the few personal possessions he kept in his dorms. “Whatever. It doesn’t matter now.”

Lance stepped back and looked Keith over. “You don’t...do you think I’ve wanted you gone?”

Keith scoffed and stared at his feet. “Well, yeah, you made that pretty clear.”

“Keith, no…” Lance began, “I don’t hate you or anything. I just want to be beat you!”

Keith looked up at Lance quizzically. “What?”

Lance nodded and put his hands on his hips. “Everyone always talks about how great you are! Even when you were pulling this whole mopey angsty thing and pissing everyone off, all the officers were just sitting around waiting for their beloved Keith to return. Meanwhile, I’m over here working my butt off just to get promoted from cargo and all I hear is how great you are.”

Keith stared in awe as Lance continued his tirade. That’s what all of that had been about?

“But yeah, dude, I don’t hate you or anything. When it comes down to it, you’re...not a bad person. You clearly care about getting Shiro back, which I can respect.”

Keith sighed and let his head fall into his hands, elbows braced against his legs. “Yeah, well, nothing to do about it now, all because I couldn’t just grit my teeth.”

Lance sat on the floor and pulled his knees up, letting his elbows fall loosely onto his knees. “Yeah, what happened there? I mean, I know Iverson is a jerk and totally deserved it, but why now? We were all trying so hard to stay under the radar.”

Keith sighed and hid his