stops as the boards creak underneath her feet!

OH OKAY! This was a bad idea, oh sweet Arceus not like this! The bridge sways below and she clenches the rope, her heart drops.

"Pew-peeeew!" The tiny Pokemon cries out, and Freya snaps her focus back towards it as the bird Pokemon continue their attack. The Kantoan kneels down on the bridge and swiftly crawls her way to Nebby, throwing herself over the Pokemon to protect it.

"Come on! Get out of here!" Freya furiously swats out at the Spearow, only to be clawed in response. In the spur of the moment, Nebby flashes a blue light in Freya's face, causing the bridge to collapse! She desperately clings onto Nebby as they both began to fall, the sound of rushing water ringing through her ears!

I don't wanna see, I don't wanna see! Not like this! Freya's attempts to scream lodge in the back of her throat and her eyes swell shut, she plummets closer to the raging river!

The sound of leaves quivering comes to life in the air as a yellow Pokemon swoops its way through the trees, catching Freya and Nebby. She opens her eyes as the new Pokemon gently sets her down next to the blonde girl, still clutching Nebby. Freya gawks at the unknown Pokemon who stares at Nebby, then back to her. "Koooookoooo!" The Pokemon lets off an electrical surge then flies back off deeper into the ruins, as Nebby leaps down from Freya's lap.

"Pew-ew-pew!" Nebby whimpers at the blonde, the sound of crunching leaves behind the three stirs Freya. Tysame runs to his trainer who greets hims with a tight hug.

"Chaaaaar!" the Charmander looks at Freya uneasily after noticing the scratch marks on her arm. Freya smiles at Tysame and waves her hand to show she's okay, then stands up.

I feel safer now that you're here. Her attention is drawn back to the girl before her.

"You tried using your powers again. Oh, Nebby..." she sighs, "you know what happened after you used it. You couldn't move for ages after that. I don't want to see you like that again, Nebby. No… I shouldn't say that. I'm sorry, Nebby, I know you were trying to save me before. And I couldn't even help you in return…" She mutters to Nebby as a delicate smile forms on her lips, her cheek glistens with a single tear.

"Pew!"

"What… What is that?" The girl's head tilts as Nebby brings her a sparkling stone.


Saved you before…? This doesn't add up… Oh, who am I kidding, I don't know what happened! Stop jumping ahead of yourself, you dummy.


"Pew Pew."

"A sparkling… stone? Its warm… OH!" She exclaims, finally acknowledging Freya who was now gazing at her eyes.


Oh wow… an emerald green. Their gorgeous.


"Please forgive me…" Catching a glimpse of the appalling marks the Spearows left on Freya's arm, her lips tremble as she tucks a thin golden lock of hair behind her ear.

"I'm grateful to you for helping us out of that dangerous spot, I know Nebby is too," the girl says with a hint of reassurance in her voice. She meets Freya's gaze with a warm smile.

Lillie's breath-taking appearance finally registers in Freya's head properly, breaking her from her daze and sending her crashing back into reality. "Huh? What? Wait, who are you?" .

"I think this stone must belong to you." The girl only shrugs off Freya's question, handing Freya the stone. Twirling the stone between her fingers, Freya's eyes trace over the stones peculiar pattern where they come to a halt where a small cress sits in the middle.

Hmm.. I don't think this one is from father.. It is pretty warm. She then tucks the stone in her back pocket.

"Please… Don't tell anyone about this… about…" she mutters while looking down at the Pokemon next to her, "about seeing Nebby… it's.. let's keep it a secret, okay?" Her voice goes soft when she glances up at Freya.

I'm not sure what it is about Nebby, but it's very suspicious that you'd want keep something like that cute puffball a secret... Her stomach begins to form knots and her hands slightly tremble. Tysame tugs at the girl's shirt, and she meets his gaze, easing her shoulders down.

"Um, yeah, s-s-sure thing…" Freya's cheeks turn a soft cherry pink as she manages to choke up her words, her eyes darting right to the blonde girl's feet. The girl's lips curve upwards with a twinkle in her eye's, she bows her head to Freya.

"Come on, Nebby. Get inside the bag."