it," Douglas orders, exasperated. "You are meant to like it."

Martin unwraps it with great care, picking off the strips of sellotape, smoothing and folding the wrapping paper. When he sees that inside is a sunglasses' case, marked Ray-Ban Aviator, his eyes narrow with suspicion.

"Oh come on," says Douglas. "It's the best kind of present. You get to genuinely enjoy wearing them and I get to genuinely enjoy teasing you about them. Win-win all round." He pulls the case out of Martin's hands and opens it, taking out the glasses and sliding the case into the pocket of Martin's jacket. He unfolds the glasses and steps up close to the other man, gently sliding them onto Martin's face.

Douglas looks critically at the result. "I knew they'd look good on you. I know you bought the black ones but I think these blue ones suit your colouring better." 

"Really?" Martin's voice is soft and slightly choked. They are standing so close that Douglas can feel the puff of breath on his cheek. He can see his fingers still resting on the arms of the glasses, his thumbs pressed lightly against Martin's high cheekbones. He can see the blush spreading across Martin's face, a rising wave engulfing his ears and spreading up into his hairline.

It suddenly occurs to Douglas that they are standing far too close for two hetrosexual men and they've been doing so for some time. Martin has made no effort to move away, either to easily step backwards or to awkwardly demand to know what Douglas is playing at. 

Curious now, Douglas gently strokes his thumbs along Martin's cheekbones. A nervous tongue flickers out for a moment to lick dry lips and Martin swallows audibly. But he still doesn't step away. 

Douglas has long suspected that Martin has something of a crush on him and has frankly considered it nothing more than his due given his sky-god status. But he'd thought of it as a man crush based on his abilities as a pilot and his generally lucky life, rather than a crush founded in physical desire. Based on the blushing evidence in front of him, he is rapidly re-evaluating his analysis. 

It is not something he admits to general acquaintances but his thousand stewardesses had in fact included a fair number of willing stewards, Douglas being more than happy to reward admiration wherever it might come from. 

He'd not thought of his captain in that light but for many months after that first unfortunate meeting he'd not been able to see anything under the captain's hat other than an incompetent interloper that he bitterly resented. However somewhere along the line Martin had gained both a little confidence and growing skill as a pilot and Douglas had gained a more charitable attitude and a friend. Looking closely at Martin's delicate features he realised he'd gained a really rather attractive friend. An attractive and apparently willing friend....

Douglas has always been one to make the most of an opportunity, ready to adapt the plan to take advantage of changed circumstances. "There is another birthday tradition we could indulge in, if you wish," he says softly, letting his voice drop in pitch. He feels Martin shiver under his hands.

"What?" Martin asks, his voice a breathless whisper.

Douglas lets his one hand slide round to gently cradle the back of Martin's head, fingers pushing into soft hair. With his other he trails his fingertips down Martin's cheek and lets his thumb rub slowly across that plush lower lip.

"The birthday kiss." Martin slowly pulls his thumb back, letting it drag Martin's lip down, letting it rub against the moist interior, making his intentions as clear as possible to give Martin time to step away if he wishes to. Instead Martin sways closer, tilting his head up, lips parting a fraction as he does so.

"We'll want these out of the way, then." Douglas carefully removes the sunglasses and tucks them into the breast pocket of Martin's shirt. He watches as Martin stares down at their feet, unable to meet his gaze, eyelashes fluttering with nerves. Douglas carefully takes Martin's face under the chin, coaxing it back up again and then brushes his lips across Martin's mouth.

Martin's lips are soft and dry, the lower lip chapped from where Martin tends to gnaw it when nervous. Douglas runs the tip of his tongue across the damage. Martin sways forward into the contact and has to grab at Douglas's hips with his hands to keep his balance. 

"Happy birthday Captain," whispers Douglas against Martin's lips, letting his breath gust into the other man's mouth and then letting his tongue follow. He can feel Martin shivering as he presses closer against Douglas, tentatively sucking at the tongue in his mouth. 

"Ah, there you-- God God, what are you doing?"

"They're kissing, mum! It's Martin's birthday, remember. You always kiss me on my birthday."

"Not