!" jinyoung makes a move at him now but before be can jaebum is pulling him back, shaking his head lightly like he can't believe he has to hang around with such kids all day. 

"jaebummie-hyung," jinyoung whines as he being pulled away and yugyeom gags, turning his head away from the disgusting sight of jinyoung's aegyo. 

yugyeom gets comfortable in his corner again, trying to relish in the last couple of minutes before dance practice starts up again. he's nearly completely forgot why he was even so annoyed earlier on, the cold press of the glass so soothing on his flushed and sweaty forehead that its almost like all his worries have been sucked out of his head. that is until the door crashes upon and one of the stylist-nuna's bursts into the room looking close to tears. 

"jimin-ah, look at this picture i just got of bambam with yoonji-unni!" 

oh yeah, now he remembers why he was so annoyed. 

jimin's and jackson's head snap up at the mention of bambam, distracting them from the conversation about... you guessed it bambam. and not only do they head over to squeal about the picture, but so does mark, the guy who yugyeom has literally only seen talking to jackson and usually just sits quietly in the corner observing the chaos. yugyeom watches in poorly disguised disbelief as the four of them gather around the phone to oh and ah at the picture. 

jackson squeezes mark's arm, shaking them slightly, "nuna, you have to send me this picture!" 

"how is he so small," jimin cries, "i'm so jealous of yoonji-unni, i wish i could feed bammie ice cream on my lap like that." 

mark hums and nods, a small smile on his face as he looks down at the picture. 

yugyeom. has. had. enough. 

he pushes himself up and without a glance at anyone else, stalks out of the room fuming. what sort of self respecting fourteen year old would sit on a staff-nuna's lap and be fed ice cream like a baby. not yugyeom anyway! he has a bit of dignity and its not like he'd even fit, he towers over everyone now because of his growth spurt back in may. but that doesn't matter, because even if he could fit he wouldn't want to be sitting on people's laps. the last thing he wants to be is babied. he wants respect. sure, he rarely gets it from the hyungs and the nunas mostly ignore him to coo over the younger trainees like bambam but that doesn't matter because yugyeom doesn't need all that attention. he doesn't. 

he hadn't been looking where he was going during his fit of rage which was probably why he collided with another body, sending the other person and whatever they had been holding to the floor. even in his anger yugyeom couldn't bring himself to be impolite to the person he had just knocked over so he hurriedly bent down to try and help them up. 

"i-i'm sorry, i wasn't looking where i was going," he hold out a hand and a tiny one grabs his own. "it's okay, it's fine" the voice says, high and noticeably accented. yugyeom helps pull him up and the first thing he notices is that the boy is small, like barely reaches yugyeom's shoulder small. the second thing he notices is that he's cute, he could almost be described as pretty, in such a charming way that yugyeom flushes and rushed to start apologizing again. 

"no, no i-," yugyeom notices the ice cream that's now covering the floor below them, "i made you drop your ice cream, i'm sorry, i-i'll buy you a new one."

the boy laughs, high-pitched and sweet, and yugyeom blushes more fiercely, "no, i swear, its okay." the boy pauses, scrunching up his eyebrows cutely at yugyeom, "um, i'm not really sure how to ask this properly yet but- err, when's your date of birth? i-i'm sorry if this is rude but i'm foreign and i'm still not really sure how all of this-" he gestures vaguely with his arm, "works yet."

yugyeom shouldn't find the boy's rambling so endearing but he does, "it's fine, you'll get the hang of it soon enough," yugyeom smiles, "mine's november 17th, 1997. you?" 

the boy smiles wide at him and yugyeom tries not to find the fact the he's wearing braces even more adorable. "may 2nd, 1997."

yugyeom's eyebrows shoot up at the boy's answer, the boy looks like he's barely twelve yet somehow he's supposed to be older than yugyeom. what the..? 

the boy doesn't look surprised at his reaction and shrugs, "at least i'll