of both their erections, for both men were giddy with the need to come, and John knelt before him to unfasten the shoes with the cascades of blue shuddering petals. John bestowed more kisses upon Sherlock’s exposed feet, his ankles, calves and thighs before joining him on their bed.

White curtains fluttered.

Trembling with the effort of being slow, of prolonging their joy, of not leaping on one another, John and Sherlock turned and lay down. They fit together perfectly as they had from the first time they’d seen each other like this, naked and wanting. A hand found a hip, another hand a neck, a cheek. Minutes of languid caresses melted and dulled the edges of their shared desperation.

Above the coastline seagulls cried as one man climbed to sit between the open legs of the other. Into soft sheets John pushed softer skin.

I'm being kindly cruel and cruelly kind in splitting up the previously Epic Chapter of Sex into two smaller installments... We can all wait with the boys, can't we? Patience will be rewarded. 

Thank you sincerely to all those who have taken the time to say lovely things so far - it makes a girl glow even more than writing this stuff does.

More to come shortly! *cough cough*

Finally the waiting game becomes too much.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

‘I wonder what I ever did to deserve an angel like you.’

‘Mmm?’ Sherlock blinked a few times, looking up at John with eyes dazed and lashes lowered.

‘You, Sherlock.’ John grasped Sherlock’s knees, stroked them. ‘No one on earth has ever been more beautiful, more perfect than you. You looked like a bloody dream in that dress and those shoes, you really did. You look like a bloody dream now, actually.’

Sherlock grinned crookedly at his lover, letting that soft voice had calm him to the point that he wasn’t about to pass out from lack of air and frustration. He found John’s lips with his own and their smiles met; one man groaned when he felt the other’s tongue. When they broke for air, the detective said, ‘I was hoping that they’d inspire this effect.’

‘You didn’t hope – you knew.’ John ran his hands gently down from knees to the insides of long thighs, smiling.

Sherlock frowned, crinkling his nose. ‘You’re thinking. Are you thinking? What are you thinking?’

‘Ah,’ John laughed gently, ‘now that would be telling, sweetheart.’ He lay down on his front, lowering himself between his detective’s splayed knees so that his face settled above a proud and dripping cock.

Sherlock propped himself up on his elbows to scowl down at his soldier. ‘I demand that you tell me.’

‘As I see it,’ purred John, breathing warm breaths over engorged flesh, ‘you’re in no position to demand anything.’

‘But I want to know what you’re – ah!’

John hum-laughed around a mouthful of Sherlock. He opened up his throat, breathing hard through his nose and took his cock deep - almost down to the base. Another slow breath and he was there, tongue quickly swiping his balls, just in time for Sherlock to look down and see him: red lips stretched, dark eyes watering. As the pair locked gazes Sherlock emitted a low, whining gasp and watched John swallow hard around him; when he was freed from the hot, delicious confines of that throat he let his hips buck, thrusting the head of his erection against John’s eager tongue. The tip and sides of that tongue flicked and swirled and Sherlock let the wet, hot silkiness take him over until his knuckles were white even against his pale skin as he clutched the duvet.

Both men had been flirting with the very edge of oblivion for some time now - they knew that a few more hard sucks or swipes of tongue would see John’s mouth filled with come. They also knew that John was enjoying a little too much the feel of heavy cotton sheets beneath his hips, and that continued thrusting would see them thoroughly stained.

‘John… mmm, uh – John – stop, stop, stop.’

Reluctantly the soldier’s mouth slowed and he freed Sherlock’s cock wetly. He blew onto it. Sherlock’s groans thundered around the room and goosebumps flew across a curving torso and set of long, quivering limbs. For the third time John and Sherlock wordlessly called a truce; stopped, panted, collected themselves. Stepped hand in hand once again a few paces away from the brink.

John shuffled up the bed to lay once more next to  the consulting detective, hissing when his cock accidentally rubbed up against Sherlock’s thigh in the process. Very occasionally they’d have sex like this – if they had a few hours to while away, they’d stretch out their enjoyment, drive each other and themselves mad with need for as long as they could, until one or both of them lost control. It was usually both. They