quiet, because YOU are trying to study! You aren’t the only person on the floor, Liam!” Zayn sneers at him. He shoves at Liam’s shoulders and he stumbles back a bit. Zayn presses forward, shoving at Liam again and again until his back hits the door. “If you fucking need quiet that bad, go live in the goddamn library!”

Now Liam is the one balking. Zayn’s calling him selfish?! Oh, no. Oh fucking no way. 

“You are so fucking annoying! You make me so mad!” 

“You make me mad!” Zayn spits back at him. 

And jesus. Liam literally just got hit in the face with a bit of Zayn’s spit. Holy shit. When did they get this close? Liam can feel Zayn’s body heat radiating from him. He can see the saliva on his lips and he can count every fucking eyelash. 

He feels himself open his mouth to say something, but nothing but hot breath comes out. And then. 

He doesn’t know who makes the first move. He doesn’t know whose eyes drifted down first or whose hand grabbed whose shirt. He doesn’t know when the huffing stopped and the kissing started. But it did. And it’s happening and Jesus fucking Christ.

The kiss is far from sweet. It’s hard and bruising. It’s messy and biting and Zayn’s rough and fuck. Liam loves it. God, he loves it. Ugh, fuck Niall. Fuck Niall so much. 

Zayn’s teeth dig into his bottom lip and he groans, hands trailing up Zayn’s side and to his shoulders. He digs his thumbs into the muscles and Zayn let’s out this delicious, breathy little moan. Liam uses that opportunity to lick into his mouth, tracing his tongue along the ridges of Zayn’s teeth. He pulls back before Zayn gets the chance to tangle his tongue with him. 

Zayn whines and Liam smirks, digging his thumbs into his shoulders one last time before letting go and shoving, hard. Zayn gasps as he stumbles back from Liam.

“Wh-”

“Take your shirt off.” Liam demands. Zayn’s mouth parts, but he doesn’t move. “Did you not hear me? Take your shirt off.” 

Zayn complies this time, scrambling to grip the fabric and tug it over his head. 

And Liam.

Well, Liam can’t help the slight drop of his mouth. It’s just. Zayn’s fucking beautiful. He’s so beautiful it’s fucking annoying. And okay, every passerby and stranger on the street can see that Zayn is beautiful. They can see his magnificent jawline and immaculate cheekbones. They can see his mile long lashes and his gorgeous deep, whiskey eyes. But, not everyone gets to see what Liam is seeing. 

They don’t get to see his lithe, shirtless body and surprisingly broad shoulders. They don’t get to see the golden skin of his torso and the contrast of the dark ink tattoos against it. Only Liam does. This Zayn, this Zayn is all for Liam. 

“You’re,” Liam starts, tongue flicking over his lips, as his eyes trail up and down Zayn’s body. “You’re...”

“I’m what?” Zayn asks. Liam’s eyes dart back to Zayn’s face. He looks smug. And cocky. And he’s doing that one eyebrow raise thing that Liam fucking hates. And Liam comes right back to reality. What is he doing?! Complementing Zayn!? He hates Zayn. This is just a hate fuck. And Liam will be damned if Zayn gets the upper hand.

“The worst.” Liam spits out, grabbing at Zayn’s hip and harshly pulling him into him. “The fucking worst.” 

“Yeah?” Zayn breathes. His breath hits Liam right in the face and what is wrong with him? Why is that hot? That should be gross. “Yeah, Liam? Am I? Am I really the-”

“Shut the fuck up.” Liam snarls. He gives Zayn a biting kiss and Zayn whines, standing up on his tiptoes and pushing his chest against Liam’s. Liam lets him, but only for a minute. He steps away, yanking his shirt off as he moves around Zayn into the center of the room. “Trousers off, pants too.” 

“You like telling me what to do, Liam?” Zayn asks, sliding his jeans down his legs.

“I don’t know, Zayn. You like me telling you want to do? Sure seems like it.” He nods at the very obvious bulge in his pants and Zayn scowls. Liam can’t help but smirk back. “Take them off.” Liam orders again. Zayn smirks and dips his fingers into the band, snapping it. 

“Why don’t you take them off for me?” He’s trying to tease Liam. Liam will not have that. He is in charge. He!

“Take them off.