presences is no longer needed here, would you like to walk or be transported back to the hotel Dean?" It took awhile but Castiel finally learned to ask before taking Dean, or Sam for that matter, anywhere he pleased. Apparently Dean didn't have much appreciation for it, go figure.

Dean was sure that had he been anyone else, he probably would have blushed at Sam's suggestion. But, he was himself so instead he just nodded his head in affirmation to Sam's words.

"I don't really feel like walking much right now," Dean said after a few seconds of thought. AKA, debating whether he wanted to risk losing his semi-erection, or just get back to the motel as quickly as possible and getting it on with Cas. Clearly he chose the latter.

Castiel nodded, clearly not understand the position he was currently in. Though he's watched his fair share of porno's, he never seemed to know when he's turned his lover on.

Pressing two conjoined fingers to Dean's forehead he transported them to their current crappy hotel they took residence in. Pulling his fingers away he was half expecting Dean to yell at him for his poor listening skills, but instead found his own personal space being invaded and his back being pressed into a very poorly decorated wall. "Dean..."

"Cas," Dean replied easily before leaning in and capturing said angel's lips in a kiss that would make a porn star jealous.

"You don't honestly think Sam is actually going to study imore/i now that we're close to having all of the holy items back do you?" he asked, knowing Cas believed exactly that because he hadn't known any better. Was it a sin to have so much fun teasing your poor gullible lover?

Something hot and fiery rose against Castiel's cheeks. Though he was an angel, thanks to his vessel he still had those weirdly annoying human attributed, like blushing when in cases of extreme embarrassment.

"I honestly and truly believed Sam wished to study for he seems to always act on impulse when it came to study whenever he had the urge" More heat rose from his cheeks down to his neck. For some reason telling the truth just seemed to make this blushing thing worse.

Dean laughed softly at Castiel's innocence and the firm blush planted on his face. At the confused and unsure look he got in response Dean planted a kiss on Cas's lips, his way of apologizing for laughing at him. "Now that we've covered why Sam's really gone, why aren't we making use of the time by doing what Sam left for in the first place?" Dean asked with a smirk. He just couldn't resist teasing the poor oblivious angel.

Castiel would have nodded, nothing compared to the way Dean made him feel in the comforts of a warm bed. Yet, there was always some sort of reason to bring something like this along. Like the time Dean gave him a popsicle for the first time. Apparently the way he sucked on the delicious treat, mimicked a certain act he did on Dean. This time their were no sweet treat involved, not even a porno to rustle Dean's jimmies. "Dean what has brought this along? I do not believe I've done anything to, what is it, get you in the mood?"

"You honestly don't know?" Dean actually sounded surprised, even if he should have known better by now.

"God Cas... You were so hot when you took control of the situation back there. Your slick movements when you were dodging attacks and the way you were being so protective over me," Dean had been nibbling down Cas' neck while moving so his hands were pushing under Cas' well loved trench coat, effectively pushing it off of his shoulders.

The slick tongue against his hot neck already had Cas mewling with want. "Dean, I do not understand how efficiently killing in front of you would make you wish to fornicate with me." Dean didn't seem to want to answer him anymore, instead of a response the hunter ground his hips against Castiel's. A moan ripped past the angel's lips, though he didn't talk much, Castiel was certainly a screamer in the sack. It could be do to the lack of experience but Dean didn't seem to mind it either way, in fact he seemed to rather enjoy it.

Biting his lower lip a thought crossed Cas's mind. Their was always a certain experiment he had in his head that he'd always wanted to try out. Using the strength only an angel could muster he gripped at Dean's collar and led him to the bed. There he pushed his hunter down, crawling a top him slow and sensually, with wild dilated eyes. Sitting on Dean's crotch be pulled on his tie. The site was something to behold.

A saint, an angel of the lord, a bulge outlining his pants, lips parted as small puff of air escaped, tie loose around his