cocky mouth. He caught himself smiling absently as he moved a pawn forward to be slaughtered by Ron's knight. 

As it was a Sunday on a Hogsmeade weekend, the common room was still empty at half-twelve, but the few students who had trickled by on their ways into town had given him the same look, and the Quidditch game, unbidden, roared back into focus, along with the subsequent night with Pansy.

Harry frowned at the chessboard. It was mid-April and he had until the end of June with Pansy. Then she would be gone. It would be over. His hand stilled above the pieces, trembling slightly.

"Harry?" Ron asked.

Harry shook his head. "Nothing."

Ron looked at him dubiously. 

"Nothing," Harry repeated. He knocked his king over, surrendering the game even though they were only a few plays in. "I'm going to go for a walk."

He didn't even give Ron a chance to respond before his was bounding back out of the portrait hole and down the stairs. Pansy would be in Hogsmeade with Greengrass, he was sure. His feet thundered down seven flights of stairs, through the castle doors and down the path to Hogsmeade. He was still running when he made it into town. 

Two months. Harry had two months with Pansy. He was going to spend every minute of it with her if he could help it, and he didn't give a damn what anyone thought of it.

He finally found her in the Happy Dementor—a shady little bar Seamus had shown him the year before and which he'd gotten drunk with Pansy at several times over the course of the year. 

She was sitting at the back with Greengrass, of course, hands wrapped around a large mug of Butterbeer, and the first thing he thought was that her shadow was bigger than she was. But he had always thought that. This was no different. 

Greengrass, sipping a glass of wine, chattered on inanely, her speech punctuated with filthy words as her curly hair bobbed about her face. Harry took a hesitant step forward, knowing that she would insult him if only to maintain their cover story, but not caring. He just wanted to look at her. She didn't even have to talk to him.

Pansy was a small thing, especially next to Greengrass and her huge mug of Butterbeer. Once, when Malfoy had been especially nasty, she had screamed in their little room and it had echoed for hours. Her feet had banged harshly against the walls, but she was small and always, always overcome by bigger things. 

Greengrass noticed him. 

She peered at him calculatingly from their table near assortment of moving-dementor photographs—all tinted bright, happy colours to make them look more like pretty swirls of smoke than the terrifying creatures they actually were. The irony rampant in the wizarding world was never lost on Harry.

"What are you doing here, Potter?" she asked.

Pansy stiffened next to her, head bobbing up to look at him with wide eyes. Harry took the remaining steps towards them and paused in front of their table. With Greengrass still sitting there, he couldn't just vault over the table and pull Pansy into his lap, but—but…yes.

"Good afternoon, Miss Greengrass, Miss Parkinson," Harry said in his smarmiest voice. Pansy choked on her Butterbeer and Greengrass procured a spectacular withering look for him from her repertoire. He sat down at the table, ordered a Butterbeer—because the last thing he wanted to do was get drunk in front of Daphne Greengrass—and stretched his arms over his head.

"Get up, Potter," Greengrass said—but only after she'd said several other choice things.

Harry shook his head. "I think we should be friends."

Greengrass laughed. "Friends, Potter? No one needs friends like you."

"That's for damned sure," Harry muttered. Pansy caught his eye from across the table, glaring. Harry glared back. She smiled into her mug of Butterbeer.

If he had ever known how easy it would be to win over Greengrass—well, he probably wouldn't have done it sooner, but it was easy to do, and he saved that knowledge for later. All he'd had to do was insult himself, even indirectly. 

He grinned beatifically when she slapped him on the back, and moved to sit in between the two girls so that Pansy might be able to slap him as well. He sipped his Butterbeer, fighting off the urge to pull Pansy to him as Greengrass alternately nattered and insulted him. 

She was drunk within the hour, having downed a whole bottle of wine, and her insults became worse with it. He suspected that she was beginning to tolerate him with the help of the alcohol. It was a wonderful day.

Once Greengrass ran off to the loos, he pulled Pansy aside—which any strong wind could've done—gave her a sloppy kiss hidden behind their hoods and said, "Ron and Hermione know."

"Potter!" Pansy hissed, outraged. Her