kay?”

 

Frisk sucked in a deep breath and stabilized themselves once they received control, stretching out their hands to keep themselves in balance as they cracked open an eye and stood a little straighter, rubbing their wrists as they climbed back over the hill, heading straight for the forested slopes of Mt. Ebott, worrying the sleeve of their sweater between their fingers.

 

[Where are we going now?] Goop asked, voice sounding significantly less strained.

 

{Don't worry about that, it's another one of our little places. This one 's less of a training ground, more of a recharge zone.} Chara responded lazily, and Goop made a confused noise, {Eh, it's okay, kinda confusing if you don't know what it is. Just trust Frisk, they know what they're doing.}

 

Frisk gently caressed the bumpy lines of the first tree, the effects of the forest running through their veins even with just a touch. They hummed 'Memory' as they danced over to find the correct gap between two fused tree trunks that made an archway just Frisk's size.

 

Chara breathed a sigh of relief as they passed the tree line, and an immediate change rippled tangibly through the air, like the forest was welcoming them. The truth to that statement was kind of morbid and perfect at the same time, but so was almost everything in Frisk's life, especially with Chara as an everlasting companion.

 

Frisk reached down and picked up the tiny woven circle of yellow buttercups, setting it in their hair as they flexed their fingers and rolled their wrists, Chara sparking some red across their fingertips as they wove them together, skipping over tree roots and gently running their fingers against the ridges in the tree bark as they danced through the leaves, giggling as the leaves gently shook.

 

They reached the clearing, smiling at the six gigantic trees that kept the area clear, the ground laced with roots and deep scars in the ground, the entire place buzzing with magical energy, stifling all of the natural growth aside from the six centerpieces of the colossal grove, the silence complete and beautiful.

 

Frisk passed on the control to Chara, and they waved to the trees, tapping the heart carvings in each of the trees, “Hey, Haze, Jassy, Adey, Cleo, Ted, Griff, how you doin'?”

 

The trees rustled their leaves and petals flew down from their respective trees, wide-petaled baby blues falling from Hazel's strong branches, whispering among the thick orange leaves falling in straight lines from Jasper. Delicate and thin royal blue blossoms dancing softly from Adeline's tall and willowy branches weaving in and around the curling, soft purple fronds of Cleopatra's foliage floating gingerly away. Teddy's contrasting tones of green in his leaves mixed with the pure and practically glowing neon yellow of Griffin's miniature blooms.

 

It was a sign of respect and allegiance, as well as a cheerful answer, from the six human souls.

 

Asriel had released them after the barrier was broken, and they rooted themselves as firmly as they could, growing rapidly and consistently, a marvel of nature. They kept themselves hidden from curious scientists and backpacking vandals with the soft yet forceful kind of magic that their mixing powers created, masking the sanctuary from everyone but the few chosen people that they allowed.

 

“Can we stay here for the afternoon?” Chara asked, and the wind picked, swirling and placing the leaves and petals into a 'yes' before blowing away. “Cool. Thanks.”

 

Chara handed over control to Frisk, the only one in their bond that could actually sleep, and Frisk smiled, tucking into the circle of roots at the center of the clearing and curling up, using their arms as a pillow, hair covering half of their face, casting them into a pseudo-darkness.

 

With the forest softly chanting, the air buzzing with magic, and their heart filled with determination, they fell asleep, and for the first time in a long while, their dreams were nothing but blessed twilight and perfect red, both colors guarding from the darkness of their own minds.

 

A good portion of this was made after midnight, so I apologize for all the copious mistakes in this. I was too lazy to edit it. On the bright side, this is one of the longer chapters, so yay! Anyway, comment if you want, I'll try to get back to as many people as possible.

Anatomically incorrect dancing.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

 

 

 

D • R • E • A • M • S

 

 

 

The fire burned deep within their veins, rising and scorching them from within as they breathed ash and tasted the charred air, mind a landscape of unknown crystal flames and chaotic bursts of nightmarish embers, looming over them like a dark spirit, spitting and hissing as they cowered from their own thoughts. Twisting flame filled their heart with poison as they danced, gasping breaths and furrowed brows as they twirled and span, leaping up and arcing down like water, eyes speaking more than they could ever say behind closed lids.

 

The cinders fell in deep, looping circles, crawling