that telltale clench in his jaw. Harry’s used to this by now but it never changes, the burning need to perform just to hold Zayn’s attention. He might not be witty or talented or good enough for Zayn in any other sense but he can do this. Even when Zayn is the one in control, Harry can still pin him to the bed without even touching him.



And he loves it. It heightens everything, makes him hyperaware of every exhale, every brush of his fingers over his too hot skin. Zayn knows it, of course he does, knows Harry inside out and backwards and up against the wall. That’s why this works for them, because it might look completely one sided to anyone else, like Zayn has all the power, but Harry has just as much of a hold over Zayn.



Harry’s hands are shaking as he drags them slowly up and down his thighs, not daring to touch where he’s really aching. Zayn still hasn’t told him he’s allowed to yet, but he wants to speed this up. He closes his eyes and sinks his teeth into his bottom lip, accentuates his breathing and lets his read roll back on his neck, arching his back as much as he can in this position.



He looks across at Zayn from under hooded lids and watches the tension in his jaw increase, sees his nostrils flare and hears the sharp exhale. Pleased with the reaction, Harry grins lazily and rolls his head again, letting his chin almost meet his chest before he leans forward.



“C’mon,” he pleads softly as Zayn’s eyes burn into his. “I don’t want to do it like this 
tonight
. I need you to touch me and if you want this to be any good at all you need to get over here right now before I come just from the way you’re looking at me.”



Zayn makes a noise that sounds a bit like a growl and crosses the room in two strides. For a second he just stands there and Harry gets dizzy looking up at him, the reality of what Zayn could do to Harry if he wanted, what Harry would let him do, washing over him. 



Zayn pushes Harry’s hair back off of his forehead, grounding him with just that one point of contact. “You were good 
tonight
, so I can give you what you want.”



Harry’s hands are limp by his sides, every nerve ending tensed in anticipation. He swallows and it sounds too loud in the quiet room.



Zayn lifts his chin minutely, the gesture barely noticeable and Harry reacts straight away, is up and out of the chair so fast he almost headbutts Zayn. It should worry him how easily he can read Zayn, how ready he is to obey commands that Zayn doesn’t even have to put into words, but he’s long past the point of caring now. He drops to his knees in front of the mirror - and he was right about how soft the carpet is - and looks back at Zayn over his shoulder, grinning even as he tries to look seductively up from under his eyelashes. His fringe is in his face which he thinks ruins the effect slightly but Zayn is taking off his suit jacket so it must be working.



Once his jacket is off, revealing the dark shirt underneath, Zayn toes off his shoes and socks, loosens his tie and undoes a few buttons to expose his neck. His movements are calm and calculated and there’s a grace about him that’s intrigued Harry from the beginning. He comes up to stand behind Harry and Harry feels a thrill go through him as he realises Zayn isn’t going to take anything else off.



Sometimes he likes to see Zayn’s body, spread out beneath him as he rides him or leaning over him until all he can see and smell and taste is zayn zayn zayn but there’s something about Zayn being fully dressed whilst Harry is naked that sends shivers over his skin. He feels exposed in the best way, but also strangely safe, like he knows Zayn will take care of him.



Zayn’s hand is stroking through Harry’s hair, his touch less gentle than it was before as he surveys their reflection in the mirror, him standing, still in his suit, and Harry on his knees. It takes the tiniest nudge of Zayn’s hand against the back of Harry’s head to get him to fall forwards, bracing himself with his palms against the floor until he’s on his hands and knees, back arched and head tilted up so he can meet Zayn’s eyes.



“Head down,” Zayn says, watching him in the mirror. “Don’t look up until I say you can.”



Harry’s head drops as a shudder rolls over his body. The slight chill of the room is cool on his skin, raising hairs and making him feel all the more desperate for Zayn to touch him. From this position he can only stare down at the carpet and his own hands, unable to see what Zayn is doing.



He holds