the skin of his collarbone from his mouth. 

Jongin looks up at Sehun with half-lidded eyes, breath shallow, hips jerking when Sehun drags his fingers up Jongin’s cock lightly. Sehun’s eyes glimmer, fluctuating from a deep red like that of Jongin’s blood to a vibrant blood-orange, almost artificial in colour. 

A low whine leaves Jongin’s lips when the denim of Sehun’s jeans comes into contact with his length. Sehun doesn’t think twice into snaking his tongue into Jongin’s mouth and if the latter were sober he would have given more of a shit about his own blood in his mouth. 

He has Jongin coming in seconds. White streaks along the black of Sehun’s clothing and up Jongin’s own chest; the vulgar praises that spill from Sehun’s lips between kisses are filthy. Jongin shudders, coming down from his high with his own blood on his tongue.

It looks like a murder scene. Jongin’s sheets are stained red and blood is smeared across their skin; caking as it dries and Jongin clamps a hand over his neck. Reality diffuses between them and drowns the numbness he felt moments prior. 

“So, how was that?” Sehun begins after some time, voice hoarse. “Did I disappoint?”

Jongin’s breathing has yet to even out; the tremors of his orgasm still sending aftershocks through his body, mostly radiating from his neck. He doesn’t reply.

“I take that as a no,” Sehun answers for him. “This is a good image for you.”

“Shut up,” Jongin says breathlessly. “I’ll-”

“Kill me?” Sehun tilts his head, smile pleasant despite the state that they’re in. “I know.” Sehun pushes Jongin’s hair away from his face. 

Jongin’s breathing evens out to a steady rise and fall of his chest and the glow of Sehun’s eyes have retreated. He doesn’t reply. Shame runs thick in Jongin’s veins and he winces at the dull pain in his neck. Sehun watches him expectantly, waiting for an answer that Jongin can’t bring himself to say. He forces himself to stand and with shaky legs he heads toward his bathroom. He doesn’t look back over his shoulder, and continues to walk down the hall; vaguely aware that Sehun is following him with light steps. His inhale is sharp when he sees his reflection. There are blood stains around his mouth from and down his chest; and he almost doesn’t recognise himself. 

“Red is a good colour on you.” 

Jongin hears Sehun’s voice from over his shoulder and he stares past his reflection to see Sehun standing by the doorway, arms folded elegantly across his chest as he stares Jongin down, a hint of a smirk on his lips as he talks.

He doesn’t give Sehun the satisfaction in replying, turning the dial for the faucet and standing over the sink to wash the blood away from his skin. He takes his time and once he finishes, he looks more like himself save for the puncture wounds along his collarbones that he can’t help but stare at. 

“So,” Sehun’s eyes pulse with colour, staring at Jongin through the mirror and very aware of the tightness in Sehun’s jeans when he looks down. “Am I a free man?”

Jongin turns, leaning back against the sink and he stares at his feet a little before looking back at the blood that stains Sehun’s mouth. “What do you think?”

“I would say so.” The tips of Sehun’s hair are tinted red. “You’d be lying to yourself if you say that you didn’t enjoy that, we both know that much.”

“You’re not wrong.” Jongin exhales and he grips at the porcelain, cool beneath his fingertips. 

“As expected.” Sehun grins triumphantly. “Now, about my other offer?”

Chanyeol’s talks of eternity echo in the back of Jongin’s mind; an afterthought that pricks at his senses and he’s left staring at the tiles of his bathroom floor. Confusion swims in Jongin’s head. He isn’t 100% sure on what he wants, but he definitely doesn’t want to admit that the pain is arousing, addicting almost; and can see why Baekhyun gets a high from Sehun’s touch.

“I don’t know…” Jongin trails off. “Why me?” He ends up asking instead, not following the initial line of his argument.

Sehun steps forward and lightly runs his fingers across where his teeth have marked Jongin’s skin. “To be honest, bounty, I don’t quite know myself.” Sehun says with a light laugh, grabbing Jongin’s towel from the rack, wetting it before wiping over the parts that Jongin’s missed. “It was as if there was a gravitational pull drawing me to you.” When he presses a little too hard Jongin winces and Sehun chides him for being a baby. “But to put it simply - I want you