’d wanted to renege on his words, the opportunity wasn’t given to him. Instead his attention snapped to the sensation of digits harshly rubbing the head of his cock, sliding over the raw skin and tormenting him with a new round of pleasure. Slight pain prickled throughout the engorged crown of his erection, sending his senses into chaos.

“Oh? You’re going to have to ask a lot nicer than that.”

Eren whimpered, gnawing on his bottom lip when the agonizing digits crept from the crown to base. Even if this was the same ordeal he underwent each time he was in the captain’s embrace, the routine was inalterable. For it was only a matter of seconds that Levi’s slick hand had returned him to his previous rigid state.

“P-Please….” he practically whispered, “Violate me, Captain.”

His plea seemed to enliven the other, for Levi wasted no time in grabbing the boy by the hips and shoving in. His rapacity caused Eren’s eyes to seal abruptly, and his mouth to gape, permitting a jagged groan to split the air.

“Captain!”

The amorous cry receded when he was snared in a brusque kiss. Eren moaned around the probing tongue, arms encircling Levi’s neck and hands trailing down the width of his back. Nails stabbing into the pale surface, he briefly remarked the slight flinch from Captain before the elder retreated slightly, only to hammer back in a breath later.

“Na….ha…. C-Captain. I don’t think…. I won’t….”

Levi’s brows knit, yanking him from his secure place against his neck to gain direct contact.

“You’ve got to be kidding me,” he spoke in disbelief, “I’ve barely done shit to you!”

Before Eren could articulate a response, the calidity within him vanished entirely. He glanced up to question as to why, but was soon answered when he was lifted from his lap to be placed on his stomach, his gaze centered on the now engorgement before him.

“Suck me,” Levi demanded, “I’m not going back in just for you to blow a few seconds after.”

Cheeks ablaze, Eren leaned forward. He inhaled deeply, the cap of his small tongue peeking through his lips. Why was he so flustered? He had performed countless of times, and yet, Captain always had a manner of dismantling his poise.

Either way, it didn’t matter.

Casting off his bashfulness, he pressed on. He was rewarded with constricted breath as he captured the tip, and used it as the motivation to go forth. The taste of Levi was alluring, irresistible to be precise, and always seemed to have him yearning for more. A hand dropped onto his head, briefly skimming the brunette tresses before resuming its dormant position. Convinced he was successful in his beginning acts, Eren applied a bit of suction, slowly gliding his lips down to the tumid root.

Encouraged by the twitch of Levi's cock within him, Eren struck up a fervid rhythm, bobbing along the length and dragging his tongue against a broad vein on the underside. Bitter droplets of fluid coated his throat as he worked, moistening it and expanding the pit of lust residing in his very center.

The fullness lodged in his mouth was gratifying, pleasant even, and he licked and swallowed wherever he could reach, falling prisoner to the act. He was so blinded that after a spell, even the aching of his own lower body ceased to distract him. Just when his euphoria was beginning to spike, Levi’s taste vanished, and he was once more hauled closer, perched suggestively over his glistening erection.

Eren’s hands immediately sought a handle on the captain’s muscled shoulders, knowing that he wouldn’t have long to get comfortable. His suspicions were swiftly affirmed, Levi tugging him down and sliding back within his tight seal only seconds later. He squeaked out a cry of surprise; his insides were glaringly raw, Levi’s cock rubbing them mercilessly as he began to hammer up into the narrow space. Even so, there was a curious undercurrent of ecstasy as he was jolted from within, pleasure licking at him amongst the other sensations.

Despite wanting to do nothing but immerse in the gratifying friction and allow himself to be enraptured by Captain’s dynamism, Eren knew his body all too well. The tingling within him from before subsisted, and if Levi continued to drive into that same area, he would explode. Still, he had no intention of disappointing his superior for whom he had more idolization for than he’d ever admit.

His fingers dug into the chiseled expanse of skin gracing the back of Levi’s neck. They slowly descended, his jagged nails creating multiple reddened lines until they found comfort in the middle of his back. Using that as leverage, he began to rock his own hips to sync with the ones beneath.

“Eren."

Levi pushed him back, but only enough to where he was able to flick his tongue against the protruding buds. In response, Eren ground against him, causing a slight hiss