heard a soft sound from the back seat. He looked in the rearview and saw a lump on the seat buried under a scratchy-looking, olive drab blanket. He was about to dismiss it altogether when it moved.

Jared quickly pulled off into the parking lot of a gas station and stared at the lump. Cautiously he reached over and gave the blanket a gentle tug. It slipped down to reveal a tousled mop of dark blonde hair and wide, teary green eyes above a mouth covered in duct tape.

“Holy shit!” Jared breathed. He knew that face!

Jensen Ackles had been missing for almost fourteen months. His parents still showed up on the news every couple of months to plead for his return. 

Jensen’s grandpa was one of the toughest judges in the state of Texas, and that was saying something. Judge Ackles was known for sticking to the letter of the law and not taking any excuses. It made him a lot of enemies, one of whom had kidnapped the judge’s thirteen-year-old grandson, demanding he throw one of his cases to the defendant. The judge had solemnly refused on camera. Jared was in way over his head.

Jared pulled the blanket off the rest of the way to find Jensen was wearing only a grubby, white t-shirt and cotton boxers, and his wrists and ankles were bound with more tape. It looked like whoever had him had been feeding him just enough to keep him alive because his limbs were all dangerously thin.

Jared reached out to pull the tape off the younger teen’s mouth, but Jensen flinched back as much as he could, eyes squeezed shut like he was expecting a blow—probably was.

“Hey, hey,” Jared soothed in a quiet tone, “I’m not gonna hurt you, I swear. I didn’t even know you were back there when I took the car. You’re Jensen Ackles, right?”

One vivid green eye cracked open and the boy gave a small nod.

“I’m gonna take that tape off okay? I’ll do it slow so it hopefully won’t hurt too bad. Can you hold still for me?” Jensen nodded again, and Jared carefully peeled back the tape, adhesive clinging to the delicate skin of the boy’s lips. The bottom one was swollen and a little bloody, like somebody had smacked him around recently.

The tape on Jensen’s arms and legs was bunched and creased from apparent struggling, and Jared wasn’t sure he’d be able to find the ends.

Jensen must have seen Jared staring at the tape. “D-do you have a pocket knife? I think you’ll have to cut it off.”

Jared slowly pulled a box-cutter he used at one of his jobs from his backpack, making sure Jensen saw it before moving it toward him very slowly and carefully. With Jensen’s cooperation, they had it off in a few minutes. Jensen rubbed his raw wrists and sat up, looking around furtively.

Jared dove back into his bag for an unopened bottle of a sports drink. “Sip it slow, okay?” he suggested as he offered the bottle to the boy.

“Thanks,” Jensen said after a few moments.

Jared pulled back onto the road and headed for the nearest hospital. There really was no other option his conscience would let him choose. Jensen obviously needed medical attention, and who knew what else had been done to the poor kid that they could gather evidence from and treat?

Jared pulled up outside the emergency room and parked again. Could he just drop the kid off and head for the hills? Jensen wouldn’t turn him in, right? After Jared rescued him? Yeah, Jared internally scoffed, “rescued” him by stealing a car he just happened to be tied up inside!

“I can walk myself in,” Jensen offered, but his hands were shaking so badly that the contents of the bottle he was still clutching were sloshing all over. Jared wasn’t even sure the guy could walk if he tried.

“Nah,” Jared said with a smile he wasn’t really feeling, “I’ll go with you.”

He ended up having to carry Jensen inside.

At first, no one was paying them any mind, but then there was a flurry of strangers all around them, and Jensen clung to Jared like a lifeline, refusing to let Jared leave his side, even when he was brought back to a private exam room.

It was just Jared’s luck that the cop who showed up to take their statements knew Jared on sight.

Jensen’s family showed up shortly after, and the cop bowed out to give them time for their reunion. When Jared tried to leave too, Jensen grabbed his hand in a vice-like grip. “Stay?” he asked, and Jared couldn’t say no.

He was a little surprised when Jensen’s mom gave him a fierce and teary hug as soon as she was able to tear herself away from her long-lost son.

The judge was there, too. He kept