it was Father clutching it, his hand fisted and white around the handle, as though it contained a terrible weight.  It was the only time Giles had seen him cry.

With a sudden squeaking of castors, Giles reached out both hands to the briefcase's clasps.  The metal was cold, but it warmed quickly under his fingers.  He paused, then drew his hand away across the smooth leather.

The tea in his mug was lukewarm.  The circuit breaker for the outlet where he plugged his kettle had gone again.  He called the janitor to reset it, then set water to boil.  He glanced at his supply of tea bags, and took a tin of Darjeeling leaf down from an upper shelf.  The milk would be turning in the next day or two.  The sugar was hard.

It was Gran who came to stay with him that night.  Father left with three others, men Giles vaguely recognised as hands ruffling his hair when he recited the V'g'ras Gsenthm word-perfect, or as dark mutters from the parlour on sleepless nights.  Gran arrived in a fury, muttering Ptarthian curses.  When she saw the briefcase, her face went white, and her hand fluttered to the locket at her throat.  Giles had never seen the picture inside, though Gran opened it often.  Her stories of Watching in Tunguska--for five years and eight months, for Katrina had been one of the best--always began with her swollen-knuckled fingers on that locket.  They always ended with, "Hush, Rupert.  The line passed to another Slayer, that's all.  As it ought."

Giles raised his head when he heard voices in the library.  Sighing, he pushed back from his desk.  His tea had cooled again.  Cradling the mug in his hands, Giles leaned against the office door, just out of sight of the main room.

"Seriously, B, it was fucking ten feet tall.  And it stank--"

"Was there mucous?"

"There's always mucous."

"I'm really not getting the part where I'm supposed to be jealous."  Buffy's voice was wry, but Giles heard the amused, teasing tone underneath.  Gwendolyn Post had burned in Mynhegon's inferno weeks ago, and it seemed that Buffy and Faith were finally moving past the suspicion she had used to drive them apart.  It had been at least as long since Giles had heard about Angel.  Willow, in her endless cheerful prattle, had let it slip that Buffy had truly ended things with the vampire.  Giles hadn't brought it up with Buffy directly; he was slightly uncomfortable with just how relieved he was to hear it.

"Are you kiddin' me, B?  I'm fighting this thing, right, I'm going at it with a wicked battle axe, and I slice it wide open from kidney to kidney.  It, like, exploded all over me.  I am covered in goo, not in the naughty Jell-O wrassling kind of way--" Faith's voice dropped.  Giles realized he was straining to hear better, and berated himself.  Nevertheless, Faith's next words came clearly in the library's silence, husky and intense.  "So you can imagine what I had to do next."

Giles' stomach tightened.  He wasn't so old that he couldn't hear all that was implicit in Faith's voice.  Teasing was the least of it.  Good Lord, how long had it been since he had listened to Buffy's conversation?  When had "Angel said..." been replaced with "Faith and I think..."?  Almost without recognising his own actions, Giles took a step forward, inching closer to the threshold.

Buffy stood with her back to the check out counter.  Faith leaned towards her, one hand on the counter top, half pinning her there.  She whispered something in Buffy's ear, too softly for Giles to hear.  Buffy shivered under Faith's breath, and turned her face slightly.  Giles could see the hot flush spreading across her cheek, and he felt the flush rise through his own body.  He shouldn't be watching this, yet his escape routes were blocked.  The instant he walked out of his office, he would be caught.

Faith drew back from Buffy a fraction of an inch, a wicked grin on her face.  Buffy was still blushing, but she didn't push Faith away, nor did she pull back herself.  Faith murmured something else in low tones, and Buffy inhaled quickly, lightly.

"Faith--"  Her voice was warning and pleading at once.

Faith's eyes were dark and serious.  It was so like the way Ethan had often looked, in his quieter moments, his lips curved in a solemn smile, his eyes filled with wistful hunger.  But Faith was not Ethan and Buffy was, by no means, himself...

Faith tilted her head, and  Buffy's lips parted, so softly.  They kissed. Giles held his breath.  This wasn't their first time.  Near it, he thought, but not the very first.  There was