the stack of papers to Imaizumi with a smile. “Shouldn’t you have your own copies of these though?”

“I accidentally wiped my computer’s memory, must have downloaded a virus or something.” He looked almost sheepish at the admission. “I wont need these for long though, I’ll just photocopy them and bring them back.” 

Onoda chuckled about it later when he was telling Makishima during the portions of their shifts that overlapped. Makishima just rolled his eyes and muttered about professors who couldn’t use computers. 

A few days later a man with spikey red hair came in and at first Onoda mistook him for a student. Right up until he came up to the counter and requested Imaizumi’s papers. 

“Oh, you must be Naruko Shou… something. I was just filing one of your papers a few days ago.” Onoda frowned slightly as he tried to remember. 

“Naruko Shoukichi.” Naruko grinned and nodded. “You thought I was a student didn’t you? Don’t feel to bad I have a youthful glow.”

“I think it’s probably your height actually.” One of Makishima’s friends, Tadokoro, had walked up to the counter beside Naruko and grinned at Onoda. “Hey glasses, Makishima around yet?”

“I am not that short!” Naruko all but growled the words looking like he might actually try and fight Tadokoro, who was at least double his size. 

“No he doesn’t start for another hour yet, he’s probably hiding in a corner somewhere.” Onoda shrugged. He’d gotten used to all but tripping over Makishima in the hour or two before his shift as he tended to find corners that people rarely went into and sat there to read. 

“I bet you’re even shorter than glasses, little red bean professor.” Tadokoro grinned down at Naruko before nodding his thanks to Onoda and wandering off. No doubt he’d find Makishima hiding somewhere. 

“I’m not that short!” Naruko said again this time turning to look at Onoda who just shrugged. He wasn’t exactly the best judge for that. 

“In any case Imaizumi’s papers aren’t here right now, at least not hard copy. I’m sure we’ve got the pdf on file though.” Onoda shrugged, honestly why the two of them didn’t have the pdfs saved themselves baffled Onoda. 

“KaKaKa! Did hotshot have to come get his own papers?” Naruko was suddenly grinning and his grin only widened when Onoda simply shrugged. He wasn’t supposed to say who took what out but really who else would have them. “I told him he should back everything up, and save the pdf online but noooooo he wont listen to me. Guess I’ll have to print off my own copies then.” Naruko waved back at Onoda as he turned to leave. 


Onoda just blinked after him a little baffled by the whole situation. Why professors insisted on arguing through published papers rather than in person was something he’d never understood. 

It was on his way to work a few days later that Ondoa saw the sign for a debate that was being held on the collage campus. There were a few people on the panel but the ones that caught Onoda’s eye were Naruko and Imaizumi. He guessed they’d have a chance to argue in person after all. Though Onoda wasn’t sure how many people would actually show up. It was on the same subject as their papers had been on. 

Onoda forgot about the debate over the next few weeks as exams got closer and the library got busier and busier. Several times over the next few weeks though one or the other of the two professors would come into the library. Most of the time they were just ranting to Onoda while he worked but every now and again they had actual questions or wanted his help finding obscure books on subjects he’d never thought to look at.

After exams though he started hearing about a debate that had turned into a full blown argument. It didn’t take long to figure out that the spiky haired professor and tall and angry professor that so many students were talking about were Naruko and Imaizumi. The accounts of the debate were varied and colourful but there were a few things that remained the same throughout all accounts. One was that they’d started name calling about halfway through the debate, the second was that one of the other debaters had actually fallen asleep, and the third was that both Naruko and Imaizumi had been removed from the debate before it finished because they’d just ended up insulting each other rather than debating the topic. 

It was a few days later that the both of them stormed into the library and up to Onoda’s desk. Due to the fact that it was part way through a break there was no one else in the library which was probably good because Onoda could hear them arguing even before they got into the library. 

“Imaizumi thinks you’re taller than I am.” Naruko glared at Imaizumi as they reached the counter. “I think that were the same height.”

“Well that