, an elaborate staircase rose, curling and splitting apart, left and right.  

Gentle hands on Sam's back urged him forwards.  He resisted.  “Boots.  We should take off our boots.”  Sam toed his off, setting them neatly side by side against the wall, staring around wide-eyed.  The twins didn't bother, and Sam didn't even notice.  He took a few more steps forward, and was able to see a little better.

To the right, there was an open-concept lounge.  Sam suspected that walls had been removed to make it.  And in a sofa, watching the largest television Sam had ever seen in his life, was a rumpled, dark-haired head.  “Dean!”

Dean turned, grinning, muting his television show.  “Heya, Sammy.  Didn't hear you come in!  Hey, Cas, Jimmy.”

Sam walked quickly to Dean, house forgotten, seeing Dean looked pale, and a tightness around his eyes.  Deeply worried, Sam sat on the couch beside him, noticing absently that it was phenomenally comfortable.  “You show me, right now, Dean.  Right now.”

“All right, all right.  Cool your jets.”  Dean was wearing a loose t-shirt and ragged jeans, his feet bare.  Wincing, he pulled the T-shirt up and over his head.  

Sam grimaced, and heard a soft gasp from behind the couch.  Dean's ribs, on the right side, were an ugly, mottled blue-black-purple, and there was a very large bandage covering the entirety of his right shoulder blade.  Sam pulled gently at the tape fastening it to Dean's skin and pulled it away, revealing four deep, long gouges, all four beautifully stitched.  The longest was roughly eight inches, and the shorter ones maybe six.  Sam did the math quickly in his head – that was around a hundred and thirty stitches.  “Jesus Christ, Dean.”     

“Oh my God.”  Jimmy sounded ill.

“”M fine, guys.  Fine.  I swear.”  Dean tried on a smile, but it wasn't very convincing.  Sam carefully retaped the bandage, and helped Dean get his shirt back on.

“And you're taking the pills they gave you, right?  Antibiotics?  Painkillers?”  Sam asked, his mouth a narrow line.  Sam knew, from a lifetime of watching Dean – the way he was moving right now - he didn't have any painkillers in his system.

“Uh...”  Dean rubbed the back of his neck and grinned sheepishly.  “The antibiotics, sure.  But those painkillers, man, they make me loopy.  I don't like them.”

“Goddamnit, Dean.  Take the pills.  You don't have to suffer.”  Sam said, exasperated.

Dean shrugged.  “Helps me remember not to be stupid.”

Sam heard a soft sob, and turned to see Jimmy with tears pouring down his face, his hands clamped to his mouth.

“Hey, hey...”  Dean said softly, and both Sam and Dean got up off the couch.  They moved to Jimmy, Sam wrapping an arm around him.  Dean hesitated to touch, not sure if Jimmy would be okay with it.  Castiel stood behind Jimmy, a hand on his lower back.

Jimmy reached out and grabbed a handful of Dean's shirt, pulling him forwards, wrapping a hand around Dean's lower back and crying into Dean's chest.  Dean's hand came up and tentatively touched the back of Jimmy's neck.

“Those are awful!”  Jimmy whimpered.

“It's all right, Jimmy.  I'm okay.  I promise.”  Dean tried to reassure the younger boy.

“Did... did you kill the... thing, that did that to you?”  Jimmy looked up at Dean.

“Yeah, we did.  All of them.  And the population of Tucson is safer, because of it.”

“Why is everyone important getting hurt??”  Jimmy asked tearfully, half exasperated and half upset.

Dean looked down at Jimmy, bemused.  “I didn't realize I was important.”           

“Of course you are.  Don't be stupid.”  Jimmy wiped at his tears.

“All right, then.  I guess I've been told.”  Dean raised his hands in defeat and grinned.  Jimmy gave him a slightly watery smile.

“Dean, if you're feeling up to it, would you perhaps like to give us the tour?”  Castiel suggested.

“Sure.”  Dean grinned.  Jimmy leaned up and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek, before pulling back.

Sam saw Dean's small smile before he turned, though he wasn't sure the twins saw it.

“The lounge.  Most comfortable couch I've ever had my ass on.”  Dean waved an arm.  The huge TV was mounted on the wall over a large, open fireplace.  There was a long couch, flanked with loveseats.  The coffee table where Dean had been sitting had the remnants of whatever it was he had been snacking on.

Dean headed towards an archway