hand to cup one pert breast, his thumb brushing over the erect nipple. Her mouth opened in a grotesque 'o' and he watched as she undulated on him, her nails digging into his hips, piercing the skin.

Snape knew he was awash in blood and sweat, his body a horrible canvas dedicated to Narcissa. How he loathed her and his whole part in this war.

Severus Snape, the slut spy that served the Malfoys exclusively at Albus Dumbledore's insistence no less.

Somewhere in the back of his mind, he wondered why he let any of them do this to him. The rest of his mind was too busy forcing himself to have an orgasm to care.

 

 

Snape scrubbed away the dried blood and sweat in the pristine marble bathroom he was designated to use. He sat in the tepid water and daydreamed about a normal life. He rarely allowed himself such indulgences, but after a session with Narcissa he needed it.

He leaned his head back against the marble and closed his eyes, thinking about a private lab with all the best equipment and ingredients. He saw a cage in the back, a man pacing the small length, his head down.

A cruel smile crossed Snape's face. Remus Lupin caged was one of his favourite fantasies. Forced to subject himself to any and all of Snape's experimentation while under the guise of looking for a cure. Snape had no desire to cure lycanthropy, but he wanted the prestige that went along with developing a cure.

"Master Severus, sir!"

Snape opened his eyes and saw the same meddlesome house-elf that had tried to talk to him the last two times he had been at Malfoy Manor. The elf was wringing the pillowcase it wore, a terrified expression on his face.

"Please listen to Dobby, Master Severus. Dobby has important information for you," the elf's ears quivered and he began to smack his head against the bathtub. "Bad Dobby! Bad!"

Snape reached out a soapy hand and stopped the elf's self-abuse, "Stop it, you loathsome toad. How did you get in here?"

"There is a passage, sir, that only the elves know about. Dobby had to talk to Master Severus so Dobby used it even though Dobby knows better. Bad Dobby!"

"Yes," Snape's voice was even, but cautious. "Why should I listen to an elf?"

"Because Dobby has heard bad things in this house," Dobby's voice quivered and he looked around nervously. "Master Severus is in trouble. He must not come to the next party Master Lucius throws."

Snape's blood ran cold, "Who said I am in trouble?"

Dobby squeaked and began to bang his head again as he talked, "Master - bang - Lucius was - bang - fire-talking to - bang - Volde... bang bang bang. Bad spy, he says! Oh, Master Severus, you is to be killed!"

Snape stopped Dobby's actions again, holding the elf firmly by his tiny shoulders, "Why am I to be killed?"

"Bad spy! So close to the old fool and nothing comes of it," Dobby squirmed in Snape's grasp. "The other spy does much better."

"Other spy?" Snape frowned. "There is another spy besides myself?"

Dobby squeaked and his eyes widened, "Dobby does not know who. Dobby only knows what Master Lucius says."

"Dobby," Snape released him. The elf could come in handy. "I would like you to do me a favour. Will you help me out?"

Dobby's ears fluttered and waved his hands, "Dobby is bound to his master."

"I just want you to listen to what is said in regards to me," Snape said, his voice slick and smooth. "I promise that if you do this for me, I will do something for you in return."

"Freedom?" Dobby's eyes widened. "Dobby wants freedom."

"Yes, Dobby," Snape's mouth stretched into a twisted smile. "Freedom. All you have to do is pay attention to what Lucius says."

Dobby bounced happily and nodded, "Dobby will do that for you, Master Severus! Dobby can listen."

Snape lay back against the marble of the tub and murmured a spell to heat up the water again, "Go then, Dobby. Listen. You will report to me next time I am here."

"Yes Dobby will!"

And with that the meddlesome house-elf disappeared and Snape got himself a spy inside Malfoy Manor. Not a bad night.

 

 

"You have done well, my boy," Dumbledore said quietly. He pushed the candy bowl towards Snape without a word. "You must be careful the next time you go to Malfoy Manor. Lucius may try to capture you."

"I could just not go," Snape said just as quietly. He ignored the candy bowl.

"No, I don't think that is a good idea," Dumbledore's blue eyes were cold as they peered at Snape from behind his spectacles. "You must complete the assignment