slipped and fell

It starts to sting as it starts to swell

She looks at you, she wants the truth

It's right out there in the waiting room with those hands

Lookin' just as sweet as he can, never again


After Matt was done you stumble to Dean's room. You can tell you need to go to the hospital.

Dean's door is open and he's awake, pensively cleaning his weapons with a big frown, you know how he feels.

"D-Dean..." Dean's head snaps up to you when he hears your call. He immediately sets his gun down and walks over to you, tilting your face to get a better look at your bruised and battered face.

"You need to go to the hospital. This one's not going to heal without some medical help."

You nod and lean on him, "C-Can Maddie stay with Sam while we're gone. I don't want her coming."

Dean nods, "Ya, let me just go-and tell Sam."~You sigh when you get to the hospital, you know they'll be questions.

Dean stands in your room with you with crossed arms, scrunched face.

"Ms. L/N how did this happen?"

"Slipped and fell..."

The nurse nods, there's a knock on the door. Matt steps through. Your face pales and you shake.

The nurse looks to you then to Matt, she looks to his fists, not hands, fists. Their bruised and bloody. Bastard didn't even try to cover his crime.

The nurse addresses him, "Sir, can you please step out in the hall?" Matt looks irritated at her.

"Why? Are you going to tell him too?" He points to Dean.

Your face pales further and the nurse looks to you, you subtely shake your head.

"Family only allowed, he is her brother." Matt's face darkens and he's about to comment when the nurse shoos him out.

The nurse turns to you, "Did he do this?"

You shake your head no, "I told you, slipped and fell." Your face and body are hurting now, you're swelling.

The nurse looks at you, the look saying she knows you're liying, you speak up, "I swear. Slipped."

Dean tsks, you snap your head to him, giving him a hard stare. He shuts up.


Seen it before but not like this

Been there before but not like this

Never before have I ever seen it this bad

She's just a woman, never again

Never again


When you and Dean leaves the hospital he's still brooding. Matt's beside you, has a painful grip on you.

"You're coming with me." It's not a question, you know that. Dean broods more and you can tell he's about to explode.

You quickly turn and tell Dean you'll see him later, leading Matt to his car.


Father's a name you haven't earned yet

You're just a child with a temper

Haven't you heard don't hit a lady

Kickin' your ass would be a pleasure


Dean got in before you, he's waiting at the bottom of the steps, arms folded.

"Maddie sleeping still?"

Dean nods, "She's in Sam's room, sleeping with him. She couldn't sleep in her own by herself."

You let out a sad sigh. Matt tightens his arm around you.

"Y/N I wanted to talk to you about Maddie." You look up at Matt, he didn't usually concern himself with anything to do with your daughter.

You see him smirk to Dean and then lead you over to the couch. Dean's lingering, waiting for him to try something.

"I wanted to know when she can start calling me dad."

Before you can answer you hear Dean bark out a laugh, though it's not the one he gives when he's laughing with you or Sam. This laugh is mocking.

Matt turns annoyed to him, "What."

Dean tries to calm himself before speaking, "Y-You think she's going to let Maddie call you dad? That's just- that's good, even for you."

Matt stands and stalks to Dean, poking him in the chest, "Oh? And you'd be better? Dean Winchester, the guy who's heavens and hells little bitch."

You see Dean's face sober and hardens, "I know I shouldn't be one, maybe you should learn that too."

You saw where this was going and it was going there fast.

Matt shoved Dean, "I'd be an awesome father to her."

Dean laughs again the grabs Matt's shirt, "Dean!"

Dean slams him into the wall, "Father's a name you haven't earned yet. Haven't you heard to not hit a lady? You'd probably hurt