more than a bit shocked—but in a really good way—when England leaned forward and kissed him. It wasn't their normal greeting kiss, there was a hunger and urgency in the kiss that left America feeling a little weak in the knees, not that he would ever admit that a mere kiss could turn a hero like him into jelly.

"Follow me," England whispered, grabbing America's hand and tugging him along. It was a good thing England had a tight grip on America's hand, because America's thought process completely derailed when he noticed what England was wearing. A thin white cotton tank top covered England's lean body and tiny white shorts revealed his slender legs. It was just the standard basketball player uniform, but there was a huge difference between seeing the outfit on an average basketball player, and seeing England wear it. On the average player, the high-cut shorts enabled freedom of movement, while the light cotton material reduced discomfort from sweating. On England, the shorts showcased a fine pair of legs, while the light-weight tank top displayed a hint of the lean, toned body that gave England his wiry strength.

During the War, America's soldiers had covered the army barracks with pin-ups of dames with mile long gams. England's perfect legs put them all to shame. America wasn't normally one given to writing poetry, but he wanted to compose a sonnet about 'Legs so fine, I want to make them mine.' Or better yet, a song! He wanted to take a thousand photographs so he would never forget the image of those sexy legs striding right in front of him. America couldn't tear his gaze away from England's legs, other then to briefly move his gaze upwards to admire the snug fit of the shorts as they covered England's firm rear. America—caught up in thoughts about stealing all of England's trousers so the island nation would be forced to wear shorts for the rest of his life—barely noticed as they entered a different locker room.

America wasn't clueless, but he was easily distracted and England's legs were proving to be an amazing distraction. England, on the other hand, excelled at focused thinking and strategy, a skill that proved just as useful in the bedroom as in war. Still holding America's hand, he led them both to the shower stalls, picked a corner stall, and closed the curtain. When America was finally able to pry his thoughts and eyes away from England's legs, he grinned, finally realizing that he was getting his victory celebration a little earlier than he had expected. That or England was taking his obsession with cleanliness to new levels.

"I double-checked the schedule and the wrestling team won't be arriving for another two hours," England explained. Yep, it was definitely going to be a victory celebration.

America smiled. Only England would put so much thought into a spontaneous tryst. "You're amazing," he said, shaking his head affectionately.

"You're sweaty," England retorted with a chuckle. "Let's see what we can do about that, hmm?" he added, and with a playful smirk, England turned the shower knob, drenching them both in a warm spray of water. America gasped in surprise, shocked that England had turned on the water while he was still dressed.

"We're still wearing clothes!" America protested.

"Oh, you're right. That will be a problem," England replied casually, as if taking showers while clothed was something he did every day. "You will help me take care of that problem, won't you love?" England asked seductively. America could do nothing but gape. England should have looked like a drowned rat, with his hair plastered to his forehead and his wet clothes clinging to his wiry frame, but instead England looked incredibly sexy. The white cotton molded itself to the contours of his body, leaving very little to the imagination. The wet cotton revealed the firm muscles of England's abs and the growing bulge between his legs. America's eyes devoured every part of England's body: from the line of water highlighting his calves to the water droplets clinging to his eyelashes. Of course, he had seen England naked before, but somehow it was sexier to see him almost naked.

America had apparently spent too much time gawking and not enough time undressing, because England ran his hands underneath his own top and slipped it off, tossing the sodden ball of cloth into the shower corner. Then he stepped forward, bringing his body flush against America's, pressing America against the far wall of the shower. He slid his hands along America's abs, gently caressing the firm muscles beneath his fingers. With a quick motion, he lifted up the thin tank top and tossed it into the corner as well.

The cotton barrier between them now removed, England leaned forward to move his tongue in small circles around America's nipples, drawing eager moans from the larger nation. England