been lately. Now when the hope, he didn't realize until now that he had, abruptly is torn away from him.

And it hurts, is the thing. It hurts to see Liam that happy with someone that isn't him, even though he should've gotten over that fact a long time ago. The thing is though, that that he still quite hasn't.

He can feel Harry tugging at his hand, tries to pull him away from the scene, to somehow spare Zayn from this pain piercing through every part of his body. But even if he'd wanted to follow Harry, he still wouldn't had been able to, he's frozen mid step.

He actually sees it himself, how pathetic he must look for an outsider, but he can't do a damn thing about it. His eyes are locked at the scene playing out in front of him.

The scene where Liam now has Danielle locked up in an embrace, and their lips connected in a passionate kiss.

Zayn swears that he'll puke if he must hear those noises they make. A pile of bile rising in his throat by the thought of what will happen when they finally are done down here and runs for their hotel room.

Zayn turns around, closes his eyes. He just can't watch it anymore. It feels as if someone just ripped his heart out, tore it in pieces, threw the pieces in the dirt, only to then put it back into his chest again. Leaving him to try to repair what's left. Hoping that the cracks won't be too visible.

 

||>~<||

And a broken heart, either

Isn't a thing that happens all at once

||>~<||

 

Zayn's hands are pressed flat against his ears, in an attempt to keep the sounds out. But really, he can’t. They fucking had to give him the room right next to theirs. Because that's just how much faith hates him.

Zayn had gone to his room for a quick nap, only to be woken to the worst possible scenario.

He doesn’t know what to do with himself. Not when Liam’s all too familiar low moans are mixing with her high-pitched ones, together with the dove thumps of a bed hitting a wall. The pain in the depths of his chest unbearable, like acid in his lounges, a knife digging in his heart.

There’s a cold emptiness inside him, eating him whole until he isn’t sure what to do with himself. Until his teeth are clattering, body shaking in feverish trembles. There's a sick feeling in his gut, as if he’s mere seconds from puking.

The thing is, Zayn don’t need this. Don’t need to be reminded of the two of them fucking.

And Zayn definitely don’t need to be reminded of how Liam sounds when he’s close to climaxing. He doesn't need to be reminded of the way he looks when he shuts his eyes in pleasure, the reds that creep down his tense neck.

Doesn't need to be reminded that it's her doing that Liam's overwhelmed by pleasure.

It has a pressure to build beneath his tongue, forehead bathing in sweat. Has him to crawl into a ball, trying to somehow keep himself in one piece. A primitive urge in his brain to escape. To flee from this consuming pain.

But it’s when they together, loudly reach their orgasm high, that something breaks within Zayn. Something that was built with warm glances, bright smiles and small touches. It all crashes down on him and all he can see is red. A feeling of pure anger, that he's sure he hasn’t felt consuming him in years, boils in his blood. A taste of metal on his tongue. His pulse loud in his ears.

There's a loud thumping sound as his fist hits the wall, and then there’s pain.

He clenches his jaws around a groan, eyes scrunching together. His fist pulses and he can feel it swell by the minute.

His eyes flutter open, only to see how the skin of his knuckles are torn, and a small dent in the wall where he hit it.

As the adrenaline leaves his system, the anger too seems to fade. It leaves him with a cold, hollow feeling in his chest. As if something vital just got ripped out.

And he's cold. So cold.

Freezing.

Empty.

His back slides against the wall as his legs gives out, eyelids heavy, the emptiness eating him whole. He presses the injured hand against his chest.

Telling himself that it’ll all be alright soon enough.

 

||>~<||

It's a gathering of small moments,

Small happenings,

Which all build up against the breaking point

||>~<||

 

“Come on Zayn, wake up. Sound Check is in half an hour.”

He’s startled when there’s suddenly an annoyed voice on the other side of the door, followed by a sharp knock.

Zayn pushes off the