Oh my God!” Buffy tried to calm her breathing, surprised at her own recklessness.  “I can’t believe I just did that.”

Spike walked a few steps towards her, frowning when Buffy took a step back in response. However, his concern was instantly alleviated when a teasing grin appeared on her face and the Slayer took off running towards the slide. Taking the rungs of the metal ladder two at a time, Buffy quickly reached the top and sat down to stare at Spike who waited at the end of the chute.

A mysterious smile lit up her face as Buffy let her head fall back to look at the night sky. “Do you believe in fate?” she asked.

“Written in the stars?” Spike tilted his head to the side and considered his response.  “I like to think I’m in control of my own future, but live as long as I have, you see all manner of weird an’ wonderful things.”

Instinctively, Spike’s mind was drawn to thoughts of his prophetic sire and Miss bloody Edith. Drusilla accurately predicted his love for the Slayer; long before the vampire himself realised his thoughts were of a decidedly un-fatal disposition. He’d fought ardently to renounce the unnatural truth, but as he contemplated the young woman before him, Spike wondered if his destiny was indeed inevitable.

Unhurriedly, Buffy tore her eyes from the starlit panorama above and proffered him a meaningful smile.  “Sometimes I wonder if certain things are just meant to be, you know. If maybe I had to experience everything I have in order to really appreciate what I have in front of me now.”

Expectation conflicted with uncertainty as Spike considered the potential implications of her ambiguous statement. “Shoulda, woulda, coulda,” he said, inhaling deeply. Superfluous air filled his useless lungs, as Spike returned her evocative grin. Anxiously, he ran his hands through his tousled hair and met her forthright gaze.  “I know bugger all ‘bout fate, love, but I can tell you one thing’s for sure. If I hadn’t met Dru all those years ago, I never would’ve been turned and made it to this Godforsaken town in the first place.”

Glimpses of his action-packed affiliation with the Slayer flashed through his mind, and Spike continued his step-by-step analysis of their entangled history. “What’s more,” he said, “if Angelus hadn’t reared his humungous soddin’ forehead I’d likely still be with her. I’d be out there someplace, raisin’ merry hell and snackin’ on human happy meals like any other respectable vampire.” Pausing momentarily, Spike watched the emotions war on Buffy’s features.  “Hell, pet, if I didn’t have this bleedin’ chip messin’ with my head, Christ knows where we’d be now. Reckon you’d have likely staked me during some half-arsed evil stunt long ago.”

The Slayer felt the familiar ache of rejection spread throughout her stomach as she considered the inadvertent repercussions of her own actions on the enigmatic vampire. Tears welled in her tired eyes and she hung her head in dejection as her worst suspicions were seemingly confirmed. Why would Spike want to stick around and help save the world if he could be out there leading the anarchic life his demonic nature thrived on?

“Buffy, look at me, sweetheart.” Spike’s solemn tone broke through her fearful reverie and she blinked back her unbidden tears.  “I don’t know where I would’ve ended up, and truthfully I couldn’t give a rat’s arse, because no matter the cost, I will never regret findin’ you.”

Instantaneously, her eyes shot up to meet his truthful expression. The unmitigated sincerity that shone in his eyes caused a solitary tear to spill down the apple of her cheek, and Buffy held her breath as Spike swallowed and continued unreservedly.

“Knowing you... lovin’ you, it turned my entire bloody life upside down. You made me want to change and be a better person. So fate or happenstance—call it what you will, but I wouldn’t change it for the world.”

Buffy had cried her weight in tears since her return and she was damned sick of it; she doubted, however, that she had shed her last this night. Sniffling, she swallowed hard and forced her words past the impeding lump in her throat.

“Every time I allow myself to care for someone—” Her voice faltered and became little more than a fraught whisper. Slowly, Buffy inhaled a calming breath and tried again.  “People always leave me, Spike. I don’t know what’s wrong with me but I drive them away. Whatever it is, I clearly can’t keep them satisfied. Angel, Riley—God, even Parker couldn’t wait to get away from me.”

Spike inwardly seethed at the blatant insecurity the so-called men in her life had created. Her former lovers and even the girl’s own father had individually turned their backs and walked away—and from her broken words it