to me Bruce?"

"Well, at first I freaked out, and I was going to run. . . .  The plane tickets . . .but I couldn't leave.  I just couldn't imagine life without you.  So I was going to talk to you, but when I went to talk to you, you were drunk. 

I thought that maybe that was another sign that you resented all you had given up for me.  It really hurt, and It was starting to make me angry, so I left," Bruce explained, staring at his hands.

"Well, we've got to be the stupidest geniuses ever.  Our issues really screwed us over this time," Tony half-chuckled.

"Tony," Bruce started slowly, "there's still one thing I don't understand. 

I know we didn't talk because you were drinking, and you were drinking because you thought I was leaving, and I thought about leaving because I thought you were cheating, but what were you REALLY doing those nights?  I know you weren't cheating, so what's the big secret?"

"That's the most ironic part," Tony said with a lopsided smile, "this whole chain reaction of events that almost broke us apart, started because I was spending nights in the lab to make you an engagement ring."

"An engagement ring?" Bruce asked, slightly shocked by the revelation.

"Yes, an engagement ring.  I was planning to ask you to marry me, but before I did I wanted to design a ring that could expand with you when you became the Hulk so we wouldn't have to worry about you breaking or losing the ring," Tony explained.

"Tony, that's incredibly sweet," Bruce said, genuinely touched by Tony's thoughtfulness.

"I finished it while you were sleeping.  So what do you say?

I mean, clearly we both have issues, and we're going to have to learn to trust each other and communicate better, but there's no one I'd rather work through my issues with.  I love you, and my life would suck without you.

  Bruce Banner, will you marry me?" Tony asked pulling his newly finished invention from his pocket.

Bruce paused for a moment, and Tony felt his heart start to pound.  He had never for a second considered that Bruce would say no if he had actually felt that there was an opening to ask him.  Especially not after the long heart-to-heart they just had.  They both clearly loved each other, and the thought of being without the other was clearly unbearable for both of them.  What was Bruce's hesitation?

"Yes.  Oh, and Hulk says he approves," Bruce said before capturing Tony's lips in a passionate kiss.

Tony slipped the ring onto Bruce's finger and both of them smiled uncontrollably.  There were still things they had to figure out, but they had time.  And they would do it together.

The pair decided to shut themselves in the penthouse together for twenty-four hours and . . .celebrate . . .their engagement.

The next morning they decided to play it cool.  They entered the Avenger's kitchen hand in hand, letting the others know they had made up before a single word was spoken.  The pair smiled from ear-to-ear, but said nothing.

The tension the others had felt when they saw them immediately dissipated when they saw that they were on good terms again.  A relaxed atmosphere took over the room, until Natasha squeaked and pointed.

The other three Avengers turned their attention to the spy, and then followed her outstretched pointer finger to the new accessory on Bruce's hand.

"So you did it, huh Stark?" Clint stated more than questioned.

"He did what, my friends?" Thor asked in confusion.  



He could see that Dr. Banner was wearing a ring on his left hand, but had no idea what this signified, though the others seemed to think it was significant.

"Tony proposed marriage to Bruce," Steve whispered to Thor, as Natasha made a comment about how it was about time to the pair of beaming men.

"Congratulations on your upcoming nuptials," Thor boomed now that he understood.

"Congratulations," Steve added.

"Thanks guys," Tony replied, and then whispered in Bruce's ear.  "Oh, and Bruce, I totally won the bet, so you better be ready to pay up tonight."

"Excuse me," Bruce whispered back in mock injury, "I won.  You said Clint would notice first.  I said Natasha would, which she clearly did.  Therefore, I win."

"But . . ." Tony whispered back.

"No arguments, Stark.  You can start your payment immediately," Bruce whispered back in a tone that allowed no more discussion.

"Fine.  I can't believe you asked for me to cook you breakfast if you won.  I suck at cooking, and you could have asked for something so much more fun for both of us," Tony whispered sulkily as he made his way