Liam wanted to tell Zayn about what he did, but somehow they always convinced him into keeping his mouth shut. And now, as Louis took a look at his mate he couldn't take it. He felt guilty and horrible. 

 

All of the lads knew Zayn, they knew he wasn't a bad person, he only smoked sometimes and drank - well - almost never. Zayn wasn't the most perfect person ever, he had tattoos, smoked, drank - sometimes -, he was just not a saint but he wasn't like Liam. Everyone knew that. They knew Zayn was innocent even though all the things he did, and Liam made him like that. Liam made Zayn a softer person, a believer, a person who depends on another. Before they met Zayn wasn't that person he is now. 

 

Zayn was a lone soul, he didn't mind being called an outsider but he was a no one before Liam. He was the sort of person who would have a smoke for relief, to look cool. All of that stopped once he met Liam. 

 




  • Flashback •  


 


Zayn was tired of Liam worrying about his life. I mean they just fucked and now he wants to take over Zayn's life like he owned him. Liam didn't own him. Zayn was a free soul who didn't care about anything or anyone, even if he did feel a bit happy Liam took him in and made him felt wanted. Deep inside that's what Zayn wanted, to be the reason someone wanted to stay alive. 


 


It was around 4 in the afternoon, around the time Liam came home hungry and very sweaty at times. Zayn had made some quick pasta, already set the table for Liam. He slipped a cigarette on his lips and turned it on, looking around to see if Liam was some where near. Liam would get mad if he saw Zayn smoking, Zayn he didn't know why but he just did. He puffed out some smoke and relaxed back, he loved the smell. He loved how relaxed they made him feel. They were his only comfort in those hard times. And he didn't mind. 


 


"Zayn! I'm home!" Zayn heard Liam's voice. He quickly let all the smoke out from his mouth and looked some where to put out the fag. 



"I'm in the kitchen!" Zayn said panicking inside his head. Liam walked into the kitchen, looking at the smoke coming out from Zayn's right hand. His blood boiled through his veins, how could Zayn not listen to him? 



"What the fuck are you doing with that?!" Liam said half yelling, half normal tone. Zayn slowly walked back to the wall and looked at Liam.



"I was just- I wasn't thinking. S-sorry, Liam." His eyes fell down to his feet on the floor. Liam walked to Zayn, putting his hand on Zayn's hair, tugging back on his hair so Zayn's eyes were looking at his own. 



 



"Don't you fucking do that ever again Zayn. I don't care how much you want one, you're not going near them." Liam's eyes grew dark with anger. 



 


Zayn could only nod as he felt Liam take the cigarette from his fingers. Liam put the stick between his lips and inhaled its toxic fumes. Zayn bit down on his lower lip as he felt Liam's lips against his own. Zayn slowly opened his mouth letting in the the smoke travel from Liam's mouth to his. Liam's lips felt soft and had a familiar taste of Liam's lips.  

 

 




  • End of Flashback •  


 

Zayn was waiting for Liam to come home like he usually did. His eyes lit up once he heard a car pull up to the drive way. He knew how Liam didn't like for him to go out and greet him, so he waited for him to come in. Instead of someone opening the door he heard a faint knock, Zayn was puzzled but he stood up and carefully opened the door. 

 

"Liam." Zayn's voice was weak once he saw the boy standing in front of him. Liam had blood running down his nose and a busted lip. Zayn quickly made him sit down and ran to bathroom grabbing the first aid kit. Liam didn't talk much about what happened, Zayn knew not to ask about this stuff if he did he would make Liam mad. And that wasn't a pretty sight, he had learnt that the hard way. Zayn cleaned Liam up and lightly pressed a kiss to Liam's busted lip. Liam winced at the sudden friction on his lip and stood up. 

 

"Zayn, I need to leave," Liam's voice were cold and and emotionless. 

"I'll go pack, when are we leaving?" 

"Zayn, I'm leaving alone." Zayn felt like someone had just stabbed him. His heart shattered into a million pieces as he looked at Liam's emotionless face. 

 

"Liam, you can't leave