he immersed himself in the simplicity of tongue and teeth and rising desire, let himself fall into hot, hungry, mindless lust.

He raked his hands down Barnett's back, his nails long after his enforced rest in hospital, pushing down cruelly as he tried to dig right through the fabric of the shirt into the substantial flesh underneath. Spreading his legs, he thrust roughly against a muscular thigh, trying to rut against it, trying to focus this down to the one place that mattered. 

In response, Barnett pushed his leg forward, letting more of his weight rest against Pike, using his large hands to push Pike's shoulders back against the wall. Something about the flat surface behind him and the constraint across his chest sent a spike of panic tearing through his arousal, triggering an abrupt flashback to a hard tabletop under his back, a leather strap pressing down across his chest, his throat being torn apart so that his mind could be fucked wide open, letting him spill the secrets that would condemn an entire planet to destruction... He only realized that he'd begun to hyper-ventilate when Barnett abruptly pulled back, releasing the weight that had pinned him down, pressing a concerned hand against his cheek. "Chris? Are you okay?"

An icy torrent of humiliation crashed down over his panicked fear and both washed into the churning pool of bottomless anger that he'd been nursing ever since he'd first seen Nero's face on the viewscreen of the Enterprise. He pushed furiously away from the wall, grabbed Barnett's shirt with one hand and mashed their mouths together once again, teeth knocking, lips bruised with the impact. With the other hand he began to fumble with Barnett's fly, determined to force the man to follow through. It worked for a moment until he put too much weight onto his left side and his weak leg crumbled under him, pain lancing up through his spine.

Barnett caught him, hesitated for a moment, and then clearly thought better of any lingering impulse he'd had to try and express concern. He ducked down and set his shoulder into Pike's stomach, picked the other man up roughly in a fireman's lift and strode into the bedroom with him. Dumped unceremoniously on the bed, Pike reveled in the spikes of pain and of indignation, welcoming the pure intensity of the feelings after all the helplessness and fear of the past weeks, numbed into cotton-wool haziness by the incessant doses of drugs. He grabbed Barnett's shirt, tearing it loose from the small mother-of-pearl buttons as he pulled the other man down on top of him.

He'd lost the muscle mass that might have once let him maneuver a man as heavy as Barnett. He settled for scrabbling at the other man's clothes, pushing up under the shirt to scrape his fingers across a hot flat stomach, trying to reach down into Barnett's pants. 

Barnett seemed to have given up at any attempt to make this mutual. He thrust one hand roughly into Pike's hair, now longer than regulation after weeks without a cut, using a vicious grip to pull Pike's head to one side, giving him access to the taut lines of Pike's neck. He bit down hard on the pale skin and then sucked remorselessly. Pike grabbed the back of Barnett's neck, forcing the other man's face down onto his skin. He wanted the marks and the bruises. He wanted signs on his skin that he'd chosen to put there, rather than having them inflicted by his enemies or by his doctors. 

Barnett was thrusting restlessly against the thigh of Pike's good leg, and Pike could feel a thick mass hardening against him. They'd both get off on this and that was enough. There was no emotion here, no reciprocity beyond the most basic. This was a hot hard body for him to rub off on, without obligation, without explanation. This was an uncontrolled explosion of self-serving lust, hungry, greedy, selfish. 

He squeezed his eyes closed and forced his hands into the back of Barnett's pants, kneading at the broad ass while riding the rush of rising arousal, trying to push his erection against Barnett's. His underwear was chafing around his balls but at least his cock was finally getting with the programme, swelling to uncomfortable firmness in the constraints of his pants, apparently still in working order despite all the trauma and spinal damage. 

Barnett abandoned his trail of destruction down Pike's neck and rolled them both onto their sides, doing a rather more expert job than Pike would have expected of getting their flies open and their pants down onto their thighs. 

"Lube?" he demanded. 

"Bedside table."

It was the last thing either of them bothered to say. A cool slippery hand engulfed his cock and pulled it tight against another hot hard prick, squeezing and tugging with a brutal unforgiving authority. This clearly was not meant to last long, which suited Pike just fine. He buried his head against Barnett's neck, writhing and bucking against the solid body at