more evident when he was drunk. And horny for some Louis.
“Come keep me company, Lou! Please! Pleeeeease… I promise to love you forever if you get in here and stop being such a grumpy cat!” Harry’s babbling didn’t stop there, he was talking on and on about Louis not really being a cat. He was more like a kitten, according to Harry.
When Louis finally got tired of listening to Harry’s slurred speech of cats, he came into the kitchen to find his boyfriend lying on the floor, and a pot standing on the oven. He couldn’t help but smile a little of his hopeless little Harry.
“Do you think I can manage to suck myself off if I don’t get any action from that boy Lou… Loubert?” Harry grinned wide from his own creative nickname for Louis.
“Twinkyboy91, do me a favour and pull off my pants, dear!” Harry asked almost a little too politely before Louis even managed to respond to the first time he said. Harry’s legs both shot up in the air, and he unzipped his pants.
“Pull!”
“Fucking skinny jeans,” Louis cursed as he started following the command of the hobby alcoholic on the floor. It was mostly to get him to bed. Harry and drunken sex didn’t usually go very good together, because he became so talkative. And tender. Louis wasn’t in any way in the mood for tender love making. Tonight it would have to be rough “I-think-the-neighbors-can-hear-us” sex or no sex at all.
With some struggle and very little help from Harry, the pants were pulled off at last. To Louis’ surprise, Harry seemed to genuinely try a back flip on the floor with the goal of getting his groin closer to his face.
“I don’t think I can do it,” he declared at last and sat up. Shamelessly his hand dived into his tight black boxers and he started to stroke himself.
“I’m not satisfied with the customer service in this home, Louis. What ’cha gon’ do ‘bout that?”
Louis started laughing a tired laugh while moving his eyes from the tea pot to Harry, before he answered in the same manner.
“I ain’t gon’ do nothin’ ‘bout that, babeh.”
“You don’t mean that,” Harry protested and got up so fast he almost stumbled over Louis and fell back to the floor. But Louis caught him gracefully.
“Yeah I do, Harry. I just want to get you to bed.” Louis’ words were soft and genuine. He placed a small kiss on Harry’s temple and smiled at him.
“I’ll start loving you again tomorrow, but right now you’re just a pain in the ass.”
The tea pot started beeping, and a sigh of relief escaped Louis as he moved away from Harry and found his favourite cup and moved up to the oven. Sadly for Louis (not really), it was impossible to escape from Harry, and within seconds he felt his boyfriend’s semi hard boner press against his ass.
“I can show you real pain in the ass!” A strong, tanned arm made its way around the slim waist of Louis, but in response Louis just pushed it away.
“I don’t really feel tempted by your offer.”
Harry literally stomped with his foot behind Louis.
“I am horny. I need attention. Milk the drunk out of me so you can love me again!”
Louis made his cup of tea, moving around the kitchen with Harry always close behind him. Always very close behind him. He tried his best to stay annoyed, but especially with Harry’s boner pressed up against him it was challenging. It wasn’t as if he wouldn’t like a good fuck. He wasn’t asexual; his horny and annoying boyfriend was slowly turning him on.
“Stop whining, Harry! You’re sleeping on the couch tonight if you don’t stop this,” Louis warned him as he carried his hot cup of tea into the living room.
Harry took a while longer to get from the kitchen and into the living room again. His hand was out of his boxer, but his cock was not begging any less for attention.
“What do you want from meee, Louis?” Harry’s voice was almost frustrated as he fell back on the couch next to Louis and grabbed his hand, lucky he didn’t knock over the cup of tea standing on the table.
“I want to enjoy my cup of tea while you’re quietly sitting next to me, preferably about to fall asleep,” Louis said, but his words didn’t sound so genuine anymore. Harry could hear that he was about to reach through. And it made him smile. His green eyes got a winning spark as he smirked to Louis.
“Would you like some milk with your tea, honey?” Harry guided Louis’ little hand to his boxers, watched as Louis finally gave