, pouting childishly.

“Is that a bathroom?” He indicated the door in the corner.

Touka glanced at it and nodded quickly before pressing her hand to her mouth suddenly.

“Hold on! Hold on!” He manoeuvred through the door as quickly as possible, dropping to one knee next to the toilet just in time for Touka to wretch loudly and vomit.

He held her hair back as spasms racked her body. After a few minutes, she sat back, shakily wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.

He stood up and got her a glass of water, once again helping her hold the glass to her lips.

She groaned, pressing her face to the cold tiles of the bathroom wall.

“How are you feeling?” He sat across from her.

“Awful.” She sulked.

“I’m sorry I didn’t get you out of there before the ga-” He stopped, perplexed as Touka held her hands over her eyes, weeping. “Hey, are you ok? Is… do you really feel that awful? Do you need-”

“Is it really you?” She looked at him from between parted fingers. “Are you really Kaneki?”

He scooted closer to her. “Yes, it’s me.”

She sniffed and covered her eyes again.

“Touka, don’t cry.” He scooted close to her.

“I missed you so much.” She whispered so quietly he could barely hear her.

He sighed, moving so that their legs were touching. “I missed you too.”

“Are you going to leave again?” She peaked at him from behind a curtain of hair.

What to tell her? He wanted to stay… but who knew what tomorrow held? He had no idea what was going to happen now. He had been outed as a traitor. The CCG would be hunting him and his associates ruthlessly… but he so desperately craved the feeling he had at Anteiku. A feeling of family.

And more than anything… he wanted to stay with her. He had tried to stay away from her to protect her but he was tired of being strong. He just wanted to be selfish. To be with her.

“Not if I can help it.”

She didn’t seem satisfied with that answer. “Stay.” She reached for his hand.

He grasped her fingers and sighed. “Ok.”

She smiled at him for a brief second before paling suddenly. Without warning she turned back to the toilet and began vomiting again.

Kaneki sighed, pulling her hair back once more.

This vomiting attack lasted quite a bit longer than the first. By the time Touka seemed finished, Kaneki was feeling queasy himself.

“Ok for now?” He helped her sit back against the wall.

She nodded, grimacing.

He stood up and grabbed a washcloth, running it under the cold tap until it was soaked through. He sat before her and pushed her hair back so that he could wipe her face. Touka obliged, apparently exhausted and dozing.

“Do you want some water?” He rested back on his knees.

She simply nodded at him, her eyes still closed.

He retrieved the glass and filled it before leaning forward to help her drink again.

She giggled as his hair tickled her face. “It’s white again.”

“Yeah, don’t worry, I’ll do something with it.” He joked, leaning back to put a respectable distance between them.

“I like it. ‘s like one of those… what you call them… albino bunnies.” She leaned forward, ruffling his hair.

“Is it?” He laughed.

“Yep. I like rabbits.” She proclaimed.

Kaneki smirked. “I guessed that.”

“I think they’re cute.” She looked at him seriously.

Kaneki could only smile in response. Her drugged ramblings were so un-Touka like he didn’t really know how to interact with her.

She blushed, looking to the floor. “I think you’re cute too.”

Kaneki couldn’t help but blush as well. Was there any truth in this? He didn’t exactly have anyone to tell him what nonsense he spoke during his RC drug induced manias. Was this all fantasy that would be forgotten in the morning?

A gentle snore woke him from his reverie. Touka appeared to have passed out once again.

Sighing, he got to his feet. He needed to get her into her bed.

“Come on Touka.” He slipped his arm around her shoulders and levered her off the floor. “Time to sleep.”

She whined in response but did not resist. He got her to her feet and to rinse her mouth with mouthwash, before insisting she drink another glass of water.

With his assistance, she was lucid enough to stagger into the bedroom. He looked down at her clothes. They were hardly appropriate for sleeping and they were covered in dirt and grime. He frowned. He really did not want to have to change her. She would certainly kill him tomorrow if she remembered.

“Touka, do you think you can get into your pyjamas?” He stood