been! 



“Harry, are you in there?” Harry froze when she heard Hermione’s voice. Spinning round, she tried to run for the door, only to see the door swing open. 



“Harry? I’ve been look...” seeing Harry’s nude form, Hermione gasped in shock. 



## 



Looking at the parchment in front of her, Hermione frowned. The Marauder’s Map was an impressive piece of charms work, but she was starting to think it was broken. Apparently, Harry was in a room that should be right in front of her, or at least, that's what the map said. But all she could see was a solid stone wall. 




Maybe he got stuck in a hidden passage?

 She thought to herself as she paced up and down the corridor, looking for a possible way in. God knows, Hogwarts had enough of them. But it wasn’t like Harry to walk blindly into one without knowing where it went. 



The last student - Neville of course - who did that ended up emerging in a classroom on the far side of the castle. That wouldn’t have been a problem, except for the rather amorous sixth-years who were using the room at the time. 



Still, Harry had been acting oddly lately. Just before last year ended, he’d started spending a lot of time alone in the library, and when she asked, he refused to tell her what he was looking for. Then, once school had started again, he’d started sneaking off and exploring odd parts of the castle and getting packages delivered by Hedwig most mornings.  



Ron was convinced Harry had a secret girlfriend, but she doubted it. Harry barely spoke to anyone outside of her and Ron, and she was fairly sure that any girl who ‘bagged’ the ‘boy-who-lived’ would be quick to brag about it. 



Actually, now that she thought about it, Harry always seemed to get embarrassed and uncomfortable whenever Hermione overheard Ron and the other boys discussing girls. 



At one point, she’d suspected Harry might be gay, but then Susan Bones had worn that shirt that was far too small for her and Hermione dismissed that idea. 



The poor girl had apparently hit a serious growth spurt, pushing her bust from the realms of ‘average’ into ‘good grief’. The sight of her sitting at breakfast, the buttons of of top straining to remain closed had attracted the attention of almost every boy - and a few girls - in the hall. 



Her head of house had eventually taken to one side and taught her how to resize her clothes. But the way Harry had been watching the rise and fall of Susan's breasts had been enough to convince her of Harry’s sexuality. 



Still, Harry’s behaviour was worrying her and while she wanted to respect his privacy he was one of her first, and still very few friends and she didn’t want to see him hurt. 



She was just about to give up and walk away when a door appeared on the wall, right where the map said Harry was. Muttering about castles, wizards and secret doors, Hermione tested the door and found it unlocked. 



“Harry, are you in here?” She called out as she pushed the door open. She glanced at the map as she walked in, “Harry? I’ve been look...”



Glancing up, she saw a girl standing naked in the middle of the room staring at her like a deer caught in the headlights. Flushing with embarrassment, she quickly checked the map, seeing only herself and Harry in the room. 



Looking back up again, she recognised the messy black hair - even if it was longer - and green eyes. 



“H-Harry!? What… what is this?” 



“It’s not... I mean...” the girl, Harry?, said quickly, movements panicky as she backed away and tried to cover herself up. Her ramblings were cut off as she bumped into the bed. Looking between it and Hermione, Harry sighed and sat down heavily. Grabbing one of the sheets she wrapped it around herself protectively. 



“I’m sorry… but I can’t do this… I couldn’t keep pretending… ” slowly, hesitantly, Harry started to talk about the confusion growing up, feeling like he was in the wrong body. He kept stopping, looking either at her or the floor as he tried to gauge her reactions. 



At some point, Hermione realised she’d joined Harry on the bed. Sitting next to the girl, she’d eventually fallen back on old habits and pulled Harry into a hug. She’d expected Harry to tense up, he always did when someone touched him. She didn’t expect the girl to suddenly turn in her arms, bury her face in Hermione's chest and start crying. 



“I couldn’t keep pretending,” Harry said as tears fell down his face.



Confused, Hermione could only hold Harry as he, she?, cried herself out, she didn't say anything. She just held the girl in her arms, trying to