.



“Hey, I'm being serious.  Hanzo, c’mon.”



He paused and folded his arms over his chest as he thoughtfully looked over the cowboy.  “Fine.  But one strike, and I'll leave you on the side of the road again.  You understand?”



“Crystal clear!”  Jesse grinned that wide, irresistible grin and clapped his companion on the back before making his way to the passenger seat.



Hanzo was completely stunned with his own decision to allow this, but Jesse made a fair point.  If he truly regretted his actions, didn't he deserve a chance at reclaiming his honor?  And Hanzo was perfectly aware he would need help finding Genji, so maybe they could help one another after all.  Hopefully, he wouldn't come to regret this decision.

Hanzo has a cruuuuuussshh~ Hanzo has a CRRUUUUUUSSSSH

Hanzo is very bad at resisting this attraction to McCree.

I've been so slow about all my fics and I'm sorrryyy, things have been kinda hectic. Thought I'd give this one some attention tho, I was just feeling it I guess~ Changed the rating to M because the very brief scene here doesn't seem all too explicit to me, but lemme know if I'm wrong


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Riding with Jesse McCree turned out to be not quite as awful as anticipated.  Hanzo didn't care to talk, but the cowboy seemed to talk a little too much.  As they drove down Route 66, Jesse offered an abundance of knowledge about the area.  He'd spent most of his life around the highway, so he was able to point out every tourist trap to avoid and highlighted the more gritty, authentic sights to see.


Of course, Hanzo reminded him several times that this wasn't a vacation.  He had to find his brother as quickly as possible, which allowed no spare time for sightseeing.  Still, there was a part of him that enjoyed listening to Jesse speak.  The cadence of a thick Southern accent could be difficult to follow sometimes, but it had its own unique charm.  The cowboy seemed proud and excited to share his homeland, which Hanzo found endearing, though he would never admit that.  He understood taking pride in home, and almost wished he could show Jesse a bit of Japan.



Almost.  Hesitant as he was to allow Jesse in the car, there was no way Hanzo planned to invite this foreigner to Hanamura.  It wasn't likely they'd keep in contact after they reached Padre Island, anyway, so he simply focused on the journey and listened to whatever topic the cowboy felt like discussing at the moment.



Just as everything seemed to have taken a turn for the better, the old junker of a car decided to sputter and slow down to a stop in a middle-of-nowhere desert road.



“No, c’mon, darlin’ don't do this, not now,” Jesse muttered to the car.  It was his turn to drive, but despite whatever levers he pulled or pedals he pumped, the car just refused to keep going.



“What's wrong?  What have you done?”  Hanzo frowned and shot the cowboy an accusatory glare.



“What I've done?” Jesse scoffed.  “Believe me, I don't want to be stuck here any more than you do.”



“The car was just fine when I was driving it.”



“And that's a damn near miracle in itself,” the cowboy replied as he began to unfasten his seatbelt and pulled a lever to pop the hood.  “I mean, look at this thing.  Ain't you Asians supposed to be into like, really tricked out cars and stuff?”



“Well, are all Americans this ignorant, or is it just you?” Hanzo snapped back.



Jesse responded to the insult with laughter.  Not at Hanzo, but it was more of a self-deprecating laugh.  “Ya got me there.”



Hanzo knew he wouldn't contribute much to fixing whatever broke down, so he simply waited in the car while the other man looked over the engine.  However, the heat quickly grew too unbearable to remain in the stuffy car for very long, so Hanzo stepped out of the car and leaned against an old wooden fence running along the side of the road.



By now, Jesse had removed his sarape, rolled up his sleeves, and undone a couple buttons from the top of his shirt as he poked around under the hood.  There were dark smudges of grease spotted over his clothes and arms, and even a couple spots on his face where he attempted to wipe off beads of sweat as they rolled down his tanned skin.  As much as Hanzo tried not to stare, there was an odd rugged appeal to this cowboy covered in sweat and engine grease and a hint of hair poking out where his shirt exposed his chest.



“Yep,” Jesse announced decidedly, bringing Hanzo out of his daze.  The cowboy hooked his thumbs at his belt buckle and continued, “I got no clue what I'm lookin’ at.”



Hanzo knit his eyebrows