on his divorce without anyone getting punched in their face. And at last… this time the damned journalists would ask not only about the divorce. The majority of questions would concern…

Yakov mumbled a swear word.

No, he thought. Stop. Don’t think about it. You’ve been thinking about it for far too long. It just happened. You’re not going to change it. And it’s not like you miss that boy that much. Or that little bastard, his brother.

Well, he could repeat all of these to himself, but the green eyes reflected in the mirror were telling him something else – being dark and depressed.

‘… a major weather change will come in the second week of May. And that’s when the people of western Russia can finally put the winter clothing back in their wardrobes. The latest fashion trends bring…’

Feltsman’s eyes wandered over the boxes stacked in the living room. They were everywhere – on the floor, on the sofa, on the table… Some of them were empty, some of them were just in the half, and some of them were still tightly taped. There were three pictures peeping out of one of them.

At the first one, two skaters were making threatening faces at the camera and showing their middle fingers while wearing medals. Yakov smiled at the reminder of that moment. The photo was taken in 1967. That was when Feltsman and Lubicheva won their first and only gold – but what kind of a gold! An Olympic one! Eh, what a marvellous day.

Another photo pictured Lilia and Tatyana on the beach in Los Angeles. The women wearing striped swimsuits were standing by a palm, both with a hand put on a hairy trunk of the plant and with a leg raised up in a full standing split. Baranovskaya-Feltsman’s sunglasses were heart-shaped, and the ones belonging to Lubicheva-McKenzie had eyelashes attached to them. The photo would be perfect if not for a finger put in the frame accidentally by Steve – American Olympic champion in speed skating, privately married to Tatyana.

For the third photo…

‘Newlyweds should think about spending their honeymoon in France!’ the announcer chirruped. ‘The weather at Cote d’Azure is going to be just perfect!’

For a second… literally just for a second Yakov considered throwing the TV out the window. For fuck’s sake, why were the smug fools always babble about honeymoons? Were they getting paid for it, or what?

With his mouth foaming, Yakov walked across the room, grabbed a remote controller angrily and turned the volume down. Before going back to the toilet, he glanced at the Photo Number Three. After a thought he took it out of the box and put it on the table, image facing the tabletop. He felt a little better. A little.


Time will heal, they say…


Fifteen minutes passed and Yakov finished shaving. A large hand wearing a gold signet ring ran over his cheeks.

All smooth like a baby’s arse, he mumbled in his thoughts. Let’s hope it’s enough for the ladies to stop complaining I can’t get myself ready for a banquet.

The fifty-year-old gazed at his reflection for a while. He wasn’t one of these candyarse blokes who would spend hours in front of a mirror, but that day… that day he felt a weird need to look at himself more closely.

He didn’t know why he did. Maybe it was because he was about to attend a banquet finishing the World Championships in Figure Skating? Or rather because… he was about to attend an event like that without his wife for the first time in twenty five years.

Feltsman shrugged. The man in the mirror looked strangely… foreign to him. Even though he didn’t see it at the first sight. His hair was the same fair-brown shade as always, his brows were furrowed in the same way, and his arms exposed by a white vest were just as muscular as in his youth (or even a bit more?). There were just some slightest differences – a few of grey hair strands by his ear, a bit of wrinkles around his eyes, the look being more tired and resigned compared to the predatory one… and the hair. Pulled back in a ponytail, reaching his shoulder blades hair begged him to see a hairdresser – it was a high time to get it trimmed! But Yakov couldn’t get up the courage to do it for one reason:

For the past twenty five years Lilia was the only person who ever trimmed his hair.


All right, enough of this! I gave to get myself together at last. The last thing I need is prowling around the house like a lady with a period!


Yakov marched into his living room angrily. He chose the perfect moment – the damned weather forecast had finished, finally.

‘And now,’ the man in the TV studio began, winking at the audience, ‘a special edition of the „Daily Sport News”! To celebrate the end of World Figure Skating Championships held in Petersburg we