?" Fen'Din paused as the blue glow thickened in the air before him. "It's all right, Dolora," he said, again, before raising his voice. "She says they need to return to the Stone. Does anyone know how to make that happen? Is that something we can do?"

"They already are stone!" Candles shrieked. At least now she held Kinnon's arm in a death-grip instead of whacking him some more. In her other hand, she summoned fire, tucking it against her palm like a weapon. She had no idea if that would help, fire against stone, but at least fire was familiar.

"I don't think that's quite what he -- she, whoever's talking -- means?" Kinnon protested, seeing the flicker of fire between Candles's fingers. Still, he kept her between him and the glowing mounds of rock.

"It's hopeless," Keili murmured, face drained of colour, as the rock-wraiths shambled closer. "They can't go back, and neither can we."

The brontos snorted and tossed their heads, trying to back up, only to find the carts in the way. Petra turned to Ansgar for instructions, but he merely stared, absently trying to soothe the bronto in front of him.

Fire leaped in front of the rock-wraiths, herding them back a step.

"Candles!" Petra hissed, hoping that hadn't just made things worse.

"Rocks? Rocks..." Kinnon's hands flashed and the rock wraiths trembled violently, the stone splitting and shearing. But, it still held its shape, sort of, if a little differently filled in. "Running out of ideas! Keili? You want to give me a hand?"

"It's too late for us. They won't pass us by. Even if they do, we'll never get out." Keili rocked back and forth as one of her feet bounced against the bottom of the cart. "We're here forever."

The swirling blue-green that hung in the air between Fen'Din and Keili shrieked, wordless and filled with the loss of them.

"Keili," Fen'Din called over to the other cart. "Keili, we're walking out of here, just like we walked in. Don't you remember all those people from Hawk Hold? They think you're amazing, and they're right. So, be amazing for us, Keili. Sing that song they were trying to teach Kinnon."

"Why does it matter! We're never getting out of here!" Keili snapped, the loudest and harshest she'd been in years.

The rock wraiths pressed forward, and Kinnon raised a barrier around the front rank of carts. "Come on, somebody do something! I'm running out of ideas! Still!"

Fen'Din reached up into the thick cloud that hung around him. "Come on, Kinnon, sing me a dirty Tevinter drinking song. I know you know a few of those. You pick, I'll follow along."

"That's your idea? To sing?" Kinnon's voice came out a bit shrieky. "Why do all your escape plans involve singing?"

"In fairness, it seemed to work the first time," Petra said. A shield shimmered into existence around the front of the cart.

Kinnon looked at her as though betrayed, but they both knew she was right. As Candles continued throwing fire at the rock, Kinnon began to sing. It wasn't Tevinter and it wasn't the dirtiest song he knew, but it was the one that came to mind. "In the woods, there grew a tree. A fine, fine tree was he." Trees and rhyming put him in mind of the sylvan they had met what seemed like ages ago, and he hated himself for picking this song. "On that tree there was a limb, and on that limb, there was a branch..."

"On that branch, there was a nest, and in that nest, there was an egg," Fen'Din sang with him, gesturing for Candles to join in.

"You know, if we sing loud enough, at least somebody will find us. Hopefully somebody who knows what they're doing." Candles laughed and turned around in her seat to encourage as many of the mages as she could see to join them, as she started to sing. The fire hadn't been doing much. Better to rest her hands and come back with something else.

"Of that feather was a bed!" Petra joined in, as well, shrugging. What could it really hurt? They weren't running. She cast a weak but wide rejuvenation spell, imparting a general air of well being, if not much else.

But, the rock wraiths grew angry, and Dolora raged and wailed their despair.

"Sing, Dolora!" Fen'Din encouraged. "Show them the words. They're not trapped any more."

The next verse picked up,