. He nodded to a question he couldn't really fully comprehend but assumed yes was the right answer, since Kuroo from Nekoma smiled approvingly. Iwaizumi covered his mouth with his fist as he felt Oikawa undoing his belt and zipper faster than Iwaizumi can tell him to stop.

Oikawa pulled Iwaizumi’s pants down to his knees, giving up at that point and pressed his face against Iwaizumi’s boxer briefs, inhaling his scent. Iwaizumi grunted, adjusting his position in the seat, trying to concentrate. Oikawa mouthed at the outline of Iwaizumi’s cock, quietly moaning as he wet his tongue against the fabric and watched Iwaizumi bite his finger.

Oikawa was, in Iwaizumi’s opinion, a very clean person. Granted, he did leave things around, but he always cleaned up after himself if it was something that he knew Iwaizumi wouldn’t like. Iwaizumi was someone who hated messes. It made it harder for him to get whatever he needed to be done and was just, in general, a waste of time. But when it came to giving head, Oikawa was a complete slob. He was loud and spit dripped everywhere, he had a gag reflex yet still ignored it when sucking Iwaizumi off. He hated bitter foods yet drank cum like it was his favorite soda. That was the only time Iwaizumi could overlook Oikawa’s mess.

Iwaizumi at this point was already fully hard as he felt Oikawa’s mouth envelope the front of his boxers, moaning lowly. He cleared his throat loudly, grabbing the attention of everyone in the meeting.

“I apologize for the interruption... Again. But anyways, I think the point is, I already went against my father’s recommendations of dismissing you and gave you more than enough time. If I were to give you another month, who’s to say you won’t just waste my time and assets again?” Iwaizumi was honestly pretty proud of himself for being able to speak with the current situation.

“That is true, but what if Nekoma was to invest in Aoba Johsai too? It could be a joint investment, and pay off in the future. It’s a huge company, if people heard Iwaizumi Incorporated and Nekoma both approved of Aoba Johsai, don’t you think it’d help their reputation?” Kuroo bargained. Iwaizumi huffed, watching the other businessmen nod in agreement. 

Oikawa tapped Iwaizumi’s knee, grabbing his attention. Iwaizumi slid his eyes to meet Oikawa’s, and boy was he not disappointed. Spit was sliding down Oikawa’s chin and his eyes screamed pleasure, his hand was working on Iwaizumi’s cock and balls simultaneously while his other was in his own shorts. He pulled his mouth off of Iwaizumi’s briefs to nod in approval to Kuroo’s proposal.

Iwaizumi turned to the computer and nodded in response, “How much would each company earn, though? How would we divide the earnings? And how much would each company invest? If we don’t contribute fifty/fifty, then it wouldn’t make sense for the earnings to be split fifty/fifty,” Tooru hummed in agreement, still sucking Iwaizumi’s balls through his boxers and making Iwaizumi grit his teeth to hold back a moan. 

Kuroo tapped his chin, “Well, it depends on how much you are willing to invest in the beginning. Since Aoba Johsai is a branch of Iwaizumi Incorporated, it wouldn’t make sense for Nekoma to invest more.”

Iwaizumi looked under the table as Oikawa tapped his knee again, watching Oikawa hold up five fingers, and then two. Iwaizumi clicked his tongue, shaking his head until he heard the man from Aoba Johsai speak again, what was his name again? Iwaizumi can’t remember, he honestly can barely think with how close to cumming he is, “Iwaizumi-san? How much are you thinking?”

 Iwaizumi rubbed his chin, swallowing hard as he tried to speak without making an embarrassing noise, “I was thinking sixty perc—“ Iwaizumi couldn’t even finish his sentence before feeling Oikawa bite slightly, letting out a noise in-between a yelp and a cough. 

“Uh—Iwaizumi-san? Sixty percent?” Iwaizumi glared at Oikawa, who only stared back innocently.

“Pardon me, I meant seventy. Seventy percent,” Iwaizumi replied, feeling Oikawa’s adam's apple bob against his cock. Oikawa finally, fucking finally went to take his boxers off. Iwaizumi almost came at just the thought of being in Oikawa’s mouth, until Oikawa simply snapped the waistband against his pelvis, making Iwaizumi shove his foot into Oikawa’s crotch, hard. 

Oikawa jumped, hitting his head against the table. Iwaizumi straightened up a second time, trying to look as discrete as possible. There was a large silence in the call, everyone looking uncomfortably at Iwaizumi.

“Is everything alright, Iwaizumi-san? We could always reschedule—“ The representative from Aoba Johsai stammered. Why couldn’t Iwaizumi remember his name? He must be capable, if not he wouldn’t be here, Iwaizumi, get it fucking together.

“Yes, yes everything