to cool his mind.

JAVERT/ENJOLRAS- We're-next-door-neighbors-and-your-cat-keeps-ending-up-in-my-flat AU

It’s 3 am when he wakes up to a loud pounding at his door.

Enjolras blinks, confused and groggy. Confused soon turned irritated as he vaguely registered that no, he was not dreaming, and no, the pounding is not going away by ignoring it. With a groan and a curse he drags himself out of his bed and gropes clumsily to the front room.

He opens the door and finds his neighbor on the other side. The asshole cop guy. What was his name? Jacobs? Jaquin???

Javert, his mind supplies, and he grunts thanks to himself. Javert looks to be in a similar state of being, gray hair sticking up in all directions, eyes blinking rapidly and mouth turned down in a scowl. He’s swaying slightly on his feet (covered in what appear to be Elmo slippers) and held awkwardly in his arms-

“That’s my cat.” Enjolras says brilliantly. As if knowing she was being spoken about, Belle looks at Enjolras with the usual amount of boredom and derision, like she’s being inconvenienced by simply being in Enjolras’ presence.

 Javert’s scowl, if possible, deepens. His voice is gravelly with sleep when he talks. “This is the third night this week I’ve woken up to this… thing laying on my pillow. I don’t know how it gets there, and I don’t know why, but if you don’t learn to control your fucking pet I’m calling Animal Control.”

He shoves Belle at Enjolras, and Enjolras grabs her just in time. Without the cat in the way Enjolras notices that Javert isn’t wearing a shirt, and with sleep-addled reflexes he finds himself zoning out on the expanse of skin stretching over the older man’s chest and the light dust of hair down his stomach. He comes back to himself with a start one feels when suddenly fully waking up, and hopes the dark of the hallway hides the bright blush that’s bloomed on his face.

“Okay, well, I’ll try to keep an eye on her.” He mumbles, too embarrassed to think up a scathing comeback that would have been on the tip of his tongue in the reasonable hours of the day. He forces himself to look at Javert’s face, to see if he noticed Enjolras staring, but Enjolras is surprised to find Javert isn’t looking at him. Well, no, that’s not true; Javert IS looking at him, but his eyes are downcast and focused on Enjolras’ legs. The stare looks a little glazed, almost distracted. Enjolras is suddenly acutely aware that he’s clad in nothing but a pair of gray briefs and his Bikini Kill tee-shirt. Enjolras shifts and clears his throat, and Javert blinks as if startled.

“Is there anything else, Officer?” Enjolras drawls, feeling a spark of smug triumph when Javert looks back at him like he’s been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Javert glares at him, but Enjolras will swear that there was red in his cheeks.

“Just keep the cat away from me.” Javert growls and turns promptly away, storming back to his door and entering his own apartment quickly. Enjolras watches, a little confused on what exactly happened but feeling weirdly good about it. After a moment he hears an indignant meow and glances down.

Belle is giving him the cat equivalent of a glower. Enjolras glowers back. “Don’t look at me like that,” He says, “this is all your fault to begin with.”

She meows again, as if dismissing his accusation. She looks at Javert’s door almost longingly, her tail swishing from side to side. Enjolras rolls his eyes and holds her tighter. 

“Stop that. You’re gonna get us in trouble. And if I can’t sleep with the neighbor, neither can you.” He has no idea where the last sentence came from or why he even said it. But in the quiet of the hall with noone else around except his cat who doesn’t seem to care either way he shrugs it away as tired talk and steps back into his flat, closing the door softly.

COURFEYRAC/GRANTAIRE FOR THE PROMPT- "Things you said when you thought I was asleep"

It’s close to 3 in the morning. It has to be. They didn’t stumble into Courfeyrac’s apartment till quarter to 2, and they were so busy wrapped up in each other that the farthest thing from their minds was looking at the time. Now Courf is asleep, face half-buried in the pillow and bare back still shiny from sweat and slick and it’s disgusting, really, but Grantaire wishes he had a camera to capture the painting-in-waiting before him. He’s not tired, never is anymore, so he leans on his elbow and watches his friend’s