I’ve been ignoring Yato more than unusual recently, he’s been sadder and I think it has something to do with me so I thought keeping my distance would help him. However, Yukine told me that he’s only gotten worse and when I tried to ask him about it but he disappeared on me. Literally. I just think that whatever is going on with him will pass and things will go back to normal. I really hope things go back to normal.
It’s now been a month since Yato stopped talking to me; he hasn’t even given any excuse as to why he’s acting like this. Even though Kofuku and everyone told me to not worry about it, and that sometimes he just gets like this I still can’t help feel like maybe he doesn’t want to see me anymore.
Still even two weeks later Yato still won’t look me in the eyes when I stop by Kofuku’s to help Yukine with his homework. After I get Yukine going I walk down the hallway and find Yato sitting with his back to a wall and his head in his hands, “Are you alright?” I kneel down in front of him and when he doesn’t run away I place my hand on his shoulder. “It’s ok if you aren’t. I’ll listen to whatever is troubling you.”
He laughs and my hand gets knocked off his shoulder, “You know I once said that to you before.” Yato still hasn’t looked up at me and I think that maybe I was right. He doesn’t want anything to do with me anymore. “You’re just like her.” It’s barely a whisper but I hear it and I can’t think of who he’s talking about. “Sakura wanted to listen to all my problems. She was nice just like you. I didn’t deserve her.” He looks up now and I can see the tear marks on his cheeks and red puffy eyes, “I don’t deserve you!” he shouts and I jump.
“What-” Sakura, his second senki…
Yato starts to stand up but I pull him back down and wrapped my arms around him, “Hiyori?”
“Shut up.” I don’t know what to say to him. What can I say to him? “You thought what you were doing wasn’t wrong. You were tricked.”
“How-”
He’s crying again, “Please don’t cry.” I wipe away one of the tears with my thumb and let my hand linger on his cheek before I realize what I’m doing. I quickly pull my hand away and start to gather myself. Yato’s hand grabs onto mine and I look down at where our fingers are interlaced. “What are you doing?”
His lips crash against mine and it’s awkward for a brief second until he softens the kiss, but just like that it’s over and he’s gone. He disappeared on me like he always does. I touch my lips and look down the hallway to see Yukine staring at me in disbelief. “It’s about time.” he says before leaving.