him to see her was if somebody channeled her spirit and that wasn’t possible right now. After all, only spirit mediums of Kurain Village was capable of doing such acts.

Phoenix placed the bouquet of flowers in front of her gravestone before he sat down facing the words in front of him. Bold words stating Mia’s name, date of birth, and date of death struck him. He let out a sigh and then placing the bag of coffee beans carefully beside the white roses.

“Hey chief, it’s been a while hasn’t it?” He stared blankly at the text before breaking into a sad smile. “You know, I haven’t heard from you in a while… how have you been? Me? I’ve been good.”

Phoenix turned away from Mia’s tombstone and leaned back a little with his hands supporting his side. His eyes looked up into the sky as the smile on his face widened slightly. He brushed the bottom of his nose briefly.

“I hired some very promising young lawyers into the agency and we have been continuously battling the fights to restore the legal system to its original glory,” He removed his attorney badge from the collar of his shirt before averting his eyes down to where he had held the badge. “You know, after so many years without being a lawyer so many things have become crystal clear. Sometimes I still have doubts in what I do you know? Those young lawyers look up to me just as much as I looked up to you, I—“ Phoenix felt his voice grow heavy, he choked a little as tears started to well up in his eyes. “Sometimes I feel so lost. Even up until this day I expect you to pop right next to me when I’m lost or stuck in a pit of doubt—chief you shouldn’t have died like that, I—I really miss you but you know, when times get bad I would always replay the two words you have taught me.”

He closed his eyes and breathed in.

“Always believe in your clients,” Mia’s voice played in his head. Some reason the voice felt so real, it almost felt like Mia was right by his side, giving him reassurance like the good old days. He could recall the days where Pearl and Maya would channel Mia to help him in his cases vividly. The feelings felt so real, the warmth of Mia’s voice, and the passion she had—everything felt so out of place as if they felt too real to be a flashback.

“ Phoenix?” Wait, that wasn’t a part of the script he had Mia play. A bizarre though came across his mind before he looked up and then his face went pale.

It was Mia—no, it was Maya channeling Mia! It was a little surprising to see her at this moment, though, not entirely. It really was her in Maya’s body. The hair, the physique—it was Mia Fey alright! He noticed the smile on her face before noticing her sit down right next to him.

“It’s been a while hasn’t it Phoenix?” Mia tilted her head and then noticing the tears hung at the rim of his eyes. Her hands reached out to wipe them. “You missed me?”

“Yeah, all the time—especially when I’m stuck on a trial,” He grinned sheepishly while rubbing the back of his head. There was no use in denying them, Mia probably heard all that he had to say to him when he thought he was alone.

“You have grown up to be quite the lawyer haven’t you?”

“You can say that chief, it’s all thanks to you—“

“No Phoenix, thank yourself,” Mia cut off Phoenix before continuing. “You have flourished so much without me and truly showed the world what it meant to be a lawyer of justice. You know, not many people in the world care about the truth anymore so when I see you always believing in your clients no matter how tough the situation is, I’m really happy.”

“Ah… Chief,” at this point Phoenix was really loss for words but the least he could do was muster a smile. “This is the exact reason why I have returned to the world of law—along with those promising young lawyers, I vow to restore the legal system to its original glory and break out of the Dark Age of the law once and for all.”

“You can do it Phoenix, I believe in you—Maya and Pearl also believe in you,” Mia allowed her smile ever so slightly. “Maya and Pearl take turns to channel me in when one of your trials are played on TV you know—I’m always watching over you and I’m proud to have somebody like you taking care of the agency.”

Ahh, he couldn’t take any more of his ex-boss’s compliments. He could feel his face heat up a little so it was best to change topics before he ended up redder than a tomato.

“By the