grin as she moved her bangs out of her face. "A little heavier, though. I've been eating all week- I tell ya, there's a reason they don't include the calorie counts on the menus," Historia giggled, leaning against the wall.

"Well, I suppose you're liking the Capitol so far. Tell me, do you think you're ready for the games?"

"Trust me, Hanji- I've made an alliance with the smartest, bravest tribute I could find," Historia's cheeks flamed, and she looked down. "I think I'm ready."

"You're ready," Historia smiled slightly, not looking her in the eye. "Trust me,"

I hope you liked it! Thanks again to everyone who left kudos, nice comments, etc. Luv you kiddos x <3

Anybody notice I seem to have a thing for glitter on girls? This is my life and these are my choices


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Ymir stood, legs shaking slightly, leaning against the wall. Pictures of someone with brown hair and glasses covered the walls, posing with people who she could only guess were victors.

"District 1 is on in ten. I'll be the first to go," Historia spoke, taking Ymir's hand in her own. Their silver rings touched, warm from their skin. "Remember what we practiced, okay? Be calm, like you do this sort of thing all the time,"

Ymir nodded, her heart thrumming in her chest.

"Historia?" Reiner called, motioning. "We're on soon, get over here!"

"Right, sorry!" She called, fluttering her eyelashes.

"I've gotta go. Remember what I said, okay?"

"I will," Ymir spoke, her voice strained. Without Historia at her side, she felt even more vulnerable, as if she'd left a vital piece of her behind.

All of a sudden, the lights in the hallway dimmed, and the crowd outside roared to life, whistling and screaming. Screens in the hallway lit up, advertising the whole affair. Historia flounced out, waving and grinning at the crowd.

I should learn from her, Ymir mused. She's the greatest actress I've ever seen- no one knows the real her.

Historia's dress was a pastel, cotton candy pink concoction, all tulle and layers and white glitter. The hem reached past her feet, and the corset laced up to her chest, her arms and shoulders bare and covered in the same glitter. Her hair was in loose ringlets, falling around her face, which was blushing (artificial, Ymir was positive) and gleaming.

"Miss Reiss!" Hanji announced, wearing a blue suit and tie, covered in glitter. "It's great to have you here in the Capitol tonight! How are you feeling?" 

"Like the luckiest girl alive!" Historia gushed, grinning. "All of the luxuries available here- and it's all thanks to the Capitol's generosity!" She flashed what Ymir instantly recognized as a fake smile out at the cheering crowd, many of which were looking at her like she had placed the stars in the sky.

"And would you say you're prepared?"

Historia gave Hanji a very knowing smile before nodding.

"I'd say I'm very prepared,"

Ymir waited, tapping her foot and biting her nails. She had hoped that when Historia came off stage, she would come talk to her, but instead, she was swarmed by her prep team the moment she stepped into the hallway. Reiner walked onto stage, replacing her quickly.

"Did the shoes work out alright?"

"Yes, yes, they were fine, listen, can I-"

"And you makeup didn't smudge at all?"

"No, but can I-"

"You could've looked a bit more enthusiastic, you know-"

"I really just want to talk to-" And just like that, District 1's prep team swirled her out of the room, still combing her hair and poking various brushes at her face.

Ymir sighed, leaning against the wall. Petra had finally succumbed to her iron will, allowing her to wear a suit- however, she had still gotten her way, dusting the whole thing with fine black glitter. She was vaguely aware of the screen in the corner of her eye, halfheartedly watching as Reiner moved confidently over to Hanji, shaking hands and nodding, sitting down on the lush couch.

Her prep team had told her they were going to apply "minimalistic makeup", but Ymir's face had never felt heavier. Looking at her reflection in the mirrored wall, she hardly recognized herself. Mike had covered her freckles and dusted her cheeks with a very light brush of gold glitter, just enough to make her glimmer when she walked on stage. He had painted her eyelids as well, a sharp black line on each lid, accompanied by a metallic gold streak just above.

She turned, her sharp eyes focusing on