a point where he’d think she’s warmed up to him, then she’d shut down and freeze him out. He didn’t know if this was a negotiation tactic or if she was just insufferable.

“Well, I feel bad having asked for you to be transferred here, so –”

“You had me transferred here? Why?” She didn’t allow him a chance to answer before figuring it out for herself. “Ah. You want the younger ones more susceptible to your propaganda, don’t you,” she laughed. “Very clever, 2187. You would’ve made a decent officer back in the Order, you know that?”

“I’m an officer here, actually. And technically I outrank you.”

“Sure, sure. But I meant a real officer.”

Finn crossed his arms, shifting his weight to one side. He shot her a displeased look, which she smiled at slightly before pressing her lips together in show.

“As I was saying, I brought you some music to help pass the time. If you don’t know what music is, it’s impossible to explain, so just turn the thing on and you’ll figure it out.”

Finn was surprised to see her eyes soften as she stood slowly to reach out for the music player.

“…I know what music is,” she whispered. “…Thank you.”

He sat down in front of her cell, sliding the remaining piece of puffcake through the bars. “I also brought you this. It’s really kriffing good, but if you don’t like it I can find you something else from the mess. But, you’ll like it.”

“No need to keep trying to curry my favor, 2187. You know where I stand.”

“I do, I do. But for the life of me I can’t figure out why. They’re not coming for you, you know that, right? You have to know that. Stormtroopers don’t matter to them.”

She shrugged again, examining each music disc until she seemed to recognize one. Inserting it into the player, she closed her eyes in satisfaction as her selection played. It was a classical piece, from Coruscant. For the first time, she seemed calm.

“My Captain used to play this music. Sometimes. When everyone else was asleep. I heard he was from Coruscant, and that he listened to it as a child. He was grooming me for a promotion in rank, so I spent personal time with him. He shared things with me. This was one of them. I was going to become a Captain. I had a name picked out and everything.”

Finn studied her features as she spoke, watching her head sway slightly to the music. Her short reddish-brown hair had grown a bit longer, and he could see that she tried to pull it back behind her ears.

“Music is not permitted in the First Order. You know that, I know that. My Captain knew that. I had him reported for failure to comply,” she said, her face unchanging. “They sent him to Reconditioning. He came back, obviously stripped of his rank, but he was different. He didn’t seem alive inside. I watched him struggle to hold a fork, once. I suppose it’s hard with only four finge–”

“Enough,” Finn barked at her, slamming his fist against one of the bars. She remained unmoved and he was upset with himself for losing his cool.

After a beat, she opened her eyes and stared straight at him. Her look was impassive but firm.

“I know what you want, FN-2187. I heard about what happened to your pilot friend. And I know you hate me for not converting to your Resistance, but you know I can’t.”

He sighed. “I don’t know why you think you can’t, Five.”

“Because… I don’t feel bad about reporting on my commanding officer. I believe it made him better, the Reconditioning. It tears you up inside to hear that, because I know your pilot went through the process as well. I don’t feel bad about that, either. I think. I mean, I’m not trying to hurt you, 2187. Finn. I just… there’s something wrong with me. I don’t think I learned all the parts about how to feel… nice.”

Finn had wanted to lash out at her and her complete lack of empathy. Hearing her reflect about herself, though, was something new. He was aware that it was likely another trap in the infuriating games she liked to play, but this was the closest she had ever come to acting like a person with regrets, and he was intrigued.

“I’m sorry to hear you can’t feel things, Five. I honestly don’t know if the Resistance can help you with that.”

“So if I can never come around to your way of thinking and feeling are you just