actually enjoying himself. That is, until he and Elizabeth are locked into a room together to consummate their marriage.

"Well," John says, rubbing his sweaty palms on his pants. "This is awkward. They expect us to be here until... when?"

"Until dawn," Elizabeth answers, sitting down on the (very big and very soft) bed. She's looking beautiful in the traditional dress the queen supplied. It's red and gold with black beads and has slits in all kinds of interesting places – or places John would find interesting if they had been attached to someone besides his boss.

"So." He searches desperately for something to say. "Wanna play cards or something?"

It turns out that John just got married to a card shark. When the sun rises outside, Elizabeth owns not only his dessert for the next two months, but also his solemn promise to hand his mission reports in on time for the next four.

Actually, he can think of worse ways to spend a wedding night.

~ * ~

On PD4-178, Rodney makes a new friend.

"A little girl gave it to me!" he exclaims. 'It' is a not-quite kitten, furry and orange, with bright green eyes and very sharp teeth. John finds that out because when he tries to scratch its ears, it chomps down on his hand.

"You know the rules, Rodney," John sighs, rubbing the bloody bite mark. "We can't bring it back to Atlantis unless the xeno-biologists clear it."

Rodney stubbornly holds on to the kitten. "It was a gift!" he says. "Do you want to insult these people by refusing a gift? We could cause a diplomatic incident, Major. It's our duty to Atlantis to bring it back!"

That's very ironic, because Rodney once single-handedly caused three diplomatic incidents before breakfast just by opening his mouth. John eyes the kitten warily. "I don't think that's a good idea," he says. The bite mark itches and he rubs it again.

"It's kind of cute," Ford says. Rodney actually beams at him, keeping his possessive hold of the little monster.

The bite mark really itches. John looks down on his hand. It's also very red and swollen. And he's feeling a little off, like his knees have taken a sudden leave of absence. Also, the world seems to be slightly off-kilter.

"We'd better get back," John slurs, reaching out to steady himself against the nearest available thing, which happens to be Teyla's chest. She gently removes his hand.

"Major Sheppard, are you not feeling well?"

"I feel..." John says, trying to focus on her. For some reason, her face has gone from honey brown to green. That can't be good. "I feel dizzy." The green fades into purple. It's a nice shade, but it doesn't match her hair. "Can you stop changing colour, please? It's very confusing."

Teyla's face goes from purple to yellow and also takes on a concerned expression. That's when John's knees give out completely and his multi-coloured world fades into black.

Ford has to carry him back to the 'gate. Rodney's kitten turns out to be a markat, a species that paralyses its prey before eating it. According to Teyla, it will grow up to be the size of a MALP.

John remains blissfully unaware of all this when he first wakes up in the infirmary to the sweet sound of Elizabeth chewing Rodney out.

"...know the rules, Rodney!"

"It was cuddly and cute! How was I supposed to know it was poisonous?"

"Rodney, if you want a pet, you can have one of Carson's mice. No more trying to adopt alien predators, is that understood?"

John smiles and goes back to sleep.

~ * ~

On P55-443, Ford has to sit on top of a pole for a day and a night. It's supposed to test his mental strength and concentration.

It is a very cold night, a high pole, and the platform on which Ford is sitting is small. At least the aliens let him take a blanket up there, but John still feels bad. He's the leader, he should've volunteered first. But it was Ford's turn to take care of the stupid alien ritual/ceremony/test/whatever. Still, neither of them sleeps very much that night.

Ford is shivering when he climbs down in the morning. As his feet touch the ground, he sneezes loudly into the crook of his elbow.

"Get away from me!" Rodney yelps, quickly backing off. "Keep your alien space-plague to yourself!"

The next time Ford sneezes, he specifically aims for Rodney.

~ * ~

On M66-007, the natives convince John to touch something weird and glowy. Thirty minutes later, he can hear people