“But have you seen him use chopsticks?” Manami was practically sighing and Toudou just stared at him. This was by far the stupidest thing he had said yet. 

“He uses them exactly like everyone else does.” He shook his head. He’d told Manami you were supposed to like your rival, this wasn’t exactly what he’d meant. “ Glasses is still pretty plain looking, even if he has nice eyes. I still don’t see the appeal.”

“You’re one to talk.” Arakita snorted from behind him. “Your rival is all spindly and has iridescent green hair.” 

 “Maki -chan is a perfect rival! Have you seen him climb??” Toudou turned to glare at Arakita.

 “Yes and his climb is as weird as his looks.” Appearing not at all bothered by Toudou’s tone or glare Arakita merely shrugged. “You were the one who brought looks into it not me, I’m just pointing out what everyone is thinking.”

 The noise Manami made could have been in agreement or it could have just been a sigh but before anyone had a chance to clarify the kid drifted out of the locker room and off somewhere on his bike. Toudou just shook his head, he was never going to understand that kid.

 “Well not all of us simply go for the first decent looking guy who pays us any attention.” Toudou turned back to Arakita with a slight smirk. “But of course some of us have taste.”

 “So you do like the spider then?” Arakita smirked pointedly ignoring the comment. Who he pined after was hardly Toudou’s business.

 “He’s the best rival I’ve ever had.” Toudou shrugged and waved his hand in a brushing off motion. He turned to look at Shinkai who had been, in his opinion, suspiciously quiet throughout the entire conversation. “What about you? You’ve got plenty of admirers I’m sure.”

 “Hmm? I guess.” Shinkai shrugged looking up at them as though it had just occurred to him that they were still in the locker room. 

 Arakita and Toudou kept quiet for a few minutes waiting to see if Shinkai would elaborate at all. It was Toudou who lost patience first. “So who do you like? Fuku? That girl who left you a letter? The blonde one who shows up to every race?”

 “I like my rabbit.” Shinkai offered but the two of them just stared at him. “Fuku’s okay I guess? I mean most of the team is alright. I don’t dislike anyone.” 

 “Not like that.” Arakita rolled his eyes. “The idiot’s asking if you’ve got a crush on anyone, romantically.”

 “Oh.” Shinkai paused for a moment as though he was actually giving the question some thought. “No.”

 “What a waste.” Toudou sighed, rather more dramatically than the situation really called for. Shinkai shrugged as he walked out. “All those fan girls and he doesn’t care at all.”

 “Yeah I’m out too, if you’re going to start whining about people stealing your fan girls I’m not hanging around to listen.” Arakita shook his head and headed out as well.

 “What a waste, all these people competing for my fan girls attention and not one of them even cares about the poor girls.” Toudou announced to the empty room before putting his headband back on and heading out to practice. 

 “You’re late.” Fukutomi frowned at him as he walked into the practice room.

 “Practice doesn’t start for another minute and a half Fuku.” Toudou shook his head. “The only one who’ll be late is Manami, he’s gone off again.”

 “He’s strong.” Fukutomi shrugged and went off to his own bike. By now Toudou was used to his way of speech enough to not be offended. That didn’t stop him from pressing a hand to his chest and pretending to be though.