all she could feel and hear were the words, “There you are.”

She extended her hand, helping her to her feet and the redhead towered over her, still a little shaky but relieved.

“I’m Sarita. Little tip, in the Hinterlands, don’t anger the bears.”

Brigid stood, smiling nervously at the petite elf who had just saved her life. “I am sure it won’t happen again. Thank you. For your help that is. I’m Brigid.”

Sarita smiled at her, delighted to have helped someone and Brigid returned the gesture. Her entire face lit up and Sarita rather felt like a flower being graced with sunlight.

They stood a little awkwardly, taking each other in, the bear lying dead just a few feet away. Sarita still could not shake the feeling that she knew the woman, Brigid, from somewhere but at the same time she was sure that if she had seen her before she would remember it. For her part Brigid seemed to be wondering why the dark haired elf was looking so intently at her. After several moments three other figures stumbled over to them, an attractive if severe looking human woman, a handsome dwarf carrying a crossbow and a bald elf with no vallaslin. All their eyes were on Brigid and the woman spoke first, her voice accented like a Nevarran she had once met.

“Herald there you are! We feared the worst when we lost you…who is this?” The woman asked, eyes narrowed in suspicion at Sarita.

Brigid (the Herald!?) looked slightly abashed but stood tall, “Seeker, I am unharmed, this woman saved my life, her name is Sarita.”

Sarita smiled and waved a little nervously at the group now staring at her.

“Oh. Well. Thank you.” The Seeker responded a little nervously.

“It was not a problem, I would have done the same for anyone. I am glad that Bri-The Herald is unharmed. I should be leaving though to let you all get back to whatever it was you were doing.” Sarita turned to begin leaving, stopped by the Dwarf speaking up.

“I take it your Clan is nearby? A dozen arrows pointed at us on all side?” He teased.

Sarita laughed, “No, it is just me. I was actually going to see what the Conclave was all about but I was late and…well you know the rest better than I do.”

“A spy!?” The Seeker asked affronted.

Sarita smiled gently, unafraid. “Yes I am clearly a terrible danger to all of you. A spy I was meant to be, yes, but with no malice intended.”

“One does not ordinarily encounter many Dalish travelling alone, let alone a mage wielding a bow.” The bald elf spoke up, bemused with the whole situation.

“I pride myself on being anything but ordinary,” Sarita flirted teasingly. “Besides, I can take care of myself, with a bow or a staff.”

The dwarf chuckled, “I like her, reminds me a little of my Kirkwall days. Before everything exploded anyway.”

Sarita’s brows furrowed, “Do things explode a lot around you? If so I think I might want to step a little further back…”

“What can I say, I guess I just have that effect on things.”

“I have no doubt! Well I really should be letting you all get back to things, I need to set up a camp for myself.”

“You can’t camp out here all alone!” Brigid spoke up for the first time in a while, sounding genuinely appalled with the idea.

Sarita turned and smiled at her, “It is alright, I have been out here for at least a week and no harm has come to me.”

Brigid reached out and grabbed her by the rest, stopping her from leaving and there was a mild spark of electricity between them. “Please, you saved my life, I insist that you let me repay the favour. At least let me cook for you!”

Now that got Sarita attention, she had been eating nothing but the bare minimum for days and her stomach rumbled a little at the thought of a decent meal. “Well, I suppose that I can come stay for one meal. Lead on my lady!” Sarita gave a faux bow to Brigid making her laugh for what she fairly sure was the first time since she woke in the cells under Haven.

Cassandra, Solas, Varric and Brigid looked on in awe as the petite elf finished a third bowl of stew, making a loud noise of satisfaction. “That was delicious, ma serranas. The first good meal I have had in a long time.”

“The second and third two,” Varric laughed.

Sarita took no offence at the tease and joined him in laughter, “Well I always have been a woman of many appetites,” she teased back, pausing to wink in the direction of Solas and Brigid. Solas almost choked on the swig of water he had just taken and Brigid turned red enough to match her hair.

Later that night, Brigid left her tent to stretch her legs