and led America to a room at the end of the hall. Once there, America shut the door and smiled pushing England on the bed.

England looked away uncertain and America understood his worry. “Don’t worry Arthur.... I... I love you...” America felt his face heat up and looked away. He heard England gasp and felt him kiss him He leaned up to whisper into America’s ear. “I love you too” America blushed and kissed England hard, fumbling with the buttons on the Brit’s shirt.  

England chuckled and undid his shirt and untucked his shirt. Sitting up, he slid off the bed and started to wiggle and roll his hips to get out of the tight leather pants. America drooled as he realized that the blond didn't wear anything underneath the pants. Grabbing Britain and pulling him close, America buried his face into the Brit’s crotch licking the hard treat.  “Ah! America.... wait.....” America just smiled and started to suck Britain. 

Getting impatient, America tugged the pants down and off the smaller man roughly. “Where is the lube?” He asked while innocently looking at the Briton. Blushing England pointed to the nightstand and America rummaged through it to find the lube. While the american was distracted Britain finished striping him and stroked the man’s erection, the younger nation moaned and bucked slightly. “Don’t touch..... I’m close to going off and I want to be inside you when that happens.”  England chuckled and laid back as America grabbed the lube. Sliding down the older man, America licked and sucked at the mans erection again. Lubing up his fingers America gently prodded at England’s entrance to see if the other man would allow this. When the other man moaned, America slowly slid the teasing finger into him. To America’s surprise the finger slid in easily. “What have you been doing? It’s all loose here...” The younger man slid in a second finger and moved them easily in and out of the Briton. 

“N-none of your business!” England gasped and moaned as the fingers continued to move in him.  America snorted and rubbed England’s prostate hard. How many men had the Brit slept with? The thought irritated America. 

“I think it is my business!”  America glowered and pushed in a third finger and spread them, making the man beneath him arch and moan. Just watching England moan and writhe beneath him stoked America’s lust to a white hot level. Removing his fingers America panted slightly. “Do you have a condom?” America asked, he didn't mind wearing one, but figured that England would be a stickler. 

“N-no... just go ahead...” England blushed and looked away. America nodded and gently started to push in. America couldn't believe it, he was really having sex with England! Watching closely, America paused once his head slid in. 

“A-are you ok?” America asked nervously, worried that he was hurting the other man. 

“ ‘m fine.... give me a moment...” England panted and looked at America, nodding when he was ready. Pushing the rest of the way in, America groaned. By the time America was fully in, both countries were panting and sweating. 

Slowly sliding back out, America stroked the other man, trying to give him something other than pain. Thrusting back in, the American smiled when the Brit moaned softly. Picking up the pace slowly, America aimed for the Briton’s prostate. When it was hit, the man beneath him arched and gasped. Grinning he aimed for that spot again and again. 

“AH!” England moaned and pushed down to meet the other man’s thrusts. “More~” 

Groaning, America leaned down to kiss the older man. “I.. can’t last much longer..” 

England smiled and wrapped his arms around America and kissed him. “Lets cum together then.” America nodded and bucked into England. The Brit groaned and tightened around America, Cumming, he scratched his nails down America’s back.

The American gasped and pushed in cumming. He couldn't believe it, he was finally one with England.  Kissing the Briton, America pulled out and hugged England to his chest.

Panting, England closed his eyes and relaxed. America closed his eyes and wondered what the next day would bring. Smiling, he closed his eyes and started to drift asleep.

“You know how you asked me why I was so loose?” The Englishman mumbled sleepily, “...dildo...” America’s eyes snapped open and he was wide awake.

“W-what!?” It was no use since the Brit was already asleep. Oh yeah... tomorrow was going to be an interesting day.

Groaning, England opened his eyes. What had he done last night? He had gone drinking and went to a club... The club! America! Sitting up, England frantically looked around, seeing the scattered clothes and sleeping American. England hid his face in shame. He had brought America home and had sex with him! Groaning, England rubbed at