punch me. ..

*Here's where it gets a bit R-rated Kids, so you might wanna skip this part if you don't want the details. But if I ever lose my memories, I wanna know this stuff.*

He sort of froze at first, then his mouth softened and he began to kiss me back. He arms slowly wrapped around me and he pulled me against his awesomely firm chest. My hand came up and I ran them through that silky mane of hair. He moaned and then regrettably tore his mouth from mine.

When he spoke his voice was gruff and strained "What are we doing? Are you gay? I'm not gay. This is insane! Do you even know how  to, you know, do this?"

Admittedly, none of that had crossed my mind when I was looking at his soft lips and wanting to kiss them. Blame it on the alcohol I guess. Luckily for both of us, I watch A LOT of porn. So, yeah, I had a pretty good idea how to go about finishing what we had just started. The questions were, how far did we want to take this and did we have the necessary equipment, ie;lube, condoms? 

I realised Sam was staring at me expecting an answer. I was surprisingly calm. Maybe because I was incredibly drunk, but I knew that night I wanted Sam. I smiled and slid my thigh up between Sam's legs. He sucked in air and he was definitely hard. Good. I replied 'Honestly Sam, I might just be gay for you. Or maybe its the alcohol, or this room, or this bed, but I know I'm feeling you something bad right now and I'd put money down that you're kind of into me tonight too. As far as the how-to goes, yeah, I'm pretty sure I've got that figured out. Let me just check one thing." I jumped off the bed opened the side drawer and sure enough, there was lube, condoms, and some other things we wouldn't need tonight. Thank you kinky-room-fairies. I grinned and looked back at Sam "Yeah, we're good"

I took the bottle and a condom out and discreetly laid them on the bed. As I crawled back on I leaned over and pulled off Sam's tight v-neck t-shirt. Damn! He looked fucking hot shirtless. I climbed up his body gently pushing him to the laying down position. As I straddled him I began kissing his neck. He made a sound between a hiss and a moan and pulled both my shirts off at the same time. My mouth moved lower the kiss and suck on that perfect chest and it brought our groins into direct contact with each other. Sam's hand slid around behind me and grabbed my ass. He pushed down on my ass, while grinding his cock against mine. My concentration was wavering and I was already panting and we hadn't even taken our pants off yet. 

Sam slid his hand into my hair and pulled me down so our faces touched. His lips grazed mine and he nibbled my lip before speaking "Gabe, whatever it is we need to do, lets fucking do it, cause.. I.."

I cut him off with a kiss "I know Sam, Me too.. fuck.. me too" I slid down the rest of his body and undid his belt and pulled off his Jeans. Luckily we kicked off our shoes earlier in our drinking. As I pulled off his boxers my eyes widened, Sam wasn't just large, he was downright huge. This was gonna be a challenge and for some reason, I had decided I wanted to feel all of that deep inside me. Damn, maybe gayness did run in families. 

I slid down the rest of his body and undid his belt and pulled off his Jeans. Luckily we kicked off our shoes earlier in our drinking. As I pulled off his boxers my eyes widened, Sam wasn't just large, he was downright huge. This was gonna be a challenge and for some reason, I had decided I wanted to feel all of that deep inside me. Damn, maybe gayness did run in families. I shimmied off my own pants as well. I grabbed the lube and sort of made a mess of trying to get it on my hands. Sam laughed until I distracted him by sliding that delicious cock in my mouth. Everyone always said I had a big mouth, in that instance, it came in handy. As I licked and sucked and explored the new sensation of a cock in mouth, I used my lubed up hand to slowly work and widen my asshole. Let me tell you, I'm glad I was drunk. Losing your v-card is a little uncomfortable, I don't care if you are a man or a woman, you feel me? Finally it began to feel good to work my four fingers in and out of my ass. I was sucking Sam more vigorously and he was moaning