consider taking a look at him? To help me with understanding how to help our connection?" He asked, though he was worried she would be unwilling to see him. Narcissa looked a little resigned, but she nodded anyway.

"Certainly." Harry nodded in thanks, taking his leave.

“If there is any way that I can help, please let me know, Harry dear,” Narcissa said as she set a cup of tea and a scone down beside Harry on the large table. He thanked her with a smile, his eyes scanning over the expanse of the Malfoy’s library. It looked daunting, though he was sure he wouldn’t need to scour the entire library, as he knew it to be meticulously organized. Nonetheless, he felt fortunate to be who he was, someone well versed in focused research. Although, he had never taken on a subject quite so dark and taboo, as his work was focused more on his own interests – history and Wizard-Muggle relations – he still supposed the skills would transfer.

As Harry scaned over the titles in his most obvious section – Dark Arts – he mused about how unlikely his chosen profession is. Sure, he was bound to be an intellect, being raised by someone like Severus Snape would do that to anyone. He still remembered Severus’ strict rules for him as a child – read one hundred pages a day, no play before homework, essay at the end of the week on each subject he had learned – and when he had gotten older, advanced Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts lessons. It was no wonder he wasn’t sorted into Ravenclaw, he was so much cleverer than his classmates when he arrived at Hogwarts.

Nevertheless, Harry was swept up into his reputation, whether he wanted it or not. Despite his Slytherin house and his Ravenclaw personality, he was still the Boy-Who-Lived, which seemed to overpower all of his other traits. So whether it was perfectly believable to those who knew him that Harry might not become an auror and might instead become a freelance writer and researcher, well, it was still a scandal.

And if Harry also started to publicly date Draco Malfoy, it was only fuel to the proverbial media fire, and oh had it gone up in flames. Harry found it hard not to think about his relationship with Draco, being in his family’s library, where Harry could vividly remember Draco’s smile as he had asked him to be his boyfriend. It had been so good for a while, too. Harry and Draco had practically grown up together, with Lucius and Severus being such close friends. It had been natural to grow together, to take their friendship and make more of it. It had seemed like the right thing to do, until they had moved in together and nearly killed one another with the arguments and the fights.

There was no reason or explanation for it; they simply could not live together. Harry loved Draco, he still did, really, but it was obvious from the very first month of living in the same house that Harry Potter-Snape and Draco Malfoy were not meant to be. He had no hard feelings, but that didn’t stop Draco from being a git about it.

They hadn’t spoken since Harry had broken things off, Draco’s pride too injured for them to speak to each other like civil adults. It hurt Harry deeply, because while Draco had been his lover for a year, he had been his best friend for his entire life. He had tried several times to approach Draco and repair things, but he had been so volatile and cruel to him that Harry now dreaded any chance of running into him.

So, naturally, being in the Malfoy’s home was setting him a little on edge. He could very well run into Draco at any moment, though he was sure Draco would try to avoid it. It didn’t seem to matter to him that Harry had used to be his best friend. He was content with losing that in favor of maintaining his famous Malfoy pride. Though if you asked Harry, he thought he was being rather ungraceful about it. Neither his mother or father would be so rude, no matter how hurt they were, but Draco was…Draco and he had not yet grown into a man, though he played at one.



Harry shook himself away from his thoughts, he was becoming distracted and he needed to focus. He had important things to worry about.

 

 

 

Hours later, Harry was no further than he had been before. He pushed another book away to join the piles around him and leaned back in his chair wearily. He was not sure what he had expected, this was very dark magic indeed, and it wasn’t going to be just lying about for anyone to find. He turned toward the door as it opened, smiling weakly at Narcissa as she came in with a sandwich.

“You could’ve sent a house elf with that.” He told her, taking the plate gratefully. Narcissa waved her hand dismissively, turning her eyes toward the stacks of discarded books on the