that. Though Kuroo couldn’t exactly say it was hatred between them, it clearly wasn’t love either for now. Which might become a problem if he did become the captain the following year.

“Hey, Tetsu, what d’ya know about him? I mean, I know you two weren’t in the best terms from what you told me, but you gotta know some stuff, right?” Koutarou asked him, his face full of hope. Tetsurou gasped dramatically and put a hand on his chest.

“Are you planning on dumping me for my nemesis? How cruel, what a treason!”

“What? Nooooooooo!! You know I’d never replace you for anyone in the world!!” Bokuto jumped on him and hugged him tight. He started pecking him all over the face. Kuroo couldn’t help the laugh that bubbled out of his chest.

They got called out by the coach to stop disturbing practice a moment later, and after giving Tetsurou a last peck, Bokuto went back to his team.

 

 

Later that day, the Nekoma team was enjoying a bit of free time before they would have to go to bed.

Kuroo was skimming through some papers, match analyses he had taken note of quickly throughout the day. Kenma was sitting next to him, playing on his PSP. The third years were picking on Taketora for the few missed spiked he had been allowed to try, but were blocked right away. Kai was currently trying to calm Yaku down. The libero looked ready to jump at the captain’s throat. Kuroo understood that. That was maybe one of the few things they agreed on. The third years’ behavior was awful. They treated their juniors like slaves and shut down whoever thought or was better than them. Yaku had been lucky enough to get in the team at the beginning of the year, as the previous libero had retired. He didn’t get as much bullying as the others, though they still weren’t kind to him.

“You’re staring again.” Kenma’s quiet voice made him jump. “At Yaku. You’ve been staring at him all day.”

“Is that so?”

“Hm.”

“It’s Bokuto’s fault. Saying dumb stuff and all.”

“He tried talking to Yaku earlier.” Kuroo looked at Kenma, raising an eyebrow. “His first year setter called him back though.”

Tetsurou hummed. He looked again at Yaku. The libero had joined the first years once their seniors had left to watch something on the captain’s phone. He had a gentle look on his face, though his eyes reflected the fire in him. Tetsurou thought he saw him say “Next year will be better”. Taketora and Fukunaga nodded. Yaku smiled at them.

“Can I tell you something?” Kuroo asked Kenma, not looking away.

“Depends.”

“I think Bokuto’s right.”

 

 

“Of course I am! When am I not? –Don’t you dare Tetsu!”

Kuroo held up his hands. “I didn’t say anything.”

“You thought it real hard!”

“If you say so.” Kuroo grinned.

They were sitting under the same tree as last time, eating a bit farther from the rest of their teams. This time, Kuroo was sprawled on the grass, his head resting on Bokuto’s laps.

“So? What we gonna do?” Koutarou asked, looking down at him.

“What do you mean, ‘what are we gonna do’? D’ya want to go to him and be like ‘Hey what d’ya think about dating those two hot guys’? Maybe you’d have a chance but I’m pretty sure he’d just tell me to fuck off.”

“You don’t know that though! When was the last time you two argued?”

Tetsurou closed his eyes and tried to make his memory work. The last fight they had had… He thought it might have been a dumb argument about which position was the best in volleyball. Now to know when it had been…

“Still there?”

“Yeah, yeah. I’m thinking. I think it was around the end of last year.”

“That’s a lot. Who says he hates you then! What if he confesses his long deep love for ya, huh?” Tetsurou snorted.

“That’s a very vivid imagination you’ve got there buddy.”

“Daww, don’t be like that Tetsu! If he doesn’t take you, then he ain’t getting me either!” Koutarou leaned down and pecked his forehead. “We’re a bundle, take one get two!”

Tetsurou laughed. He sat up and cupped Koutarou’s face with his hands and kissed him softly.

 

 

“Yaku?”

The libero looked up from his phone to look at Kuroo. His eyes then slid to Bokuto, who was fidgeting and half-hiding behind Kuroo.

“Yes?”

“Can we talk to you in private?”

“Did you break anything?”

“What? No! We just want to have a normal conversation with you