I know my Zayn name, say something, something to make me stay." Harry was ready, his hand on the doorknob


 

 


" I'm so sorry


 

 


"Don't  be , you made your choice." Harry wiped his face leaving the  Zayn's room 


 

 

 


 "I love you Harry" Zayn whispered


 

 

 

 


*******


 

 

 


3 months have passed  and Harry has not talked to him. Everyone in the school were surprised the distance between the two, they were inseparable. Many people asked and  Zayn always answered "I don't wanna talk about it"



 


Zayn ultimately decided go to the 15th birthday party of one of their classmates, Natalie. Zayn did not want to go, but Louis assured it would be fun. Harry was there, and Zayn could not stop looking at him. Harry was talking animatedly with the boy's sophomore year, Josh. Zayn saw them leaving the room to talk in the garden of Natalie's house, his feet unconsciously pursued them.
Zayn saw Josh coming of Harry's mouth, and he was not sure if Harry wanted or not that kiss, he did not care what Harry wanted  actually . Zayn did not want that kiss.

 

 


"Get your hands off him." Zayn yelled running up to them 


 

 


"No one called you here Malik." Josh shrugged his shoulders, turning his face to Harry that now seemed to repudiate the idea of kissing him 


 

 


"He does not want to kiss you idiot."   


 

 


"Harry is already a big boy, he doesn't  need you to tell him what he wants or not." Zayn would not let him finish his sentence and punched Josh's face


 

 


"Zayn, stop." Harry yelled and curious people thronged between them 


 

 


"Let's get out of here Harry." Zayn told him clutching his arm 


 

 


" Why you did this stupid?" Harry asked leaving to be taken for him


 

 


"He wanted to kiss you without you want."  


 

 


 "And why do you care?"   


 

 


"You're my best friend Harry, no one can hurt you."


 

 


"Only you can hurt me?" Harry asked sarcastically and Zayn did not answer. "You should go back inside and talk to Lucy. She seemed very interested in you."  


 

 


 "I don't want"


 

 


" Why not ?"


 

 


" "Because you'll always be the one for me "arry smiled, it was not an I love you, but it was the closest he ever heard of Zayn  


 

 


 And at that moment Harry Styles smile had forgiven Zayn Malik...


 

 


*****


 

 

 


They had 17 years now, they were beautiful in his suit for the prom. Harry was so happy, he waited for this moment since the first kiss with Zayn. He dreamed of the day they would be free of any excuse Zayn gave him to make his public relationship, as school, family, religion .. It would be just him and Zayn, and he could not wait to start this new life, he would go with Zayn for wherever he went. 


 


"We are free Zayn." Harry smiled grabbing his neck 


 

 


"Not here, anyone can see Harry" 


 

 


Do not be afraid, this is our new life baby." Harry told him kissing his lips, Zayn not push him away, he also felt freedom, the freedom to love Harry as he deserved.


 

 


"You are disgusting." Lucy shouted, and Harry could feel the panic in the eyes of Zayn


 

 


******


 

 

 


Bradford was a small town and rumors of their relationship ran all over the city. Yaser was not ashamed of Zayn as he imagined, he was sympathetic and at one point did not seem surprised, as well as family Styles. The family of both approved the relationship, the rest of the city does not. Zayn woke up one day with your house painted with large red letters "Gays are not welcome here." Harry told him that everything would be okay, but this time Zayn did not believe.


 

 


"I can't Harry, it's all too much for me."  


 

 


 "What do you mean? I'm too much for you?" Zayn did not answer him and Harry's nervousness only increased "Answer me  "


 

 


 "I can't do it Harry, I thought I could, but I can't. They are evil."


 

 


"Zayn we will leave here, everything will be different" Harry held his face strongly felt his tears fall 


 

 


  "People like that are everywhere, they will never understand. I always knew that"  


 

 


 "So that's it? You're going to change and I'm not part of your move?"  


 

 


 "I'm so sorry."


 

 

 


******


 

 

 


Many things have changed since he left his hometown. Zayn Malik was now one of the most important R & B artists of today. When Zayn moved to New York singing was not his original plan, study art was his initial design .... Find the producer Liam Payne in anyone karaoke was only a coincidence. Liam Payne was right about Zayn, he was the darling of America and his voice would be one of the most powerful in the world, this was said by Billboard in two consecutive years. Zayn never thought you could sing in front of thousands of people, he was used only with