about it, it's been sorted out. You've proven yourself and shown me that you're not here to fuck me around. This is your money."

He let out a short laugh and was lost for words. "Thanks, Viv."

"No need to thank me. Make sure you put all of that money in the bank!" She shouted after him as he took a brisk walk out of her office.

*

"Well, now with your first month sorted out and a steady list of good clients you don't have to see Zayn that often anymore." Liam said and Harry nodded, taking a long drink of his Coke.

"But I'm not turning him away if he asks for me." He replied, arching his brows.

"Just be careful, Haz.."

"Of?" Harry laughed and placed his can down on the bonnet/hood of Liam's car where they currently sat, overlooking the beach. "I'm pretty sure we've figured that he's not some axe murderer by now."

"Yeah, he's a normal guy, Harry... a normal married guy."

Harry's smile fell and he looked ahead at the crashing waves. "And, what's your point Liam? Like, ninety percent of our clients are married."

"I know that, and you know why that's so, right?"

"Because they're unhappy and looking for happiness that they can't achieve within the marriage, I'm not an idiot." Harry says with slight attitude.

"I'm not saying that you are one, Harry." Liam looks at him, but Harry refuses to meet his eyes. "You know what happens when people start spending more and more time together."

"It's just sex, we don't know anything interesting about each other to actually become attached."

"You're not grasping the concept of this." Liam says and shakes his head.

"Yeah, because you're fucking full of shit!"

"And you're just a stubborn kid who thinks he's got everything, and everyone figured out! I've been in this business longer than you have, Harry. I know what I'm talking about and I'm just looking out for you."

"I'm not asking you too. I appreciate everything that you've done for me, but I'm not some dependent toss."

Liam ignored him and continued to speak. "It's happened to us before, Harry. Our clients get attached because we say what they want to hear, kiss them how they want to be kissed - treat them like how they should be, and then it fucking goes to their head and they're telling you that they wanna leave their spouse for you and start a family and you have to let them go. Things could get really ugly and I'm telling you this so that you can avoid it - but do whatever you want, it's your life."


Liam's totally over thinking this entire situation. Harry things and scowls at the horizon in front of him.


***

"Hi,"

"Hi," Harry smiled into the kiss as he pushed Zayn's blazer off of his shoulders.

"Sorry I'm late," He pulls at Harry's white t-shirt and lifts it over his head. "I was just sorting out this weekend."

"What's happening this weekend?" Harry pants and makes fast work of undoing Zayn's belt.

"I have to go to New York for business." Zayn says and roughly turns Harry around to slam him chest first against the wall. Harry makes sure to arch his back and grind his ass up and down Zayn's crotch, getting him even harder than he already is. Zayn groans and traps Harry between the wall and his body, taking the belt out of his hand and nipping on his ear. "Oh, but what a perfect little tease you are."


Perfect.


Harry laughed and turned around to wrap his arms around Zayn's neck, "I know."


There's no one better than me and I know that.


Harry walks forward all the while kissing Zayn, making Zayn walk backwards until the back of his knees hit the edge of the bed and he's falling down with Harry on top of him. Fighting for dominance, the men are back and forth at flipping each other over, all the while trying to rid each other of their constricting pants.

Zayn finally gets the upper hand and has Harry's hands bound behind his back, courtesy of his belt, and is busy mercilessly thrusting into him.

"Fuck, ah - untie, untie me." Harry begs and turns his head to look at Zayn who licks his cherry lips and locks eyes with Harry - who's struggling to keep his open everytime Zayn hits his prostate. Tiny droplets of sweat forms on Zayn's forehead as his body temperature starts picking up. Harry keeps watching him, seeing how his face contorts from his growing pleasure, how he