looked like a regal queen. “I insist, as long as you’ll let me take charge of your look for tonight. I love doing – I mean, helping my friends with their appearance,” she corrected herself.

Eventually, Katie gave in, and Allura did the same with her makeup, choosing different foundations, blush, eyeliner, and lipstick. The jewelry was no different, except Katie was able to pick out a couple of earrings that she liked for herself.

“Allura, I can’t wear heels,” Katie complained.

“It’ll help elevate your height, and these match so well with your dress.” The mention of altitude helped resolve her case. “Okay.”

Of course, she was actually more interested in the electronics and video games she usually browsed through when at the mall, but Allura was adamant and dragged her away from the display windows.

Amazingly, they managed to finish their miniature shopping spree in less than twenty minutes, resulting in everything coming close to 250 dollars, which mortified Katie, as she’d never spent close to that much on appearance before. Tech, of course. But not this. As they waited outside, Katie’s jaw dropped. Rolling down the street towards them was no less than a limousine. And chauffeuring it was none other than… “Coran?”

“Oh, hello, Miss Holt!” Coran called out. “Are you catching a ride with Allura?”

“Yes, Katie is coming back with me, and we’re going to get ready together,” Allura said, smiling at Katie. Suddenly her expression slipped a little as she looked across the parking lot. Katie strained her neck to see what was in Allura’s line of vision. A woman wearing sunglasses, with a lock of hair falling into her face, was sliding into her own car. She apparently caught sight of Allura, frowned, and got into her car and drove away. Before Katie could ask who she was, Allura ushered her into the spacious car, and Katie ran her hands over the lush seats as the car sped towards Altea Manor.

(BTW, this is the dress I was picturing for Katie. she's got darker hair than Matt.)


  


long chapter, and ppl are already voting for kidge or pidgance. awesome.

Okay, I can't fit this all into one chapter, so Allura's birthday's going into 2 chapters.I still can't believe how popular this is.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Katie ogled at the sight of Allura’s manor. “Allura, you live here?”

“Yes. It’s fancy, but quite spacious, and lonely at times, so I’m glad for your company. Tonight’s going to be the complete opposite of the scale, so our ballroom’s going to be choked with people.” Allura sighed. “Come on, I’ll show you my room. We can prep there.”

Katie followed her up into the vast palace, nearly tripping over her own feet as she gawked at the place. Allura opened her room door, and Katie glanced at the large bed, the high windows, and the extravagant dresser before she saw the four mice frolicking in a large cage. “You keep mice as pets?”

“Oh, yes. They’re such sweet companions, and often keep me company. It’s hard to make friends when you’re not sure if they care about you….or your status,” Allura said sadly, laying their bags on the bed. “Often the latter has been true.”

“Oh….” said Katie, unsure of how to respond. “I didn’t even know you were rich until the guys told me…..but I really like hanging out with you. You’re very nice.”

Allura smiled. “Thank you. Now come on, we’ve got half an hour, and so much to do.”

It was bizarre. At the end, Katie reasoned that this was what it must be like to have girl friends, and if she was being honest, it wasn’t too bad, but it was too much hassle to be a continuous occurrence. First Allura gave her the dress and told her to put it on in the bathroom. After marveling at the elaborate restroom, Katie slipped on the gown, amused to find that it was pretty snug around her torso. When she pointed this out to Allura, the woman laughed and said that it was supposed to be that way. Katie, who’d never worn anything so form-fitting, felt that is was a little uncomfortable, especially after Allura zipped her up, but she got used to it. Besides, the skirt was flowy enough to spread out when she twirled, her hair brushing her shoulders.

“You’re hair’s very soft, Katie,” said Allura as she brushed it. “Although it’s shorter than the first time I saw it….”

“Oh….I spilled some chemicals, and the ends had to be trimmed,” Katie replied sheepishly.

“How on earth did chemicals end