without giving it another thought. He was sure, so completely sure. Niall's eyes snapped open no longer drooping with fatigue. 

 

"What?" He asked incredulously. 

 

"I said I l-love you," Zayn replied now a little worried that he may have said it too soon. His worries were quickly erased when Niall lunged forward, kissing him intensely.

 

When Niall pulled back he said with a face splitting grin, "I love you, too."

 

---

 

"I hate you! I hate you!" Niall screamed, on the verge of tears, "Just leave me alone!"

 

Niall's words cut deep. How could he hate Zayn? What did he do? And Zayn still couldn't figure out why Niall had been sulking all day which was the very reason why Zayn had been pestering him enough to lead to this fight. 

 

"I just want to help." Zayn said, his voice sounding strikingly weak after Niall's outburst. 

 

"Well you can't so leave already!"  Niall actually attempted to shove Zayn towards the door this time but Zayn stood his ground. 

 

"Baby, please just tell me what's wrong."

 

"Don't 'baby' me. Ugh I hate you so much! Leave me alone!"

 

"Niall..."

 

"Zayn," Niall's voice cracked. His tears were dangerously close to falling, "please. Just go."

 

"I can't leave you like this!" He spread his arms and attempted to engulf Niall in a hug but the blond was too fed up. He pushed Zayn hard in the chest forcing him to stumble out of the bedroom door. 

 

"Go!" Niall shouted, slamming the door in Zayn's face. An eery silence fell in the apartment. Zayn felt miserable. Logically he knew that whatever had upset Niall probably had nothing to do with him but he couldn't help feeling guilty for not preventing this devastating event. Niall's harsh words were still rebounding around his head. 'I hate you... I hate you... I hate you.' Zayn wanted to cry because even if he wasn't the reason why Niall was originally upset, he was the reason why Niall was angry. He knew that Niall wanted him to leave but Zayn couldn't bring himself to do that, he couldn't possibly leave with Niall hating him. Zayn ended up sitting against the wall, resting his head against his own shoulder, and falling into an uncomfortable sleep.

 

When Zayn woke up the next morning he found himself covered in a blanket. Zayn smiled, knowing that Niall must have cooled down significantly. Zayn made his way into the kitchen where he found Niall drinking a cup of tea.

 

"Sorry that you slept on the floor, but you could have gone home like I told you to and slept in your own bed." Niall voice was still slightly cold but it didn't hold nearly as much anger as the night before. 

 

"Suppose I also could have just slept on your couch." 

 

"Why didn't you?" Niall narrowed his eyes as if Zayn slept on the cold, hard ground with some sort of hidden motive. 

 

Zayn shrugged, "I wanted to stay as close to you as possible. It didn't feel right leaving and the couch never even crossed my mind." Niall's expression softened a little so Zayn thought that it might be safe to press on. He gently took Niall's hand in his own, "Can you please tell me what I did wrong?"

 

Niall sighed, "You didn't do anything. Well not at first. You weren't the reason why I was upset but you just kept pressing and pressing and I got so frustrated."

 

"I was trying to help. I wanted to know what was wrong so I could help fix the problem."

 

"I know but I didn't want to talk about it. I just wanted to try and forget about it but you kept bringing it back up."

 

"What should I have done?"

 

"You should have held me. Just held me. And waited until I was ready to tell you what was wrong." Zayn understood how this might help Niall but he couldn't imagine staying quiet if Niall was ever as upset as he was the previous day. 

 

"I'll try that. How about now? Are you ready to talk yet?" Niall shook his head, his eyes brimming with tears. Zayn smiled sadly and pulled Niall by his hand into the living room. He sat down on the couch and pulled Niall on to his lap. Niall curled up and Zayn couldn't believe how small he really was. Zayn wrapped one arm around Niall's back and his other hand held his legs. Niall buried his head in the crook of Zayn's neck. Zayn could feel his body shaking and knew that he was silently crying. They sat like that for a while before Zayn couldn't stand the silence any longer. 

 

"Niall baby?" Niall sniffled in response, "Can you please talk to me now?"

 

There was a moment of silence and then Niall said, "