your clothes at the slightest excuse!"

Jim stares defiantly back at him, failing to hide his discomfort. "They tell me that it's selling really well, that it's their top money-maker right now."

"Well I bet it is, with that set of abs on display!" Leonard now looks more closely at the photograph of the box. "Hey, that's not your stomach! I know that you're a good-looking boy Jim but even you aren't ripped like that. You used a body double for your own stomach!"

"There's nothing wrong with my stomach," Jim retorts.

"That's not what I said, I just said that this photo isn't it!" And Leonard suddenly pounces, pulling Jim down onto the bed under him and trying to grab his shirt. A rapid struggle follows which Jim should win because he has combat training but he's not willing to use his full strength against his friend and besides Leonard knows where his ticklish spots are.

After a few minutes Leonard is sitting firmly astride Jim's thighs with Jim's shirt pushed up into his armpits and the doctor is crowing with satisfaction as he points at the other man's torso.

"Not exactly rippling waves of muscle, is it Jimmy boy? One too many diplomatic dinners don't you think? One too many sessions of paperwork instead of working out in the gym. Getting soft now that you have an entire security team to fight on your behalf?"

Jim is wriggling indignantly under him as Leonard pokes fingers in various bits of his abdomen. "And look at these, Jim!" Leonard grabs the flesh that sits above Jim's hip bones and squeezes. "Love handles! Aren't you a little young for these? Or do the girls like having something to get a grip on? No more waffles and syrup for you, young man! Fruit and bran all the way after this."

Jim makes a more determined effort to unseat Leonard and the doctor ends up virtually lying on top of him to keep him in place. He is trying to keep Jim's arms pinned with one hand while feeling up his chest with the other. "Not exactly pecs of steel, are they Jim? There's a bit of wobble here, a trace of a man boob perhaps? Although I'm glad to see that you haven't actually had the Starfleet insignia tattooed onto your chest."

With a sudden move Jim manages to flip them over. He rips open Leonard's shirt, which is only half-buttoned anyway, as usual, and points accusingly at his chest. "You have no room to talk Bones. This is hardly a field of toned muscle. There is more than a bit of wobble going on." Jim has both of his large warm hands on Leonard's stomach and he is vibrating them across his skin.

"But I'm not the one who needs a tummy double for his own damned advertisement!" Leonard declares laughing, trying to wriggle away from those agile hands. "I'm not the one who gets his shirt ripped half off on every damned away mission just so that his red-shirts can admire the view. Or are you being paid to do that by the promoters? Increase the sales of Shirtless Kirk on every new planet that you conquer with your winning charm and buffed abs?"

He is now hiccupping with laughter. "Is this Starfleet's new strategy now that the fleet is under strength? We've going to win over the galaxy planet by planet with your abdomen as our prime weapon and your cologne as the natives' reward for good behaviour?"

"Oh very funny Bones. And this from the man who can't keep a shirt done up the moment he is out of uniform. I swear that your buttons undo themselves. The minute you wander into the rec room when you're off duty, every eye goes to your chest. You're worse than a girl for showing off cleavage!"

Leonard looks up at him, his beautiful hazel eyes sparkling with tears of laughter. "Why Jimmy darlin', have you been staring down my shirt front?"

And the only answer for that kind of impertinence is to pin Bones with his hands pushed up above his head. Leonard jerks up hard to try and dislodge him and they both freeze. Jim looks mortified and Leonard briefly wonders whether to be embarrassed. But no sane man could resist the opportunity.

"Oh baby," Leonard declares in a slow deep drawl. "Is that your phaser set to stunning?"

And really, Jim has no choice but to grind down hard in retaliation and Leonard's laughter gets kind of breathy and his head is thrown back exposing that beautiful column of throat and Jim didn't get where he is today without grabbing life's unexpected opportunities. He bites down hard and then sucks and Leonard bucks up and it seems that Jim isn't the only one packing a phaser in his pants.

"Jesus Bones," Jim pants against his neck. "Why did it take us this long to get