Satan the gift of freedom again and bathing forever in his gratitude.

Sam stops, blinking. No, it can't be; this emotions he's feeling are just because he's his vessel. He went down just because he was curious, for research purposes.

He bites his lips, hesitant, and then he kneels down on the dirty pavement, grabbing out his phone to take a photo of Lucifer. The lights illuminates for a second all around the weak figure, but he doesn't wake.

When Sam goes to his room again he feels a hole in his chest. He should really rest.

Instead he takes the blanket from his bed and goes to the dungeons again, covering the Devil with it. Because it's really cold, winter is coming and he's almost human now. He could die like this.

Sam comes back to his room with the intention of sleeping for a week. He tries, but all he does is toss and turn in bed. He can't stop thinking about the fact that they have an ancient divine creature chained up in their bunker and are treating him like shit.

He can't associate the image of that man, that human with the one of the Evil incarnate, as everyone describe him.

He gives up around four in the morning and goes to the library, printing the photo he took of Lucifer and putting it at the head of the first page of the notebook he bought. The lights of the flash had made his pale skin looks even paler, two purple circle under his closed eyes and his mouth red and scratched like fresh, bloody meat. He seems miserable.

Exhaling a breath he didn't know he was taking in, Sam starts writing his notes from the first day to that specific night, adding as many details as he can remember.

Research purposes, he repeats to himself.

 

 

 

 

“The fuck did you do?”

Sam goes still. He places the gun he's cleaning on the table, looking at the small scratches incised on the dark wood. There's no reason to act like he's surprised by this.

“Will you let me explain?”

“You went down there”.

Sam closes his eyes. He knows exactly how this conversation is going to end, because everything revolves around one specific point; Sam must be far from Satan.

Because, as their father used to say, Sam's mind is weak; he could be easily influenced to say the big “Yes”, 'cause he had demon blood in his veins. Maybe he still has, who knows?

That's why Dean forced him to quit hunting, at least for a while, treating him like a wild animal most of the time. Sam can't tolerate it anymore.

He could easily take the gun now and shoot on the floor. He'd love to do it. Just to scare Dean a little. To make him shut the fuck up for one time.

He feels his left hand trembling; the cold metal is just a few centimetres from his fingertips and Sam's going to do it, he really is, just-

The phone rings.

He moves his hand from the table to his legs, rubbing it on the jeans.

Dean shoots him a look, then gets the phone to his ear, moving out of the library. “Cas?” he says, voice still tense.

Sam exhales, resting his head on his open palm. He can still hear the deep voice of his brother mumbling on the phone. It's all so frustrating.

“I knew this would happen, I fucking knew it” Dean is hissing now. “When are you going to come back?”

Sam can almost hear Castiel's voice answering “but I've only been gone two days”, but Sam knows what he would really want to say is “two days and you're already complaining?”

Dean is pacing the hall, a hand on his eyes. “You know, Garth called me, asking if I could go hunt a possible Rougarou in Arkansas and I was fucking thinking about it” he doesn't like the way his voice resounds in the silence of the bunker, so he heads for his room. Fuck Sam. “But how can I trust to leave Sam alone now?”

“I understand” Cass answers. Dean can hear the roar of the car his friend's driving. “I wouldn't leave him alone with Lucifer in any case. Sam is his vessel and he's naturally attracted to his Grace”.

Dean makes a deviation and enters the kitchen, opening the fridge. “Yeah? I don't remember having all this affection for Michael”. He grabs a cold beer, loving the sensation on his warm skin.

“Because Michael hated you”.

Dean opens it, taking a sip and closing the fridge with his foot. “So you're saying Satan loves Sam”.

“Yes, because he's not fully conscious. Things may change later”.

He shuts the door of his room and throws himself on the bed, spitting a bit of beer on