mead and wax down and Conrad supervised.

Salsipuede was a medium-sized town large enough to have a few small shops and an inn and a tavern, but lacked the sparkle of cities closer to the capital. It had more of a dusty, border town feel to it. Yozak was immensely disappointed by the lack of jewelry shops and discos in town.

Still, Salsipuede was large and populated enough that Conrad decided to travel incognito for the time being. Or in other words, he wore his brown Shin Makoku military uniform.

Their first stop was to drop the wax off at a candle-maker's. Much to Yozak's delight, the store owner also sold cosmetics, most of which were beeswax based, and offered him a discount.

"You already have make-up," Conrad said. "Why do you need more?"

"These are colors and shades I don't have yet," Yozak explained while stacking 10 containers of eye shadow, 5 sticks of lipstick, and some mascara. "I need to stock up too. What if I run out?" Yozak asked while adding several more containers of make-up to his stack.

Conrad grumbled something that sounded like "Don't take too long," and went outside to wait.

"I've never used purple lipstick before," Yozak said while examining one of his many purchases while he exited the store.

"You can do that later," Conrad said as he shoved one of the barrels of mead into Yozak's arms.

Yozak sighed. One of the few disadvantages of having enormous muscles was that everyone always wanted you to carry things around for them. Did Conrad ever stop and think that maybe Yozak wanted to keep his hands free to fix his hair or arrange his purse? No. It was always Yozak, carry this big heavy thing for me since you have giant biceps, all the time.

Next they went to the only inn to drop off the mead. A cheer went up as Conrad and Yozak entered the building. Apparently Iridina didn't make very many deliveries.

The inn keeper was so pleased to have a fresh delivery of mead that he offered to give Conrad and Yozak meal discounts and a discount on their stay at the inn as well.


~o~


Conrad started his meal of stuffed quail and wild rice, and noticed that Yozak was missing. What could Yozak be up too? Maybe he was trying on his new make-up. Still, he doubted that Yozak would miss a meal just to paint himself up.

Come to think of it, Yozak had gone missing in Xursa as well. Could Yozak in fact be up to something? Whenever the Vedalia Beetle had tried planning something behind Butterflyman's back it had never ended well. Yozak would learn his lesson eventually. Either that of he could leave him behind in Dai Shimaron along with Adelbert. Maybe it had been too long since Yozak had been thrown off a cliff? Yes that whad to be it. Yozak needed to be thrown off something at the earliest opportunity.

Some men at a nearby table began discussing the Blue Wind. Conrad half-listened as he continued his meal. One of the men objected to the claim that the Blue Wind could leap from building to building. "He leaps across buildings? That part gotta be a hoax. Maybe he's got ladders or something."

"Well, all I know is he can conjure up demon followers at will," the other man said while slamming his drink down on the table. "They say it's because he's half-demon."

"I thought he was an heir to the throne of Dai Shimaron," the first man argued. "How can a demon be an heir to the throne?"

Conrad ordered another glass of mead.


~o~


Yozak sat down heavily in his chair and made the legs squeak against the floor. Much to his disappointment, Conrad didn't even glance up. Yozak started his dinner. "It's cold," he complained.

"Serves you right," said Conrad.

Messenger pigeons were a useful form of communication, but trying to get one out of a tree hadn't been fun. Yozak ate a few more sporkfuls of his meal. "Oh, by the way I got a letter from Gwendal," he said.

Conrad glanced up but didn't say anything.

"He mentioned something about King Saralegui being around. "Here's the letter." Yozak said as he slipped it over to Conrad. He was disappointed that Conrad didn't react to the news that Yozak had been conversing with Gwendel behind his back. Sometimes a little drama was fun. And Yozak enjoyed being the center of attention.

Conrad skimed over the letter. Yozak knew that most of it was Gwendel's boring commentary on current events, their progress, and the fact that Saralegui appeared to be up to no good, even more so than usual.

Wolfram had left a postscript, which of course did not mean that he missed Conrad at all; he was merely doing his royal duty. Wolfram's note mentioned that he never thought his brother would be so selfish