a drag off my cigarette and looked back at him.  “Are you going to tell me what this new job you have is?”  He’d gotten it one week ago and hadn’t said a word about it.  Despite myself, I was curious.

“No,” he said, shook his head and tapped his nose.  “It’s confidential information.”

I nodded and took a long drag off of my cigarette.

“You never said why you didn’t try to find the others.  Why me, Quatre?” he asked after another moment of silence.  “Did you figure whatever you were would look good in comparison?”

I gave a short laugh at that and had a bit of a coughing fit.  When I got myself under control again I answered him.  “I didn’t feel like trying to find Heero.  It would have been too much of a headache.  And Wu Fei is easy to get to, but I didn’t want to see him like this.  You know how he is.”  

Duo nodded like he expected me to continue, but I didn’t.

“Trowa?” he asked after a minute.  

“I made some mistakes, and we grew apart.”

Duo downed the rest of his beer.

“Whatever happened to you?” I asked.  This was the most he’d talked to me since I got there, I figured I should try and keep the conversation going.  “I haven’t seen you in eight years, what happened to Hilde?”  I only had a vague memory of that girl, but she was  loyal to Duo.

It was his turn to laugh.  It was cold and empty, like space.  “Some times people just want more than you can give them.”

He didn’t want to talk about it.  I could respect that.  “Do you ever miss the war?”  I asked as I shrugged off my coat and pulled my knees up to my chest.

“No,” he said and his eyes wandered back into the past.  “That was hell.”  

He got that haunted look in his eyes, and I knew what he was thinking about.  It was the time he got captured by Oz.  He never told us what happened to him, and we never asked.  Somethings are better left buried.  All we knew was that Heero rescued him, and he was in very bad shape.

“Have you seen any of them recently,” I asked to change the subject.

“No. Shinigami works better alone.”

I almost forgot he called himself that.  Shinigami, the God of Death.  “In the last war you didn’t want to kill anybody.  What changed?”

He shook his head and laughed again.  Cold and empty.  “And you didn’t even want to touch alcohol, Quatre.  What changed there?”

It was a mean thing to say, I suppose.  But he was right, so I just pulled out another cigarette and waited for him to answer.

“Youthful idealism is what made me not want to kill,” he said and took a deep breath like he was preparing to give a speech.  “It’s what made me fight in both wars.  The idea that we could bring about peace for mankind.  What a joke.”

“But there haven’t been anymore wars since,” I reminded him and took a drag.

“Not on that scale.  But there are smaller street wars between gangs and factions.  There is still murder and rape and all kinds of violence.  And we can’t do anything to change that.  We thought we could save the world, Quatre.  We were wrong.  No one can save the world.  Look at us now, we can’t even save ourselves,” he said and looked at me.  

I knew why, and I couldn’t tell if it was out of disgust or concern.  They all just meshed together now.

I took another drag off of my cigarette.  “Look how far we’ve fallen,” I said and gave him a weak and wasted smile.  It was the only one I could manage.

“We fell along time ago, Quatre, when we fell to earth.  I don’t think we should’ve lived this long.  We should’ve died in the war,” he said calmly and looked at his hands.

“You sound just like Heero,” I said and laughed.

He looked at me sharply and shook his head.  “That’s not funny,” he said and walked into his bedroom and shut the door.

It wasn’t funny, but I kept laughing.

* * *

Those days with Duo Maxwell seemed to pass like we were underwater.  Slow and silent.  But I didn’t really mind.  It was nice to finally relax and not be expected to tell people about my feelings, like I was under a microscope.  That’s what I was at home, a bug under a microscope.  Everyone was watching to see if I would screw up again.  Part of me, the irrational part that I keep under very good wraps, wanted to screw up just to show them nobody