likely be doing in a little while. They'd been dating for a couple months now and had done stuff, but had never gotten to this point before. One of them was always too nervous or just not ready yet. But Ymir decided she was definitely ready today as long as Krista was.

The atmosphere in the car was a little awkward and Ymir was glad it was only a five minute trip. As she pulled into the large driveway, she saw Krista look up and meet Ymir's glance. Both were blushing, but each smiled at each other and got a little less nervous. They walked into the large house and Krista politely asked if Ymir wanted anything to eat or drink.

"No thanks, I was planning on eating soon anyways," Ymir teased. Krista looked down to try to hide her grin, but Ymir caught it. They headed to Krista's bedroom and once they reached the bedroom they both paused outside the door. Ymir wrapped her arms around Krista from behind and placed a kiss on the top of the head.

"We don't have to do anything you don't want to," she murmured. Krista stood still for a moment, then reached out and opened the door. As soon as the door was flung open, Krista turned around and pulled Ymir down into a kiss. It started out open-mouthed and hungry. Ymir groaned in surprise when Krista bit down softly on her bottom lip and sucked on it. The two made their way to the bed quickly and in no time Ymir was straddling Krista's waist. They pulled back from their kiss for a moment to look at each other.

"Are you sure?" Ymir asked huskily and out of breath.

"Yeah. Are you?" Krista replied. Ymir nodded and gave a little smile. Krista's heart fluttered every time Ymir actually smiled and didn't just smirk. She pulled Ymir by the collar down to lock lips again. For a couple of moments they just enjoyed the feeling of each other's mouths. Ymir moved down to Krista's neck and started planting soft kisses down until her collarbone. She had to be careful not to leave hickeys where they could be seen since Krista's parents didn't exactly know she was dating or that their daughter was gay for that matter. She licked along Krista's collarbone, which made Krista's legs clench together and squirm slightly. The friction made Ymir even more turned on and she decided it was time for the shirts to go.

She leaned back from Krista into a sitting position and quickly lifted her shirt off. After tossing it to the side of the bed, she looked back to see Krista staring at her chest. Ymir wasn't very confident of her breasts since she was fairly flat-chested and Krista was much more blessed. To distract her girlfriend from staring any longer, she pulled at the bottom of the shirt beneath her and lifted it up over Krista's head. When she had settled back into the bed Ymir found herself staring as well and thanking whatever god might be out there. Krista's breasts were pretty large, especially when compared with her own and her stomach was toned but still had a little chub which Ymir found adorable.

Remembering the task at hand, Ymir moved back to Krista's collarbone and started sucking at a spot. Her teeth grazed over the spot and she soothed it with an open mouthed kiss. She looked up at Krista's flushed face and moved in to kiss her jawline. Both girls breath was coming out shakily and Krista was more than ready when Ymir brought her hands around to unclip her bra. It joined the other clothes on the floor and was soon followed by Ymir's own bra. Without taking a break to look at each other this time, Ymir quickly moved in and took a nipple in her mouth. One of her hands reached up to grab and grope the other one.

Beneath her Krista let out a breathy moan as Ymir lapped at her breast, then switched to sucking and tracing. She could feel Krista's hands on her back scratching her lightly. Krista let out an even louder moan when Ymir sucked hard on one breast and pinched the nipple of the other. Ymir started to feel the need to rub against something, so she tried rocking her hips slightly against Krista's. The girl beneath her responded by rocking her hips even harder. Ymir could feel herself wetter than she'd ever been and was sure Krista was feeling about the same.

"Ymir. Lower... please," Krista panted. Ymir detached her mouth from the breast and slowly licked and kissed her way down Krista's stomach. Hands played with the hemline of her pants and then moved to trace circles on her hips. Krista's hips bucked impatiently and Ymir obliged. Luckily Krista had worn shorts that day, so they were off in no time. Ymir ran her hands up and down Krista's bare thighs, enjoying the view of her only in her panties. She felt hands tug at her pants.

"You too," Krista said. Ymir undid her jeans and