away.  “You're lucky no one's caught you talking like this.  Slider would have your head for thinking of running off with his merch, especially after he's been so good to the both of us.”



Lorne just scoffed in response.   “I'm not afraid of Slider.  Who put him in charge, anyway?  I could take over this whole damn gang if I wanted to.”



“So do it!”  Ashe threw her arms up impatiently.  “If you're so big and tough, why haven't you done it yet?”



“Because I don't WANT to be a bandit anymore!”  He reached for Ashe again, taking her hands as he sank to his knees.  “Please, Ashe, I am literally begging you.  This gang is only holding us back.  We can be so much more, just the two of us.”



Ashe watched him with a weary expression on her face.  “Babe.  I love you, but I'm sick of this discussion.  I tell you the same thing every time - it's not happening, and that's the end of it.”  She pulled away and waved him off.  “Now get dressed.  We don't wanna miss rendezvous.”



As she stepped away to finish getting dressed, Lorne sank back onto his heels.  How could Ashe say that she loved him while brushing him off so easily?  How could she choose this crappy way of life over him?  Lorne's chest tightened in frustration, but on the outside, he forced himself back up on his feet with a smile.  He couldn't let that anger show.  At least, not before they completed their assignment.



They both finished getting ready and briefly reported to Slider before heading out on their mission.  This was always an easy job, no matter how much the military tried to defend against these attacks.  Lorne and Ashe never left any survivors to report what had happened, so it was their investigators’ best guess as to what caused the exploded vehicles and, occasionally, scorched bodies.  They tried several different defenses, from changing up their travel routine to equipping guards with EMPs.  Lorne's favorite attempt was when they thought basic fire extinguishers would help.  But they never seemed to suspect that an enhanced human might have been involved with these assaults.



The pair of bandits walked along the side of an old highway, waiting for the caravan to come their way.  Lorne's hands were shoved in his pockets as he absently kicked rocks out if his path.  There wasn't anything else in the scenery worth holding his attention.  Roads were cracked and crumbling, with weeds growing through the asphalt.  Most other foliage was dying or already dead, and they were far enough from any major city that there weren’t even any old building ruins in the area.



“You're quiet today,” Ashe commented after they had gone several minutes in silence.



“What's there to say?”  Lorne shrugged.  “We've done this millions of times.  There's nothing to discuss.  We go in, do our usual thing, and get out.”



“Someone forgot to pull the plug out of his ass this morning.”



“Piss off.”



Ashe only laughed at Lorne's obviously bad mood.  “Seriously, babe, calm down.”  She maneuvered in front of him, blocking his path.  “It's a joke.  You know I love you.”



“Yeah.  I know exactly how much you love me,” Lorne said with a little smirk as he allowed her to lean in for a quick kiss.



“We should run into the caravan any minute now.  I know how a good explosion always cheers you up, so come on.  Let’s keep moving.”



Without another word, Ashe hooked her arm through Lorne's and eagerly urged him along.  They continued for a few more minutes until they finally heard the rumbling of vehicles in the distance.  As the convoy approached, the vehicles came to a halt - three gunners, and the armored cargo van.



“Halt!”  The man in the lead turret called out to Lorne and Ashe.  “State your business!”



“Oh, thank heavens!”  Ashe cried out to the soldiers in fake desperation.  “We’re traveling merchants.  Our caravan was taken by bandits!  We’re so grateful you--”



Her words were cut short as one of the vehicles suddenly combusted.  The soldiers paused in a moment of panic, unsure what happened, until the leader suddenly cried out, “They’re enhanced!  Open fire!”



Ashe turned to Lorne, wide-eyed and angry.  Before she could berate him, he spoke up for himself, “The ‘desperate traveler’ bit is so old.  Let’s just be done with this.”



There was no time to argue.  What’s done was done, and Lorne and Ashe had no choice but to defend themselves.  The soldiers were already warming up the turrets on the remaining two vehicles, and even more men filed out from the cargo truck, armed with automatic rifles.



Just for fun, Lorne started off