steps towards the small table near the bed and picks up his wallet, pulling out a couple bills. "Here," He hands Joe the money. "Tell him sorry for the trouble."

Joe takes the money warily and nods, looking at Zayn still confused but walks away to do as asked. Zayn closes the door immediately after Joe heads off down the hall in the opposite direction.

"How much money now have you wasted?" She asks, not looking at him but at her nails instead, acting uninterested and bored. He scoffs, and begins making his way back towards her, too happy to be a menace.

She sits up all the way, and holds her hand out, preventing him from laying back down. "Uh uh, nope. Shave." She commands, pointing towards the bathroom. Zayn leans his head back and groans. "Don't make me!" he shouts like a child.

She stands, and sets her hands on his bare chest (save for the tattoos covering it), and pushes him back, guiding him forcefully towards the bathroom. He makes it easier and starts walking back as well. Might as well not fight it, he thinks.

"Can you do it?" He asks, laziness in his voice, and his eyes sweet and begging. She scoffs, "Fine, but only because you've asked so nicely." She complies, leaning into him and kissing him on the jaw.

She grabs a razor from the edge of the sink, and lets the water run over it, and she jumps up on the counter, pulling Zayn into her, and wrapping her legs around him.

He sets his hands on her hips and watches her fondly. She reaches across the counter, tipping slightly, and grabbing his shaving gel that smells like, well, like man, basically.

She sprays it on her hands and watches the foam pile get bigger the longer she holds it down. Once the size is reasonable she sets the can back down and splatters the foam against Zayn's face with a light smack. 

They both laugh as the gel drips. She rubs it over all of his stubble/beard (it's a little too thick to be called stubble). She turns around and grabs his razor from the sink, and plugs the sink up, letting the water fill it before shutting it off.

"Don't cut me with that." He mumbles, nodding towards the razor. She scoffs, and grabs his face with one hand while positioning the razor with the other. "Me? Never." She says, an innocent look in her eyes, but a mischievous grin playing on her lips.

She lifts his chin up, deciding to start with the awful neck-beard that was beginning to grow under there. She runs the razor from the bottom of it, up to the underneath of his chin. 

She turns back and washes off the razor efficiently. She repeats this until everything underneath there is gone. She keeps his chin pointed upwards, and kisses at his throat a couple times before pulling his head back down.

Zayn's grip on her hips tighten. "There, no more neck beard." She informs him with a happy smile. He rolls his eyes, "Whatever, lets just keep this going." "Okay pissypants." She says, starting up again.

The routine continues, she starts from the left side and finishes at the right, kissing each little spot after she finishes, and before she can wash off the leftover gel, and rub some aftershave on him, he's kissing her.

He pulls her impossibly closer against him, and licks into her mouth. Their tongues meet in a hot, wet embrace, neither of them wanting to be apart.

~

Zayn watches Eleanor make her way back towards him with four shots in her hands, and a lime in her mouth. He smiles at her, and pulls her seat back out for her. She sets all of the drinks down, and he pulls the lime out of her mouth successfully.

"Thanks." She says, laughing. They're both already very very tipsy, but Eleanor remembered how Zayn had said there was a bar downstairs and they both had run out of alcohol, so.

Zayn watched her sit back down, and he smiled as she tangled her legs back up in his underneath the table. Zayn grabs one of his shots, and Eleanor grabs hers, the two of them looking at each other in anticipation. "One, Two...Three!" Eleanor shouts, both of them delving into their shot immediately after. 

Eleanor scrunches her face up and grabs the lime out of Zayn's other hand, forgetting she already had her own lying next to her on the table. Zayn reached out for hers with a hardy laugh.

They finish and laugh at each other happily, both of them just enjoying being in the others company. She runs her ankle against Zayn's calf, and smiles at him. "I love you." He tells her, reaching out for her hand. 

She takes his hand in return, "I love you as well. And, thank