interest on his part whatsoever. "I thoroughly enjoyed the practical exercises on deconstructing various potions to base elements. And I do like brewing, I know I could be better at it. But I haven't actually narrowed down any particular aspects I'd like to study – it seems that I don't yet know enough of the entire breadth of the field in order to make that judgement."

"I suppose you've looked into the Alchemical Guild?"

"Er, well I know that it's the official organization for anyone in pure research, but I actually haven't come across much reference to it, outside of the Acknowledgements columns…" She trailed off when she saw the professor roll his eyes.

"Heaven preserve us from the know-it-alls. Miss Granger, you will be much improved as a human being if you learn the value of brevity. A simple, "No, sir, I'm not" would have sufficed admirably."

Her cheeks flaming, she looked away.

"The Guild is an exclusive multinational academic organization. "Official" doesn't go quite far enough. They're probably the single most powerful organization within academia, and certainly they have a legal reach here. Like all worthless bureaucratic institutes, the Ministry finds day-to-day matters of mere administration challenging. As such, they've been content to leave the academics to their own devices, and the governance of their activities to the historical regulations of the guilds. A consequence of this autonomy from Ministerial regulation is that British members of the Alchemical Guild form their own governing body, unanswerable in the majority of their practises to anyone else."

"So, er, that means that… well, what, exactly?" She felt very stupid, as if her mind had abruptly fallen asleep, rather like her left leg had.

"It means, Miss Granger, that in the United Kingdom, only members of the Guild are permitted to engage in research and experimentation. It is illegal, here, to do so without the explicit Guild sanction granted by membership. To gain admission, you present a formal petition: a unified portfolio of experimental or theoretical work in the field."

"But if only members are allowed to do research, how would I do that?"

He sank back in his chair, a scowl of impatience growing across his features. "You either emigrate to a country with less red tape, or you work under the guidance and supervision of a member; an apprenticeship, either of a formal or informal nature."

She opened her mouth to begin her next query, but he cut her off with an imperious wave of his hand. "Unlike you, some of us have things to accomplish this evening. If you are set upon this goal, I can present you as an apprenticeship candidate along with Mr. Malfoy at the December meeting."

She couldn't help it, she positively beamed at him. "Thank you, sir, this means so much to me! Thank you so very much, I really-"

"Miss Granger. The door is over there. Utilize it, please."

She nodded, and hefted her bag to her shoulder. As she grasped the cool handle, he spoke again. "You oughtn't to be so effusive in your gratitude. I don't think you'll particularly enjoy yourself. And given the conditions of your probation, if you ask my opinion, you're likely better off breeding Potters or Weasleys."

Hermione thumped her bag down on the broad oak library table, and settled into the hard-backed wooden chair with an angry huff. Her eyes were stinging with unshed tears of frustration, but she'd refused herself the refuge of Myrtle's toilet. No, she'd done enough wallowing for one day; it was time to get something accomplished. To hell with Snape; she'd been stupid to think he might actually see something of value in her. No one else did, after all. Know-it-all, Mudblood, nag, frigid bitch, pedestrian and uninspired. Why did those last two hurt the worst? Relative freshness? Or accuracy?

She withdrew the Transfiguration text from her bag and let it fall on the table with a satisfying clunk. She was searching for a quill when a cool, nasal voice intruded upon her self-absorption.

"Really, Granger. Must you be so loud? People are trying to work here, you know."

She turned, eyes narrowed. Malfoy had leaned out of the shadows, where he was curled in a basket chair, scrolls littering the floor around him. "What are you doing here, Malfoy?" She twisted his name into a snarl.

He arched a pale eyebrow in response, and sat up straight in the chair. "It's a public space, Granger, but if you must know, I'm plotting my ascendance as the next evil overlord. That's what you wanted to hear, isn't it?"

She felt her cheeks flaming. "I never – I didn't mean – Forget it, sorry."

He was standing