the day, heads tipped back and eyes closed, taking advantage of an unoccupied outlet to charge their phones, Dean’s feet were pulsing inside his boots.

“Fuck!” Dean sighed, lifting his hands to roll his wrists and wiggle his stiff fingers struggling to ease the ache from overuse.

“Eloquent,” Charlie snorted.

“Good as it gets, my queen,” Dean parroted back tilting his head forward in a pathetic attempt at a sarcastic bow.  Since all it accomplished was a stabbing pain in his neck, Dean snapped his head back, bumping it back against the wall with an audible thump.

“Quit whacking your head!” Charlie admonished with a solid punch to Dean’s arm.  “We need that brain cell.  Now, it’s decision time.  Which of your phenom photos am I posting on the blog tomorrow?  Personally…” Charlie leaned in to whisper, “…I’m a fan of the pretty blonde in the silvery white fairy outfit.”

“Color me surprised,” Dean laughed.  “Did you get her phone number?”

“Is Ron Weasley a redhead?  Charlie flipped her royal copper curls over her shoulder and looked at Dean like he’d just asked the world’s stupidest question.  “Now seriously.  Which one?”

“Her Royal Highness, Queen of Moondor.”
|
“What?” Charlie replied, beginning to get visibly frustrated.

Dean couldn’t help but laugh at Charlie’s irritation and misinterpretation.  “That’s the photograph I want on the blog, you dork.  The ever charming, always beautiful, continual-pain-in-my-ass-Charlie Bradbury, as the Queen.”  Dean looked over at Charlie who had yet to utter a word; in fact, she’d yet to close her mouth.  “You know you’re gonna start catching flies right?”

Charlie’s mouth closed with a pop, but her eyes were wide as saucers.  Dean tried to remember if he’d ever known Charlie to be speechless.  As he watched the pressure build, Dean knew an explosion was coming, but he still wasn’t wholly prepared for the animalistic squeal and tackle hug from his best friend.  Charlie managed to whip her long velvet robe out of the way well enough launch herself at him and wrap herself around him like an octopus, so much so that Dean was sure she’d somehow procured an extra limb or two.  “Really?” she managed to squeak in his ear without strangling him.

“Yes, really,” he said, as he attempted to pry Charlie’s surprisingly strong arms from around his neck.  “Not only is your cosplay amazing, but you can write up a great little blurb about why you do it – encourage all the chick-nerds of the world, or something.”

“Oh, how gracious of you, Dean,” Charlie said with an arched eyebrow, and Dean couldn’t tell if he’d inadvertently offended her or not.  “You know what I mean, Red,” he back-peddled, just in case.

Charlie gently nudged him with her shoulder and smiled, and he knew he’d been forgiven.  “Thanks,” she whispered before pecking him on the cheek.  A moment of protectiveness rushed over him and he couldn’t help but cradle her head in his much larger hand and pull her close for a few seconds – just long enough to settle his heart and let Charlie feel how much he cared.  He ruffled her hair as he let go.  “You’re welcome, Bradbury.  Now, I better get my ass in gear.  Got a plane to catch.”  Dean unplugged his cord from the outlet and powered up his phone.  He’d barely looked at it since that morning and wasn’t surprised to see a list of text messages scroll across the screen after the apple logo faded.  As he scrolled through them, he noticed that none were from Cas.

“That’s weird,” he mumbled, thumbing quickly through the list.

Charlie stood beside him, brushing the dust from her precious outfit and reaching down to gather her own things.  “What is?”

“Cas hasn’t texted me once.  There’s a bunch of messages from Sam, a couple from Eileen, the one from you from earlier, a missed call from a client, but nothing at all from Cas.”

“Did he know you were coming to Vegas?”

“Yeah, of course,” Dean said, shrugging his shoulders.  I mean, he was going to his parent’s place yesterday and I know it was gonna be rough on him, but I texted him and let him know I’d be here in case he wanted to talk or anything.”

Charlie rested her tiny hand on Dean’s arm, and what it lacked in size, it made up for in comfort.  “Maybe he didn’t feel up to talking.”

“Maybe,” Dean mused, knowing it was more likely Cas just didn’t want to be a bother to Dean while he was working.  Damn.  Dean pulled up Cas’ contact information and shot off a quick text to check in.  Hopefully