crystal Sendak had used when the castle ship was hijacked, though much smaller, and clearly damaged.

The Galra rooted around in the desk drawer some more and retrieved a new crystal, but this one was a vibrant blue.

Tired of both the silence and feeling clueless, Shiro asked, “Why doesn’t that one look like other Galra crystals I’ve seen?” The stranger didn’t answer. “Are you some kind of engineer or mechanic? Why are you helping me?”

The stranger set the crystal down with a put-upon sigh. “I ought to just knock you unconscious again. It would be less annoying.” He drummed his fingers for a moment. “I’ve heard rumors you remember very little of your year with the empire. Is that true?”

“If I answer your question, will you answer mine?”

“You don’t need to answer mine,” the Galra retorted. “It’s pretty obvious you have no idea who I am.”

A panel on the wall beeped, but the screen next to it remained dark. The Galra soldier help a finger up to his helmet visor, warning Shiro to remain silent.

“Speak,” he addressed the panel sharply.

“Are you aware your video feed has been disabled, sir?”

“I’m the one who disabled it. What do you want?”

“Central Command is insistent that you report to Haggar as soon as possible.”

“That witch does not command me. I will make my way there at my convenience. Vrepit sa.”

“Vrepit sa!”

As the room fell silent again, Shiro asked, “Who are you?”

“I’m certain we’ll be formally reintroduced soon enough. Now, I need to finish up here before that hag sends one of her druids to escort me.”

Shiro started to ask another question, and the Galra sighed again. Shiro could imagine him rolling his eyes behind the dark visor. “Sit still. I’ll talk and work at the same time.”

He began to carefully install the new power crystal. “This crystal is in raw, unaltered form,” he explained. “All crystals in use by the Galra Empire are magically enhanced with additional quintessence. Dark magic, however, corrupts the structure, altering the appearance. While technically compatible with both Galra and Altean technologies, a big enough surge of Altean power will destroy a small Galra crystal like that one. I expect using the Black Bayard shorted out your arm.”

“How did you know about-”

“Voltron is an obsession of Emperor Zarkon,” the Galra cut Shiro off mid-question. “I have researched the legends extensively myself. You formed the Blazing Sword in battle, and that can only be done with the Black Bayard. I saw it over the vid feeds when the hub’s power came back online.” He paused for a moment.

“I became...concerned when the Black Lion appeared to be drifting unguided. I initially intended only to check if you were alive, but when I saw the state of your arm...”

“Why do you even care?” Shiro wondered aloud.

“Why am I fixing the arm? Two reasons. Firstly, I have a great deal of respect for the Champion I knew. Leaving such a clear disadvantage in place does not sit well with me. Secondly, the uncorrupted crystal will make using your arm as a universal access point to our systems more difficult, so it all evens out.

“I am officially neither an engineer nor a mechanic, but a complete lack of companionship throughout my childhood and adolescence left me a great deal of time for study and physical training. We have no time for further questions.” The stranger snapped the access door to the arm closed again.

Shiro had felt the arm come back online only moments before. “You’re right,” he agreed, making a fist a few times and rotating the forearm as though simply testing the performance. “I have places to be.”

Shiro lunged forward out of his chair, dragging the Galra soldier to the floor. He held his charged hand to the stranger’s throat as he knelt over him, absently noting the hand now glowed blue.

The Galra chuckled and clicked his tongue. “How ungrateful.” 

He knocked Shiro’s hand aside, completely ignoring the burn it left as it grazed his neck. He sat up suddenly, knocking his helmet against Shiro’s, stunning him. While the paladin tried to recover his bearings, the stranger flipped them over and pinned Shiro to the ground with a knee in his lower back, the recently repaired arm twisted backward in an armlock.

“Behave,” the Galra taunted, “or I’ll reconsider returning you to your friends.”

Shiro was speechless for a moment. “You’re going to take me back?”

“A win because the other side forfeits is a hollow victory,” the Galra explained as he dragged Shiro roughly to his feet. “When I win, people will talk anyway, but they’ll have no proof for claims that Voltron only lost because they were short a paladin, or that most of the work was already done by