river he knew well; you couldn’t live in this city without seeing it a lot, since it wound right through the middle of downtown.  Usually it was overly polluted looking, in a sad, gray state from being surrounded by industry and smog.  He didn’t like it, he never had; it was just another thing in the list of the depressing things in his life.

But looking at it now, he’d be lying to say that it didn’t look beautiful.  In the black of the night, the usual slate color of the water was hidden beneath layers of shiny darkness, letting the night lights of the city dance across its surface like a scattered colony of tiny fireflies floating about.  The night sky was clear, unbroken by clouds, and the moon shone full overhead, casting its silver glow on everything it touched.  Even with the city lights all around, somehow the stars speckled across the sky could still be slightly seen.  The whole river was silent, void of people save the two who stood on its bank, gazing out at the untouched splendor of the moment.

“What do you think, Lovi?”  Antonio asked, turning to the other man with an expectant look on his face.

The moment broken, Lovino’s face turned back to the scowl he usually wore.  “I-it’s fine, I guess,” he harrumphed.  Like heck he could say what he really thought.  He’d look like a freakin’ pansy!

Antonio gestured toward a nearby bench as he chuckled.  “Well, shall we sit down?”

“Fine, I guess.  I’m setting this stupid package down, already.”  Now that there was no risk of anyone running into him, he didn’t have to keep holding it so protectively.  He collapsed onto the bench, tired from standing for so long.  Antonio sat next to him, his face full of smiles.

For a while, they just talked to each other.  Not about anything very serious, just about life, and general “let’s catch up” types of things.  Though the two of them had always made sure to keep in touch by texting and emailing and the like, they hadn’t actually seen each other in almost three weeks.  And for them, who had been nearly inseparable for most of their lives, that was a long time.

Antonio spent some time gushing about the children at his day care job, talking about how cute a picture Lucy had drawn the other day, and how Michael had built a dinosaur from his clay.  But Lovino spoke the most, complaining about his own job as a chef at Italia Café and how the customers were obnoxious, or his brother Feli and how he never seemed to do anything right, or Ludwig the stupid Potato Freak and how was pretty much infuriating in every sort of way.  He even ranted about his boss and how the guy really ought to just give him a raise for having to deal with such idiots every day.

“And you know what’s really annoying?” Lovino growled.  “Every time I go to paint now, I can’t think of anything to make!  Not a single freakin’ thing!  Well…nothing new, anyways,” he added, his faced reddening slightly, though the Spaniard didn’t seem to notice.

“Oh no!  Lovi, that’s horrible!  Your paintings are always so good, too!”

“Shut up, they suck, alright?  Don’t bother sugar-coating it.”

“They don’t suck, Lovi!  I like them!  Ah~, it’s been so long since I’ve seen any of your artwork, though!  We haven’t seen each other in a while!”

That sent the Italian off on another rant.  “That’s other thing that really bugs me, why the heck don’t we see each other anymore?  I mean, it’s not like I’m freakin’ lonely or anything, but geez, you’re never around anymore!  Che, I was almost starting to forget your stupid face, so I had to paint it.  N-not that I wanted to paint you or anything, it’s just I couldn’t think of anything else to paint and it was freakin’ bugging me!  But it was a stupid thing to do, so…here, jerk,” he said, practically throwing his brown paper package into the Spaniard’s lap.  “You take it.  I don’t want it, so you might as well have it.”  He slouched on the bench and refused to look at anything other than his apparently intriguing shoelaces as his face flushed over once again.

That tomato-obsessed freak had better like his gift.  He spent weeks making that thing.

Still smiling, Antonio carefully unwrapped the mysterious package.  As he pulled out the contents, the radiant smile on his lips was slowly replaced by a small “o” as he examined his gift.

It was a painting.  It didn’t have a fancy, expensive frame around it, nor was it a painting from a