’t escape it, this hurt is beyond him. he misses yixing so so much. he doesn’t do much anymore but drink and sleep, at least in his sleep he can pretend everything is okay, that it was what it used to be, but when he’s awake it’s hard to convince himself he’d ever be okay again.

 

is it normal to miss someone this much? to feel like the mere memory of them is enough to reduce you to nothing once more. he truly was nothing now, and he wasn’t sure he cared to fix himself anymore.

//


I was too busy tryna find you with someone else. The one I couldn't stand to be with was myself


 

he stared at the man in front of him, so tall and clumsy and unbelievably bright. baekhyun almost cringed thinking that was how he used to be. the man, chanyeol, was pretty, with large eyes, a nice straight nose, paired with plump lips, he was in a perpetual state of smiling. chanyeol has a dimple on his left cheek, which reminds him of yixing’s (much deeper) dimple on his right cheek. baekhyun suddenly was swarmed with memories of him poking yixing’s dimple, of him kissing his dimple, and it all suddenly became too much. he couldn’t do this, it wasn’t fair to chanyeol.

 

“i’m sorry, i have to go. you were wonderful, i-” baekhyun’s voice cracked, and he hated himself for how easily the tears sprung to his eyes. chanyeol’s face dropped, and baekhyun hated himself even more for the absolute ass he was being, but he couldn’t take it anymore. he felt so terrible for chanyeol, the man deserved better than this, and baekhyun couldn’t give him what chanyeol wanted.

 

“i understand.” chanyeol’s reply came out almost as a whisper, and baekhyun won’t be able to let go of the hurt he can hear in the other man’s voice. 

 

“i’m sorry, i just can’t do this. you’re lovely, and i’m an ass. i’m sorry.” baekhyun apologized profusely as he left the coffee shop, before the walls could close in on him. he couldn’t breathe properly, every breath reminded him of his never ending pain. 

 

how he continued to live with himself is something he can’t, for the life of him, seem to figure out.

//


Pick up your phone, I got a question, oh If I die tonight, would you regret it, whoa?


 

he was drunk again, but then again when is he not drunk anymore? this time he was drinking in the confines of his own apartment, which became too suffocating when he stumbled upon a trinket of yixing’s he forgot to put away and very pathetically had a meltdown over. once his sobbing subsided he opened his alcohol drawer and went for the strongest drink, he needed a blackout kind of night.

 

around two am baekhyun found himself calling yixing’s old number, only to be greeted by the voicemail, but it was still yixing’s voice speaking and he wishes it didn’t hurt so much to just hear yixing’s voice, he hadn’t heard it in so long, too long really.

 

“i miss you, i miss you so fucking much it hurts to breathe without you. why won’t you come back. can you please come back. i’m sick of living without you. so, so tired,” baekhyun’s voice was slurred because of the alcohol, but he was also choking on every word. he gritted his teeth as he felt hot tears stream down his cheeks. “everything is so much harder, i knew it would be hard-i just, didn’t think it would be this hard. when you left you took some part of me with you and now i can’t fix myself, i can’t do it, i can’t-” the voicemail beeped, signaling that he had run out of time.

 

he had run out of time, with yixing. he thought he would have their entire lives, but one day yixing was there and another he was just gone. and it ruined baekhyun.

//


Don't stop your lovin', it's all I have. 'Cause I can't function, no I won't last I swear I'll love you just like the past. 'Cause I know what's pain, this is not the same.


 

the day yixing left was one of the most vivid memories baekhyun had, which was torture in of itself, because it was the worst day in baekhyun’s life. he remembers the rain, it wouldn’t stop raining that entire day, and the bad feeling he had from the moment he woke up just kept growing. something was wrong, but baekhyun couldn’t put his finger on it.

 

they had just left their favorite restaurant, yixing was exhausted as usual so they decided it would