, the English teen was now diving headfirst into a x2 facepalm combo.

 

“Are you actually fucking serious. Of all the things I just said, that's the one you feel warrants comment. Not that I'm enraged to the point of plotting your demise, not that you should probably apologize, but the thought of hypothetical urine in my pants. Were you unconscious when you sorted your priorities or were you just born this fucking stupid?” His anger had been reduced to a weary, oh-god-why-do-I-of-all-people-have-to-deal-with-this-idiocy-please-kill-me-now-and-put-me-out-of-my-misery voice, his face still in his hands and his head shaking slowly, so that was a start! It's a relief that Karkat's calming down. As hilarious as he is angry, John couldn't help the slightest twinge of guilt, which is sort of silly, but hey, this is the boy he has a bit of an enormous crush on, so he can't help loving to see him happy.

 

Okay, though it still is pretty funny when he's mad.

 

“It's an important thing to ask! You might have needed to get a new pair or something. And yeah, it'd be hilarious too.” Karkat glowered at John over his hands. “Don't give me that look! You would've thought the same if our roles were reversed.”

 

“That's different.” Karkat's voice was slightly muffled by his palms.

 

“How?”

 

“In that scenario, you're the one with misfortune instead of me.” Karkat should have sounded like a not-at-all-lovable jerk at that statement, but it was then he removed his hands from his face to throw John that small, lopsided grin of his, and how could John feel anything but adoration for something so precious?

 

“Jeez, don't be such a butt. I'm sorry for scaring you, okay?”

 

“No, you're a butt. And I wasn't scared, I was startled. There's a difference.

 

John rolled his eyes. “Sure, bro, whatever you say.”

 

Karkat grumbled something illegible and lightly punched John in the shoulder. To anyone else, he would've seemed angry, but by now John knew Karkat well enough to read the signs. The boy in front of him, with a scowl in place on principle and eyebrows relaxed rather than drawn, was not mad. He was actually in one of the best moods John had ever seen him in, which was kind of... weird. It was great and all, but still, good moods usually didn't follow John pranking him. Maybe Karkat was just happy about something unrelated? Whatever the case, watching the English boy sink back down in his seat, sideways in order to continue facing John, felt good. It was really, really nice to see Karkat content.

 

Their bro-bonding moment seemed to fade as Karkat's trademark scowl faded into something like confusion, or even worry. Oh, right, Karkat had sat back down, and John was kind of just standing there, staring down at him. The taller boy felt like he should do something, but his only idea at the moment was to kiss the other boy right on the mouth, and now certainly wasn't the time for that.

 

“...John? You okay?” Karkat's voice shook John from his thoughts. It was amazing. All barriers down, a look of concern on his face, totally unguarded and sincere and so, so beautiful, and John's mind was gone again, zeroed in on those full lips that were slightly red from being bitten as they were now. It would be so easy to just lean down and....

 

“John? Hey! What's up with you today?” John had made up his mind. He was going to confess right the heck now. He's doing it man. He's making this happen!

 

“Karkat,” John said, causing the boy he's addressing to jump slightly and eye John warily, “can we talk about something? That's sort of important? Like,” John plunked himself down into the seat in front of Karkat's, turned around to face the pale boy, “right now?”

 

“...I'll probably regret this, but sure.”

 

“Oh. Okay. Um...” John twiddled his thumbs nervously, eyes averted. “I was actually expecting you to go off on some long tirade so I could have time to mentally prepare myself, so I'm kind of on the spot here.”

 

Karkat raised an eyebrow impatiently. “Not my bloody problem. You brought this up, you talk about whatever it is. Or drop it, if you want to, and save it for a later date; you don't have to talk about it right now if you don't feel comfortable.