want to go!"

Conan kept his hand on the door handle. He had obviously locked it beforehand, but a double precaution was always better, knowing that Ran could break the door open if she wanted to. Not that his tiny eight years old body would prevent the latter from happening. But he did not want to get out of the room. Not like this. Hell, it was too embarrassing.

"Come on, Conan-kun. You look adorable in it."

Yes. And that was the problem. Even he thought the costume was adorable. And he hated it.

"Leave me alone!" he chirped, annoyed and ashamed.

Why on earth did the girls choose this costume for him? Fair enough it was Halloween, and they were all supposed to dress up for the night. Especially since the owners of the Marzumi Museum insisted that everyone should wear a costume if they wanted to get in. But come on! This was ridiculous.

"Come on, brat! I'm sure KID-sama will love it!"

Yes. And that was definitely another problem. The major one, if he was being honest. Conan was certain that the Phantom Thief would love the outfit. He could already see him in his head, his smug grin on his face, his mocking voice saying something like "My, my, Tantei-kun, don't you look just adorable tonight. I'm flattered."

No chance. He was NOT going to a KID's heist... in a freaking miniature Kaitou KID's costume!

"Conan-kun..." he heard Ran saying. "You don't have to wear it if you don't want to."

"I don't want to." he replied instantly.

"But it really suits you. I would love to go out with you like this."

"R-Ran-nee-chan..." he whimpered, distressed. Ran was playing the sweet-emotional card with him. He was screwed, he knew it.

"Please, Conan-kun...?" she continued with a small begging voice.

The little boy sighed, knowing full-well he was defeated. He could never refuse Ran when she used that voice.

"...Fine."

Conan slowly opened the door, a depressed and embarrassed look on his face when he saw the huge smiles on the two teenage girls.

"Thank you, Conan-kun!" Ran said with another big smile, hugging him.

"Ok ok. Let's go now! We're gonna be late for KID-sama!"

Conan sighed one last time. Adjusting the fake KID's hat on his small head, before stepping out of the house with Sonoko and Ran. He really couldn't wait for this night to end.

 

----------------------------------

 

If someone had told Kaito that he would one day get to see the small version of Kudou Shinichi in his Kaitou KID's costume, he would have laughed at their face.

However, on this particular night, his laugh got lost in the back of his throat, while he stared with wide eyes to Edogawa Conan in a small white suit with a blue shirt, a red tie, whites gloves, a top hat with a blue ribbon, and a small monocle on his tiny flushed face. 

They were on the rooftop of the Marzumi Museum, after KID just stole the Shinigami's Tear, staring at each other for the past two minutes.

Kaito had obviously spotted a little boy in his KID's replica costume during the heist. Well, more like thirteen of them, actually. It seemed his KID outfit was a popular costume for Halloween.

But never once had he imagined that his little detective would be one of them. He looked so cute in it.

It wasn't fair, was all that Kaito could think of while staring at his eternal rival.

"You're not gonna say anything?"

KID jumped at the voice, not expecting the other one to be the first to talk. He could tell Conan was embarrassed. That makes him even more adorable, dammit!

"My, Tantei-kun, are you fishing for compliments?"

KID smirked when he noticed the other's cheeks turning a nice shade of red.

"B-Baaro..." Conan started, looking at... everything but KID. "As if I'd want a compliment from you."

"Oh? So there's something else you'd want from me?"

Conan flushed again.

Man, this was too easy. It seemed the detective was so embarrassed in his cute little costume that everything KID would say to tease him would work tonight. This was fun, Kaito thought in the back of his mind.

"Should I guess what it is?" he continued, walking slowly towards the small boy.

Noticing KID approaching, Conan put a hand on his wrist, mentally cursing when he realized that he didn't have his watch with him. Ran and Sonoko took all his gadgets away when they dressed him up, saying that it didn't go with the outfit. Damn those girls, he thought bitterly. 

"D-Don't