wrap around me in a fierce hug.  He clings to me silently for a moment, then I’m trying to decipher the words he’s mumbling into my shirt.

“You’ve changed.”

I blink.  Not what I expected, but then I’ve never been able to predict him.  “Aa.  I’m not a soldier anymore.”

“It’s been two years.”  I can’t tell if it’s meant to be a question, but at the reminder of my absence I wince.

“I’m sorry.  I was on special assignment with the Preventers, top secret.  The security was insane, no one was allowed contact with the outside world.  I hacked the system enough to get limited access to the internet, but I couldn’t find you.”

His smile is small but genuine.  “Yeah, I don’t think computers would have helped much.”

“I came straight here afterwards, I’ve been looking for you since.  I’m sorry.”

His arms tighten around me.  “Not your fault.  I’m the one who ran.  I didn’t want anyone to see...”  He’s getting upset again, and I shush him gently.  “I always hoped you’d come.  Stupid, I know, since I was trying to run from everyone.  But you were the only one who never broke my trust, so I kept hoping...”

I turn my head, feeling rare tears sting at my eyes.  I was the only one he’d trusted, and now I, too, had broken faith with him.  It’s hard to speak around the sudden tightening of my throat.  “I’m sorry, Duo, I’m so sorry.”

He raises a hand to my lips, stopping my self-recrimination.  “Heero, you didn’t betray that trust.  You came.  That’s all that matters.”  He turns my face back to him, and the trust and love I see shining in his eyes hurts me, it’s so bright.  I don’t deserve it. 

I hold him close for a minute, then stand, slinging his duffel over my shoulder and cradling him carefully in my arms.  He weighs next to nothing, and I promise myself I’ll get him back to health as quickly as is possible.  He lies calmly in my arms, still trusting, and looks up at me with a smile.

“Let’s get the hell out of here.”

“Aa.”

*****

He falls asleep on the ride to the hotel, which is both unsurprising and advantageous.  He’s had a long day, after all, and I’d really rather not have to explain why I already have a key for a room which I supposedly hadn’t gotten yet.

It’s a difficult trick to manage the door with my arms full of his sleeping form, but nothing the ex-'perfect soldier' can’t handle.  I set him down on the bed and he sprawls bonelessly, somehow graceful even now.  I take off his shoes and socks and pause.  He sleeps in his boxers, or he did last I knew.  After a moment’s hesitation, I decide to at least remove the shirt; it’s a little too small, and it can’t be comfortable.

He stirs on feeling my hands on his chest and I pull away.  Barely-open violet eyes blink sleepily at me, and he mumbles questioningly, something that might be my name.

“I’m undressing you for bed...”  I’m about to ask if it’s okay, but he beats me to it.

“Mm, ‘kay.”  And he’s back asleep.  Unbuttoning his shirt, I still find it hard to believe how much he trusts me.  Given his past, it’s amazing that he’d let anyone undress him, much less that he’d be able to sleep soundly through it.  I promise myself, not for the first time, that I’ll never betray that trust.

I pull his shirt off, and my breath hisses through my teeth at what I see.  Every single rib is starkly evident, his chest sunken, his stomach sickeningly concave, his arms dwindled to mere sticks.  I grit my teeth and carefully remove his pants as well, and the result is much the same; his knees grim knobs of bone in wasted legs, his hipbones showing even through the boxers.  I growl softly to myself.  This is going to change, preferably immediately.  For a moment I even contemplate waking him up to feed him, but one glance at his exhausted face quickly convinces me otherwise.  Settling into bed beside him, I tell myself that the morning will come soon enough.

He must feel my warmth, because no sooner have I pulled up the blanket than I find myself thoroughly clung to.  I put my arms around him, trying to convince myself that he’s still upset and needs the emotional reassurance.  It’s a hard line to buy, though, since he’s currently nuzzling my