what do you want help with.’ Luhan softened sensing the younger’s distress.

Sehun straightened and looked at him.

‘I need to know if I like boys’ He said softly, hugging himself.

Luhan froze. He opened his mouth but nothing came out.

‘You…how long…?’ The elder asked softly.

‘For a while. I mean…we’re all living together since trainee days and we’re all guys…And just I’m confused. Sometimes.’ The maknae confessed with a small voice.

‘Did you talk to someone about it ?’ Luhan tried.

‘Only Tao…because he…well just Tao.’ He replied, not wanting to say anything else.

Luhan bit his lips. Tao uh ? He always had his suspicions but never asked about it, it wasn’t his business anyway.

‘Why aren’t you asking him ? Why me ?’ The blond asked, curious.

‘He doesn’t have experience…’ Sehun mumbled, embarrassed.

‘Experience.’ Luhan repeated. ‘And what make you say that I have experience in this matter ?’

‘I don’t know, I just…I trust you. With all of this. And you’re older so I assumed you knew something, anything…I guess.’ The younger stuttered.

‘What do you want from me, Sehun ?’ Luhan inquired.

He had a few ideas but he wasn’t sure what Sehun was thinking. He was so confusing sometimes.

‘Can I try with you ? Just for a bit ? If you’re not comfortable I’ll stop I promise.’ Sehun asked earnestly.

Taking a deep breath, Luhan closed his eyes. What to do ? He couldn’t refuse Sehun who seemed really worked up about this. But agreeing was risqué too.

‘Ok.’ He said finally, ignoring the small voice in his head screaming at him that it was a bad idea.

Sehun’s eyes lighted up and he smiled, visibly relieved.

‘Hurry up, the others won’t stay out late.’ He older stated, a little embarrassed to sound excited about it.

Sehun slid closer and sat on his lap, biting his lips. His hands were securely resting on his towel and he couldn’t meet Luhan’s eyes.

‘Just…do what you want and I will stop you if it’s not ok.’ The older breathed, their faces were close and his nose brushed Sehun’s.

The maknae nodded, not trusting his voice and placed his hands on Luhan’s neck. He leaned slowly and pressed his lips to Luhan’s. This part was easy, they already kissed before. He kissed him a few times chastely before deepening the exchange. He coaxed Luhan’s mouth open and plunged his tongue in his hot cavern tearing off a moan from the blond.

Feeling bold, he kissed him with more force. Luhan let him lead the kiss, it was all about Sehun after all and the younger was an amazing kisser. The blond put his hand on Sehun’s waist and caressed the skin tenderly. Breathless, they parted and Sehun trailed kisses on his neck, his hands rummaging his clothed chest before they took the hem of his shirt to pull it off.

Luhan kissed Sehun’s shoulder to reassure him and the younger smiled softly, kissing his lips repeatedly. His lips closed around one of Luhan’s nipple, his fingers playing with the other and Luhan moaned, his head thrown back in pleasure.

Encouraged by his reactions, Sehun hurried to unbuckle his belt and slid off his jeans to leave him only in his boxer.  He kissed him once more and started grinding against him. The position being uncomfortable, Luhan stopped him and pushed him away with his hand on his chest.

Sehun froze and stopped right away, his breathing shallow and his eyes frantic.

‘D-Do you want me to stop ?’ He tried in a small voice.

Luhan chuckled and shook his head.

‘No. It’s just…the position isn’t good.’ He explained.

‘Oh’ was all Sehun could say before Luhan rolled them over and made Sehun lie on his back properly.

‘Much better’ The blond whispered.

This time, he took the command and kissed his way down the younger’s body, leaving bruises on his skin. Sehun let out soft keening noises and puffs, his hands in Luhan’s hair. The latter looked up and undid the node of the towel, throwing it away. Sehun looked at him from under his lashes, suddenly shy and tried to close his legs. Luhan laughed at the flush spreading on his chest and neck and kissed him softly.

‘Don’t be shy, I already saw you naked’ He teased.

‘The circumstances weren’t the same…’ Sehun mumbled.

Luhan smiled and moved his hips, rubbing his hard-on on Sehun’s. The younger moaned at the friction and wrapped his arms around Luhan’s neck. The blond griped his hip hard and accelerate his pace, pushing himself with the hand set on the bed beside the younger