hurt anymore.  Tasuki, make it stop hurting, onegai...”

Answering tears welled up in Tasuki’s eyes at the broken plea in his friend’s voice.  How could anyone hurt so much, and hide it so well?  How do I make him stop hurting?  “You’re not alone, Nuriko, I’m here.  I’ll always be here when you need me.  I won’t leave you, I won’t let you be alone.  I promise.” 

Nuriko didn’t answer, except to cling to him a little tighter.  Tasuki frowned at the complete rigidity of his friend’s body, at the tension singing from every muscle.  After a moment’s consideration, he pulled out the band that held Nuriko’s braid and ran calloused, gentle fingers through the loosening violet waves.  The soothing motions calmed Nuriko, and gradually he relaxed, his tears slowing to a halt.

“Now, are ya gonna tell me what’s wrong, or am I gonna have to kick your ass?” 

Although Nuriko couldn’t help smile at the demand, the smile never reached his pain-dark eyes.  “What does it matter?” 

Tasuki scowled.  “You’re my friend, that’s what matters!  I don’t just sit back and watch when my friends are hurting, not when I can do something about it!”

“And when you can’t?”

The question stopped Tasuki in his tracks, but not for long.  After a moment’s consideration, he scowled even more fiercely.  “I still don’t let it happen!”  Nuriko sighed.  After a moment, Tasuki tried again.  “C’mon, what’s wrong?  You don’t know that it’s nothing I can help with.  Even if I can’t change anything, at least I can listen.”

Nuriko was quiet for a moment more, then spoke slowly.  “It just seems unfair, sometimes.  Everyone respects Hotohori’s feelings for Miaka.  Everyone feels bad for him because he loves her so much, and she’ll never love him.  But how is it different with me?  I also love someone who won’t ever return my feelings.  It hurts me just as much.  But no one takes it seriously.  People laugh at me, they think it’s funny.  And yeah, maybe I play it up a little, but that doesn’t mean my pain isn’t real.”

“Nuriko...”

“Do you have any idea how sick I get of being called ‘gay-boy’?  Do you really think I chose to be this way?  Has it ever occurred to anyone that maybe I wish I were normal, that I’d fallen in love with a girl like any other man?  Why would anyone in their right mind voluntarily be this way, condemned by the world as a freak because a hopeless love for someone who’s guaranteed never to want anything to do with them?  So many people despise me without knowing anything about me, without knowing what made me who I am.  I treat things lightly so no one sees how much it hurts, I hide my pain because it’s the only way I’ve ever known how to deal with it.  I’ve been alone for so long that I don’t know how to let people in.  I spent too many years trapped in a masquerade of my own making, trying to be someone I wasn’t, while my true self screamed to be free.”

“But you’re not alone anymore.  You have all of us, now.  We’re your friends, we wouldn’t hurt you.”

“No?  Tasuki, if you think I’ve never heard that kind of thing from my fellow seishi, you haven’t been paying attention.”  Tasuki winced, remembering the times he’d called his friend ‘gay-boy’, thinking it was only a joke.  “I don’t give a damn what the court thinks.  They’re all a pack of idiots and asses anyhow.  But when you guys say stuff like that...”  Nuriko closed his eyes.  “That’s when it really hurts.”

Tasuki pulled his friend close in a crushing embrace.  “Nuriko, I’m sorry, I never knew I was hurting you.  I just never stopped to think...”

Nuriko shrugged.  “I didn’t expect you to.  You don’t think that way.  But I wish some of the others would realize it.”

Tasuki frowned.  “So my excuse is that I’m stupid?”

Nuriko smiled tiredly, trying to summon his usual teasing tone of voice.  “Yup!”

Tasuki gently tugged on Nuriko’s hair.  “Remind me later that you owe me for that comment.”  There was a moment of quiet, then Tasuki spoke softly.  “I can talk to the others, make them see how you feel.  They’ll stop if they know it hurts you.”

But Nuriko shook his head.  “Please, Tasuki...don’t say anything.  Just...I’d rather