Kirkland sent someone to bring your head to him on a silver platter? Oh! And that he wants everything you've stolen up until know to pay off your debt? Really, did you think you could outsmart Arthur by staying in here?" Matthew crinkled his nose at the messy state and gestured to with his knives towards the room they were in.

"You are here to kill me, da?" Ivan asked letting fear slip into his voice as his eyes were still locked with Matthew's.

"Ding, ding, ding! Well, looks like someone's a genius." Matthew said, sarcasm leaking from his words.

"I have a question for you," Matthew said giggling at the unamused expression he received from his use of sarcasm, "Where exactly is everything you stole, and if your answer is 'I sold it for alcohol' or anywhere along the lines of: 'go to hell' I think I might just have to have a little chat with your adorable sisters. Maybe they'll be able to join you, in hell that is." Matthew said cheerily to the man in front of him. Ivan had a horrified expression on his face but quickly wiped it off and put on a smirk.

"You can do what you want with Katyusha but do not put a hand on Natalia, or else." Ivan threatened.

"It seems to me like you have some family issues, if you're willing to throw your sister under the bus like that. But I have only been tasked to kill you and take your valuables. I don't have to kill them too." Matthew said ignoring the 'or else' threat, as the man in front of him couldn't do anything from beyond the grave. Ivan thought for a moment and looked around the room, he spotted the clock and smirked at the time displayed, then he saw his water pipe leaning against the wall on the opposite side of the room.

"Now, now. I think I should advise you against going for your beloved water pipe over there but, that's your call. I'd still like you to answer my previous question, Ivan. Where do you keep your stolen valuables?" Matthew asked looking bored.

"Poshel na khuy." Ivan responded in Russian.

"I've got no idea what you just said. But, I think I'm going to be paying a little visit to your sisters. Right after I kill you, of course." Matthew said, giggling at the last part.

A growl was emitted by the large man and as he stared at Matthew he sighed and huffed his shoulders. At the strange sound Matthew pressed the two knives at Ivan's neck deeper into the man's flesh. Blood started to flow down Ivan's throat from the two puncture holes Matthew had made. Matthew looked down at the colour, admiring the bright red flowing down the pale man's skin.

"It really is pretty, don't you think? Oh wait, you can't see it." Matthew said silently. "The red of your blood. It represents so much yet we barely give the colour a second glance. It's pretty, the way it is slowly gliding down your throat, yet all it means now is that you have a cut." Matthew said more to himself than to Ivan, who had stopped moving completely.

Matthew got closer to Ivan and prepared himself to deal the final blow to this empty shell of a man. He noticed that Ivan's eyes were dilated and red along the edges. He truly did look like a psychopath. Ivan then bowed his head and sighed as if he had been defeated. Taking this opportunity Matthew guided his knives across the man's neck forcefully, meeting in the middle.

Ivan's eyes snapped open and looked to Matthew in shock as he started to choke on the blood surfacing from the fatal wound granted to him. In a surge of adrenaline Ivan got up and pushed Matthew over. But adrenaline enough couldn't save the dying man in front of Matthew, as he too fell over and was struggling towards his water pipe a few meters away. One arm was outstretched and the other clung to his neck. Gurgling sounds could be heard as Ivan's head fell to the floor in his final seconds. Ivan's eyes were still open as the light drained from them completely.

"Spasibo... chto spas... menya ot sebya (Thank you for saving me from myself)." Ivan choked out before he finally closed his eyes. The sound of Ivan's head hitting the ground was the only audible sound in the apartment, even the sounds of the outside world were muted as Matthew gazed at the body before him. He continued to stare at Ivan, thinking he might open his eyes and come back to life like the killers from some of the horror movies Alfred made Matthew watch with him.

Once Matthew's imagination was done playing out creepy scenes in his head, Matthew got up and took a better look around the room he had been trapped inside of all day. The walls were painted