."



















"I've already got fucking problems, that's why I won't stop, now just drop it, Zayn." Louis told him before proving a point and being a stubborn ass and, took out another cigarette just to show Zayn that he could.




















Zayn had made a mental note to get another pack since this was his last one and he only had two left for tomorrow.




















03:20




















Louis lifted his head when he heard soft, breathy moans. Zayn had fallen asleep with the TV on the softest volume. It had provided the otherwise pitch black room with light, dull reds and pinks lit up Zayn's writhing body under the crisp white sheets.



















He moaned again, a bit louder this time and rolled over onto his stomach, biting his pillow.



















Louis, in a daze, couldn't decipher if he was awake or dreaming until he heard his name fall from Zayn's lips and his mouth had never felt drier than in that moment.



















"Zayn?" Louis rasped but his voice was far too soft for Zayn to hear and he started to slowly circle his hips, humping the mattress in attempts to get some sort of relief.



















When Louis realised this his cheeks flushed. He lifted his head up a bit higher to watch the shape under the covers grind and shuffle.



















Zayn was careful to muffle his excitement and pleasure - the thought that Louis might actually catch him scared and turned him on all at the same time. Before he came he bit down hard on his pillow and Louis heard a deep growl before everything went calm and still and once again, with the TV was the only source of sound.



















But not to Louis.



















He wanted to hear Zayn again.



















It had turned him on.



















But Zayn was soundly asleep now, finally feeling sated and satisfied.



















***



















The next day, mid-morning Zayn woke up to an empty room. Louis had turned off the TV, made his bed and snuck out before he could wake up...which he guessed would be around noon.



















So Louis explored the city a little, went to the front desk to sort out his air condition situation, again, and thought about what he saw last night.




















00:30




















As usual, Zayn was wide awake, this time watching some vampire movie filled with beautiful men, beautiful women and a whole lot of angst and sex.



















He was so focused on it that he hadn't heard the familiar beep of a key card being slid into the door, it was only when the handle moved that his attention was caught.



















Louis took one thing before he silently left Zayn's room this morning and that was his spare key card, which Zayn had not even noticed had been gone.



















"Hey," Zayn greeted, his features showing a casual surprise - if something like that ever existed ... well, of course it did, it did whenever Zayn was around Louis. "Uhm, 'room' still not fixed?" He asked Louis, who was again shirtless, and slowly strolling towards him.



















"No, it's sorted. Handled it this morning."



















'Then...why are you here?' Is the silent question that was asked.



















"What are you watching?" Louis eyed the TV just as a sex scene came on.



















Zayn sat up on his elbows and didn't answer Louis. Something was ...different about him tonight.



















"What are you doing here?" Zayn hadn't meant to whisper it, but he suddenly lost his voice as soon as he had realised Louis' demeanour was greatly altered .



















"Thought we'd just hang out - if that's okay? You don't have any plans, do you?" Louis asked and climbed onto Zayn's bed.



















"Oh... yea, no that's cool. No plans." Zayn said nervously - which Louis picked up on.



















It was kind of fun seeing the always cool, calm and collected Zayn a bit hot under the collar.



















"Louis, I -"



















"Mm?"



















Louis' face was impossibly close to Zayn's. "Cigarette?" He offered and Zayn actually shook his head. "No, you sure?" Louis asked and took one out for himself.



















Louis purposefully palmed himself through his pants when he saw Zayn looking and was just about to speak when Zayn pulled the cigarette from between his lips and kissed him, sticking his tongue out and wasting no time to give Louis' bottom lip a lick.



















"I'msorry," Zayn said and pulled back, worried about Louis' reaction.



















"Don't." Louis grabbed the front of Zayn's shirt and pulled him back, kissing him back this time.



















Zayn moaned against his lips and buried his hands in Louis' soft, feathery hair.



















Zayn's sloppy and messy. His tongue licking at whatever it can. Louis' lips, the roof of his mouth and of course, his own tongue. But Louis doesn't mind. He likes the fading taste of vanilla on Zayn's mouth, from whatever he had last eaten.



















"Want me to fuck you?" Louis asks, pulling Zayn's shirt