were already standing near each other, they all shrugged in unison , Winston grabbed a box and sat at a table at the other end of the room. Pharah shuffled to Mercy and nudged her. "Hey let's be gay I mean let's be partners." Pharah's eyebrows then did a wiggly motion. Mercy just laughed and nodded. Symmetra then stepped in. "If you guys want perfections then you will need me on your team." Pharah and Mercy both agreed, "Ill get the box!" Mercy then made her way towards the table, grabbed one of the few boxes left, then made her way back to the other two. There was space in the middle of the open room so they decided to set up their base there. Bastion was just beepidy boopiding with his bird friend when he heard someone calling him from behind.Bastion turned to face a short woman with a white and blue coat on. "Um Hi, sorry for bothering you and your bird friend but... uh I was wondering if you would like to be my partner?"  Bastion let out a boop in agreement. Mei smiled and walked to the table, bumping into jack and Tracer who were setting up their station. "Sorry! Sorry, sorry...sorry!" She shuffled back to bastion and placed the box on his head. They decided to just work on the project there. 

Ana sighed "I think I might be getting to old for this.." Reinhardt came up behind her and put his hand on her shoulder. "Don't be silly! You'll always be young to me." Without His armor he looks like a giant teddy bear. "You are too good to me." Ana replied and went to grab a box. "Time to get started, Santa." She laughed, and Reinhardt grabbed the box that was being handed to him. Sombra walked over to Widowmaker with the last box in her hand. "There is no point in arguing with Jack right now, may as well get this over with." Widowmaker agreed and they both made their way to Gabriel. "No way in hell am I making a gingerbread house." Gabriel scoffed. "Come on Gabriel" Widowmaker's French accident rolled off her tongue. "Gabriel, you are making the fucking gingerbread house, you edge lord, My Chemical Romance, shopping at hot topic, emo fuck." Jack yelled from across the room, he must've been eavesdropping. "Fuck you Morrison!" Gabriel grabbed the box angrily from Sombra. 

The room was loud with discussion and arguing among the groups.  

Hanzo and Mccree had different ideas on how they wanted to decorate their gingerbread house.  "Lets just fucking cover the whole fucking thing with icin', darlin'." Mccree got the tube ready to start pouring all of the substance onto the gingerbread house. "Mccree no!" Hanzo took the tube away from him and gave him a glare. "We need to make it simple yet elegant you fool, we can’t just make it look like a disaster." "Well I just want to eat it." Mccree snatched the tube back from the other. "I will not be associated with such a disgrace of a design you come up with. Let me do the work." Hanzo grabbed the tube once more and started creating patterns on the roof, carefully. Mccree just sighed and waited for an opening to let him do some work too. 

Meanwhile D.va and Lucio Were sitting on the ground making a mess and really enjoying the task they were given. Jack got curious onto what they were creating so he gave the handful of candy he had to Tracer, letting her complete the finishing touches on their gingerbread house. He then he walked over to D.va and Lucio. "What have your creative minds come up with?" He looked down to see their gingerbread house covered in drawing of dicks all over it. Jack's jaw dropped. His plan to have beautiful gingerbread houses was ruined by dicks. "Like it old man?" D.va Laughed and high fived Lucio. Jack then threw his hands in the air in defeat, he walked back to Tracer who was doing a pretty decent job on the last bit of decorations. "Good Job kid." And he gave her a thumbs up. "Thanks dad!" She smiled, feeling proud. 

"Roadieeeee! Let me blow it up! Come on!" Junkrat whined. Roadhog was sitting on the ground still trying to figure out how everything pieced together. "No." Roadhog sighed. 

Genji and Zenyatta were having their own dispute... "Master we have to put it together." Genji held out his hand waiting for Zenyatta to give back the box he had earlier given to him. "No my student, the Universe will assemble it for us." Zenyatta nodded. "Umm master, I don't think that’s how it works.." Genji face palmed. 

"GUMDROPS RAIN FROM ABOVE" Pharah threw a bunch of gum drops onto their very colorful gingerbread house. "Pharah no! You are disrupting the beauty I have created!" Symmetra complained. "Oh lighten up Symmetra, it's just for