couch and his head dangled down the front.

"Why- What are you- Why are you sitting like that?"

"Like this? I'm just gathering my thoughts." He let out a soft laugh.

"I don't think that's good for your head. How long have you been sitting like that for?"

"Not a long time, but I guess you're right." Sehun got up with a grunt and closed his eyes as blood rushed away from his head and flowed back to its regular course around his body. He got up and walked over to Jongin, taking a handful of shopping bags. He then kissed the corner of the other's mouth. "Welcome back." He then laughed at Jongin's expression. "What's for dinner?"

"Are you going to keep on doing that?"

"Yep, of course I am going to keep doing that."

"Why do you keep-"

"Oh, noodles." Sehun interrupted and rummaged through the bags. "I see that you bought a new brand. Why the change?"

"I wanted to try something new."

"Nice."

 Jongin didn't know what was going on between them. He didn't know if Sehun really liked him or if their relationship was purely platonic. He kind of just went with it, he could deal with the feelings later.

There is no room for privacy in Jongin and Sehun's two bedroom city apartment. His room used to be his safe haven for alone time (and now he’s too scared to masturbate in the privacy of his own room just in case Sehun could hear him through the thin walls).

It was four in the morning. It was a lot earlier than the time Jongin would usually get up, but the pent up sexual frustration of not beating off in a while was eating him alive and he really needed some alone time (he wouldn’t have this problem if Sehun went out every once in a while). He was fully aware that Sehun could walk in at any moment (the bathroom never had a lock in the first place for reasons only the land-lord knew) but he made the assumption that Sehun wouldn’t wake up for a couple more hours.

By the time Jongin stepped foot under the spray, he was already half hard. He circled his fingers around the base of his length and tightened it as he dragged it towards the head. He repeated the action. A low groan escaped his lips and used his free hand to brace himself against the tiles. Jongin drew in a shaky breath as he flicked his wrist which caused his hips to stutter forward twice.

"Well, looks like we're even." Sehun's voice reached ears and Jongin paled.

He looked over his shoulder to find Sehun leaning against the doorway. He walked over until only the pane of the shower glass separated them. Jongin's cheeks burned red and the feeling of embarrassment washed over him despite the fact that he was still hard.

"It's not- I'm not..."

"It is, you are, and that's okay. Jongin, its completely normal for boys to feel sexual urges every now and then-"

"Stop it! You're making it worse."

"What do you want me to do, then?"

"Can you um... Leave so I can, you know, finish?"

Sehun shook his head. "No can do. I have a better idea, though."

Jongin watched as Sehun shed his clothes, joined him under the spray and stepped closer. His arms looped around Jongin's neck as he leaned in, breath ghosting over Jongin's lips before he licked at the seam. When he gasped, Sehun pressed his mouth against the former's and slid his tongue into Jongin's mouth, "You didn't brush your teeth yet." He mumbled against the other's lips to which the latter replied with a soft 'sorry'.

"Don't be." Sehun glanced down and Jongin followed the action and watched as the former kneeled.

"Wait, what are you?-"

"Let me help you with that. It looks uncomfortable."

"No, Sehun-" Jongin tried to turn away but Sehun's hands gripped his hips in place, slightly warm, and oddly comforting.

"You can return the favour later. Think of it as us getting closer." Sehun smirked up at him before staring back at Jongin's length.

"S-Stop staring at it."

"If you say so." Sehun shrugged and clasped a hand around the base of Jongin's cock before he wrapped his lips around the crown. Jongin let out a surprised groan, his hands finding refuge in Sehun's wet tresses. The latter hollowed his cheeks as he took more of Jongin into his mouth and bobbed his head.

"S-Sehun..." Jongin's voice trailed off into a low moan.

"Mhm?" Sehun intentionally hummed around Jongin's length which caused the latter's hips to jerk forward as he languidly thrusted into Sehun's mouth. And Sehun