both took off their shoes at the door and they both waved at Yifan's mom who sat in the living room watching some doctor show.

"We'll be upstairs," Chanyeol called out. Yifan turned and raised an eyebrow at the younger. He just shrugged and passed by to go up the stairs to where Yifan's room was located.

When he walked into his room, Chanyeol had already brought out all the markers and some notebooks.

"Chanyeol," Yifan sighed. "What are you up to?"

"I'm helping you confess to Junmyeon. I asked around and there have been talks that he's not going to confess. Which means you don't have to worry! I was thinking about something cheesy. He seems like he'd appreciate it.” 

 

"I feel like you just insulted both him and me in the same sentence," Yifan pointed out. Chanyeol shrugged and popped open a black Sharpie. "I'm gonna google some cheesy puns. You can start on decorating."

Yifan reached over and grabbed a green marker and started to sketch out a tree. He hoped that whatever stupid thing that Chanyeol will find would match this nice landscape he was drawing.

"I think I found the perfect one! It's going to involve a pizza box and maybe some donuts if we do this right," Chanyeol exclaimed. Yifan raised a brow at him and waited for him to continue. "Okay here me out on this. Be the missing slice in my life. And get this, the pizza box will be a full pizza and it will have only one slice of pizza missing. You can give it to me if you want. Anyways, so under that it will say,  I donut wanna be alone tonight, be my date?" Chanyeol beamed. His arms were above his head as if waiting for Yifan to get it.

"Yeah...that's good and all, but I don't think that'll fit my beautiful landscape," Yifan pouted.

"Who cares. It's not about the background, it's about the puns and the food. You know what they say, best way to a guy’s heart is through his stomach," Chanyeol grimaced, probably getting a mental image. "We can go buy the stuff before the party."

"Wait. I don't think I can confess to Junmyeon.”

Chanyeol stood up throwing the notebook he had been holding. "Yifan! I didn't befriend you because I thought you were lame. You're the coolest kid at school. Captain of the basketball team. You're Wu Yifan and you're going to take this poster board, buy some donuts and a box of pizza and you're going to confess to Junmyeon."

Yifan just stared up at the boy in shock. Never in his three years of friendship with the other had he talked to him in such a way.

"Chanyeol, that didn't make pep me up. I'm not going to confess to Junmyeon. What if someone else does it? I'd look like a fool. He's a really attractive guy. I think I heard Sooyoung say she was going to confess to him," Yifan pointed out.

"Now you're just saying random stuff. Sooyoung is dating that baseball player and you know it"

"Why can't you just let me live? I don't want to confess to Junmyeon and that's final."

-

 

On Friday, Yifan stood outside the school gym. Chanyeol stood behind him holding the poster while Yifan held onto the donuts and the pizza box. Yifan turned to glare at the shorter for the thirtieth time that night. Chanyeol just shrugged and headed towards the gym doors.

"You coming or not?" Chanyeol called, letting the door swing behind him to close. Yifan sighed following the other into the gym. The dance had started an hour earlier. They would have gotten there on time, but Chanyeol needed to gather his items for his own confession. It was a little dog plushie and Chanyeol had stored it in his breast pocket. 'You and your woes come first,' he had said when Yifan asked him about it.

They were greeted by the student council secretary, Jongdae. He stood at the door and was handing out a red envelope that was filled with tiny white hearts that they were supposed to give when they were about to confess. Baekhyun had said they were going to cut off all the music and ring a bell. He would explain the rules, but they were going to treat it as a game. When Baekhyun had told him about it, Yifan had grunted and glared at Chanyeol. He didn't need the stupid poster or the donuts or the pizza. Chanyeol had just shrugged and kept eating a slice of pizza from another box that Chanyeol had bought.

The dance floor was sparse, which was to be expected. Usually it was after everyone had confessed that the dance floor would get packed. They had done a dance Yifan's freshman year when he was forced to go because he and Lu Han had