or get lost," Bucky snarls, and Steve is so confused that he almost doesn't register what Bucky is actually saying.

"Come in, I said," Bucky’s voice is gravelly. "I hear you out there, now get in here, you fucking chicken."

Steve opens the door, barely wide enough for him to fit through, and Bucky glares up at him, blue eyes feverish, his fist still wrapped around his cock. "Now, if you're done being a fucking voyeur, why don't you get over here and suck my dick?"

Steve swallows thickly. "You're fucking kidding," he mumbles, barely above a whisper. "When did you— How long have you—"

"I remember some shit," Bucky mumbles, shaking the sweaty hair from his face. "I ain't forgot everything. I remember your mouth is Heaven, baby boy. So how about you get on your knees for me?"

Bucky tastes the same. Steve remembers this, he remembers how thick it's always been, but he's pretty sure that somehow, Bucky's cock's gotten even thicker. His mouth waters while he's sucking, and he glances up at Bucky to see him, lolling there with his eyes closed, his hair soaked with sweat, and propped up on his fat pillows, grinning like he hasn't grinned in ages. Steve moans around Bucky's dick. His eyes close, lashes resting on his hollowing cheeks.

"Should've figured it would take some noise," Bucky says, his hand sliding through Steve's hair. "You always were a sucker for my mouth."

Steve moans again, his hand going down the front of his running pants. He starts to stroke his own cock while he sucks Bucky's, and Bucky makes a low, approving sound at this development.

"Am I misremembering?" Bucky asks, "Or did I suck you off in an alley once, and get so excited I came in my pants?"

Steve makes a vague, happy noise of affirmation.

"Don't know what was on my mind," but he mumbles, shaking his hair again, "Must've been in a mood, or channeling you."

Steve slurps loudly, then bobs his head down, until his nose is in the hair under Bucky's navel, the head of Bucky's cock against the back of his throat, and Bucky groans. Steve is so happy he can't think. He feels drunk. His own cock is already sticky at the tip from the sheer absurdity of it. He hasn't done this since before the ice. He thought about it, of course, but he wasn't sure how to ask if anyone else would be interested.

"Did you miss me, baby?" Bucky asks, his voice increasingly breathy as Steve gags and chokes on his cock, working it into his throat. "You done this with anybody? Anybody know what you really like?"

Steve hums in the negative, his ears going pink, face hot. It’s been so long since he’s done anything like this, and Bucky’s commentary’s shifted so much, he’s not sure how to take it. The rumbling of his voice is still the same, the gentle warmth of his tone, but everything he’s saying is different than anything he’s said before. Steve’s a little shocked how much he likes it, how it’s making his mouth water.

"Would've thought you'd at least gotten on with Sam," Bucky mumbles. "He seems like your kind of fella. Nice."

Steve moans, slurping again. Back then, Bucky only ever asked him about what he got up to with Peggy, because it took Bucky so long to get fond of anybody, and, as far as Steve knows, Bucky’s only ever wanted to talk about fooling around with folks if he was attached to them. He and Bucky were never exclusive, but the world’s a different place now. Maybe they still won’t be. Maybe that’s good. It worked for them just fine before—and better than fine, with Peggy.

Steve hadn’t realized his crush on Sam was so obvious. He hadn’t noticed Bucky working on one, either. Maybe Steve had just been busy having his head up his own ass, that wouldn’t be unusual.

Steve glances upward, and Bucky laughs softly, rough, his shoulders relaxed into the bed, his teeth scraping across his lower lip, leaving it flushed, shiny and slick.

"Just because I haven’t been up for it doesn’t mean my eyes’re closed. Thought you had better sense than to sit at home, waiting for me. Or maybe you just ain't figured out how to ask. Mm. Why ain’t you made a move yet, Stevie? You getting shy in your old age? Didn't know what to say to him, did you? But