over to the drawer in his nightstand. He picked up the small plastic bag and closed the drawer. He turned back to face Yuu, but looked down at the item in his hand before handing it to his boyfriend.

“Merry Christmas, Yuu-chan,” Mika said softly and blushed when Yuu’s face lit up in joy.

“This is really nice! I always wanted a phone charm!” Yuu said and went to immediately up it on. Something fluttered in Mika’s chest as he watched Yuu struggle but succeeded in the meager task. Yuu grinned at him again and Mika could feel his heart so somersaults. It’s been like that for a while, but now that he acknowledged what he felt for the other teen, Mika couldn’t decide if he liked the feeling or not. “That looks really familiar.”

Mika followed Yuu’s gaze and his eyes widened. The blond immediately snatched his phone and held it to his chest, confusing Yuu. But then Yuu realized that Mika had gotten them matching ones.

“I’ve always wanted a phone charm but I could never decide which one to choose! But I never thought about getting matching ones! It’s such a good idea and I think it really suits the two of us too! This is the best Christmas present ever, Mika!” Yuu smiled before looking back down at the small phone charm. Mika bit his lip as the warm fuzzy feeling blossomed in his chest, but that thought made it hard for him to breathe.

“Y-Yuu-chan?” Mika asked hesitantly and Yuu looked up from admiring the phone charm.

“Yes?” He replied and put his phone down on the bed.

“Do you remember when you first confessed to me?”

“Yeah, we went to a diner and I asked you out.”

“And you know how I said I was unsure about being in a relationship but decided to give it a try?” Yuu nodded. “I-I don’t want to be in this relationship anymore.”

“Mika, but why? We’ve been doing so well, I… why?” Mika bit his lip and averted his gaze as he racked his brain for an answer.

“I’ve never gotten close to anyone like this before and… and I want to stop before I’m hurting any further…”

“What… Mika, I-I don’t understand what you’re talking about.”

“I just… I don’t… I-I just want to end this.”

“We’ve been doing so well! What happened?”

“I… I don’t want to do this anymore!”

“But we even have matching phone charms!” Yuu exclaimed as he held up his phone. The charm dangled in front of Mika as if it was mocking him.

“I think I fell in love with you, okay!”

Everything went silent and the only thing that could be heard was Mika’s harsh panting from the yelling. Yuu stared at the flustered blond as he tried to understand the words that were just said to him.

“What.”

“What do you mean what!” Mika snapped but all anger dissipated when he saw the tears rolling down Yuu’s face. “I…”

He averted his gaze away and felt the weight on the bed shift. Yuu was going to leave him. Just like everyone else has in his life. That’s why-

Mika felt a familiar pair of hands stroke his cheeks as he was forced to look into the watery green eyes that reminded him of emeralds.

“I love you,” he breathed before their lips met. Mika wanted to push away from Yuu but instead he melted into the chaste kiss. He was so love with Yuu that he was weak to the other’s touches. His eyes slowly fluttered opened and they stared deeply into each other’s eyes. “I love you a lot, Mika.”

Yuu blinked in confusion as he was holding Mika in one second and suddenly the blond retreated as far away on the bed as possible.

“Mika?” Yuu called as he crawled closer to Mika but the blond shifted further away, his back pressed firmly against the headboard.

“Stop,” Yuu froze at the crack in Mika’s voice. Tears started streaming down the blond’s face but Yuu didn’t dare get closer in fear of upsetting him further.

“Mika, I…”

“You shouldn’t be here. You were supposed to leave, you should have abandoned me, you… you…”

Mika bit down a sob as he was pulled into Yuu’s embrace. He didn’t have the energy or will to pull away, not anymore.

“Why Mika?” Yuu gently murmured in Mika’s ear as he stroked the blond’s soft hair. “Why would I leave you?”

“Because they always left,” Mika choked out. “My father and my mother… And Krul… she’s away a lot too and then… and then soon you will too leave me…”

Yuu shifted his hands to hold Mika by the shoulders as he leaned back