Dumbledore has insisted even though James has told him that their little Yuya hasn't been born in july, even less at the end.

Strangely it didn't matter to Dumbledore, he didn't stop insisting they should go into hiding, and especially, under Fidelius charm.

James sighed.

The Longbottom heir was born nearly one year before than their son… and especially in July, so why did they have to go into hiding?

James really wasn't going to go into hiding, that's when Dumbledore told him that he had a spy, and that the spy had heard that Voldemort thinks that his son was born in july, especially the 31.

All of this seemed strange but… he didn't want to let his son be in danger, so at the end, the four of them go into hiding.

When people asked who Kailus is, he told them he was a… familiar.

It wasn't a lie… he was the father of his child.

He giggled while remembering the prank he has given some stupid Order woman who had tried to flirt with HIS dominant.

Poor of her, she will smell so bad that nobody will come near her for some time…

While James was thinking about the prank he had given the woman with James, Kailus took out a collar that looked like his own and the one of James, putting it around Yuya's neck.

Making sure to put a spell so that nobody else less James, Yuya or him can take it out.

It was a spell that would make sure to hide all of Yuya's inhuman parts…

The tattoo's on Yuya's body disappeared, followed by his ears, scales, and wings.

The collar was composed of a gold chain and a small stone.

The stone was a rare circular Topaz that was of a green color, slowly changing toward a blue at the middle…

It looked a lot like Yuya's eyes… and it seemed to be worth a lot of money, thankfully nobody could take it from Yuya even if they tried.

He could finally calm himself once Yuya had the collar.

It was a collar he had found in his older Vault, from the old times…

It wasn't know a lot of Old times, it was something that came from even before the majority of elf moved away to another planet to never come back.

Thankfully not all of them got away to that place called middle-earth.

If not, he would never have found his lovely mate, it was even possible he himself has never been born.

He sneaked a look at Lily to see her looking away, trying not to look at his son and mate.

He frowned, he didn't really like her living with them, but if his mate was happy, then he wouldn't say anything.

I do not own Harry Potter nor any of his characters... They're all JK Rowling!

Words : 3.612

Warning : Characters death, betraying... sexy dark lords...


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


Okay... I know I didn't show all what happened but it's so that there will not have spoilers in the future ;)


 

Wormtail trembled and tried to become transparent at the glares he could feel from the masked Death Eaters. He looked at his arms, seeing the dark mark, like blank ink on his white arms.

"Wormtail" a snake-like voice hissed calling for him.

Wormtail squeaked and slowly started walking toward the front of the room, where a big chair, like those of kings, stood. Sitting in that chair a handsome man that seemed to be in his twenties was sitting, one arm holding his head, those cold red eyes looking at him Short black hair and red eyes, a face that would take your breath away… that was his Lord.

Sadly, those last years the beauty has been disappearing, some ugly scales were on his face and parts of hair started falling.

The Dark Lord has been experimenting with the darkest arts, and it showed on his body.

"M-My L-Lord" he greeted, kissing the cloak of his lord, showing his respect.

The Dark lord waved his hands at him, bored;

"What are those… news you have for me?" he asked with a raised eyebrow, looking in disgust at the rat-like man in front of him.

He didn't really understand how the… Potters… could be near a thing like that rat.

A small smirk appeared on the face of Peter Pettigrew at the question;

"My Lord…" suddenly he became surer of himself "I was made the secret-keeper of the Potters"

He raised his head proudly and the Dark Lord wanted to roll his eyes and sent a crucio to him.

"Is that so…?" he asked doubt dripping from his voice.

Voldemort knew many things, and he was sure the Potter were not… idiots.

Peter nodded rapidly, assuring his Lord he wasn't lying.

He heard some sneers around the room, none of those pureblood could understand how someone could be so stupid