Giorno stared at him blankly hoping for clarification.


 


The man snorted in annoyance and unbuckled his belt followed by an opening of his fly. Giorno figured he wanted him to follow suit and began by unzipping his shirt, pulling it off unconcerned by the heart shape tan lines he sported on his chest and pulled himself out of his tight pants. Giorno looked up from the strenuous task of peeling out of his clothing to find the foreign man completely nude. His cock was simply hung and it looked like it shouldn’t be able to stay erect given how much area the blood had to circulate through, but it stayed suspended in the air in spite of that.


 


The foreigner grabbed Giorno’s ankles and pulled him toward him. He groped at Giorno’s tight briefs and his brow furrowed. Giorno moved his legs into the air and slid his briefs off, giving the Asian a nice view of his ass as the underwear was pulled off of his long and luxurious legs. Giorno spread his legs for the man, showing him his pre-cum slicked member, he knew such manly men liked a slight-hipped boy like him.


 


“Sore hodo okikunai.” was all the man offered him in a gruff voice as he let his cock fall onto his smaller partner’s, the difference between the two was incredible.


 


Without another word, he pulled his cock off of Giorno’s, lined it up to Giorno's anus.


 


“Lubrificante?” Giorno asked, but he knew the man probably couldn’t understand him, and he was ignored in favor of having his asshole filled.


 


“Fa male. Fa male. Fa male!” Giorno grunted and finally shouted only to be ignored again as he continued to be violated.


 


The man gripped an ankle and yanked it into the air as his other gripped hard on Giorno’s hip. Gold Experience appeared to try and remove the man’s hand from Giorno’s ankle, but without skipping a beat a purple from appeared from the man and grabbed Gold Experience’s throat, pushing it into the wall. Giorno gasped in surprise but found he had a hard time breathing as the purple stand’s hands continued to grip his own’s throat.


 


Giorno felt desperate, only getting in small breaths between being thrust into. His hands gripped the motel sheets, his teeth gritted in enervation mixed with pleasure, the pain had subsided some and allowed some pleasure to set in, but it had not gone completely and the feeling of being choked was an unfortunate reminder to not assume every foreigner for a fool. 


 


Giorno could feel another, new, sensation. Something rubbing against 

something 

he did not have. Averting his eyes from the hunk insisting on fucking him with only pre-cum as lubricant he fixed them instead on Gold Experience being accosted. The purple stand’s free hand had found itself between Giorno’s stand’s legs, rubbing against the pussy it found there. Giorno noticed the tent forming in the other stand’s loins and steeled himself for something new. 


 


Giorno felt a second entrance he didn’t physically have getting penetrated, ridges along the side of the ghostly cock sent shivers down Giorno’s spine. As Gold Experience was pinned against the wall Giorno tried to gasp at the dual sensation but didn’t have the air for it. The conflicting pain and pleasure all over kept Giorno from collecting his thoughts; instead, taking each sensation as it came. The man and his stand alternated their thrusts at times and synchronized them at others, and all the while the pressure on Giorno’s neck lowered and increased at odd intervals serving to further disorient him.


 


Gripping Giorno’s other ankle, the man pulled him towards him as he got his cock in as deep as he could, cumming inside the Italian boy’s asshole. The man waited a moment to catch his breath before removing himself from the boy as his stand did the same. He gave another look at Giorno and gave a disgusted snort as he moved to the other side of the bed and sat himself down to relax with a cigarette. Giorno’s hand wasted no time in treating his cock to the treatment the man had neglected. His other hand fingering himself to get a taste of his foreign hunk’s cum.




Jotaro meanwhile found the boy unimpressive, but could certainly see the resemblance between the blond and his deceased father. Maybe that was why he had so relished hurting the boy, knowing he was the son of DIO. Regardless having left his wife in America he was without release as a stranger in a strange land. He would tell Giorno of his heritage he decided after he’d gotten his fill of the boy.


First time seriously writing some M/M sex. Sorry if this was a little lackluster, but hey it's kind of a learning process for me. In any case, can I tell you about how much I like the idea of Gold Experience having a pussy? Giorno's just super femme why wouldn't his spiritual manifestation have a cute little pussy? By the same caveat though I guess Stone Free would have a dick. That actually gives me some ideas