Angeles Police Department. I am also the man assigned to aid in many of Mr. Miles Edgeworth's investigations.



I hope this message sends at the right time. I'm not entirely sure of the time difference from Germany to California...anyways, I, um, I am aware of your relation to Mr. Edgeworth, and seeing as he does not have any other family members in my country or yours, you are now the first person to know of his passing.



Mr. Edgeworth committed suicide last night, Miss von Karma. It was sudden and unexpected, and came as a shock to all of us...but the police are investigating, and came across his suicide note early this morning. We are all deeply saddened by the news - I've already shed a tear just writing this, you see. - and I am sure that you too will need time to process all of this. If there is anything you need during this time, do not hesitate to contact me and I will get in touch with the German police force. I am so sorry that this is how I had to introduce myself to you. Mr. Edgeworth talked about you all the time. I wish things could have been different.


Sincerely,
D. Gumshoe, LAPD

Franziska read it over twice, wondering if she had missed anything, like a little "P.S" at the end reading 'April Fools! Miles is fine!' or perhaps if this e-mail was real at all. Perhaps it was a figment of her cruel and unforgiving imagination. Perhaps she was too tired. Perhaps the damned Americans thought it was funny to play some prank on her.

She sat there for a good ten minutes in silence, nothing but her thoughts and that horribly written, terrifyingly real letter now imprinted in her mind to keep her company. Miles was dead? 


How could he be so foolish? How could he take his life? How could he leave me all alone...?


Before Franziska could remember that the arrest and subsequent death of her father was as a result of Edgeworth's murder trial, or that Miles had only continued prosecuting after the fact for a short time, a single tear rolled down her cheek, along with residue from her eyeliner that had lasted for eight hours, up until now.
When she'd received the news of her father's passing, she had been almost relieved. Manfred von Karma had not lived in the manor for over a year by the time he'd died, and many of the memories she had with Papa consisted of excessive shouting, reprimanding, and from time to time the physical abuse she would receive as a child should she ever do something less than perfect. But Miles...Miles had come to the live with the von Karmas when Franziska was merely two years old. Bruderlein, she called him, though he was older. They'd been the best of friends. She hadn't seen Miles Edgeworth in almost three years, now, ever since he stopped coming home for Christmas. And she'd never see him again.

Whether it was out of grief or disbelief, Franziska stood up from her desk and grabbed the whip, sitting coiled and perfect on her desktop, in her right hand, and her cell phone in the other. A gloved finger typed out the phone number she knew belonged to Edgeworth and she dialed, clinging on to one last thread of hope that-
"You've reached Miles Edgeworth, please leave your name and phone number and I'll get back to you shortly."


Beep.


"Miles Edgeworth, you foolish fool! Don't you dare taint the von Karma name with this foolery. Suicide? Papa would be furious to know that this is what's become of you. Don't you play games with me. Don't you disappear off this Earth..." Her resolve vanished, and her voice weakened. Even she could not handle the possibility that the only man who had ever made her feel safe was gone. "Please tell me you're alive, Miles..."


Message delivered.


She set her phone back beside her computer and unraveled her bull whip frivolously, storming out of her office with no particular destination, convincing herself not to cry or show weakness despite the fact she was alone. Somehow, she made it to her father's old office, and before she could stop herself the whip had destroyed the lamp in the rightmost corner of his oak-wood desk shards of glass decorating the surface, one of them falling into the just-barely-opened drawer. Curious and angry, she approached this drawer, careful not to trip over herself while avoiding the glass...Franziska had never opened her father's drawers. They often contained hidden evidence, his whips, his guns...but what she found instead was a package, half open, the contents spilling out in the form of unopened letters…

She picked one out of the pile.

"Auf Mein Schwesterschen" - To My Little Sister

She picked up another. The same title. And another, the same. These letters were from Miles. For her. Letters