I'll fuck you with the vibrator until you can't take any more and then..." the fingers went in, straight for John's prostate. "...then I'll put my cock in you beside the vibrator. I'm going to fuck you until you forget your own name."

"Nngh," was all John could say. He bore down on Rodney's fingers, feeling them go in even deeper and then thrust up, fucking thin air, riding Rodney's hand like he was desperate for it.

"Eager," Rodney muttered, a fond little smile on his lips. "God, John, you're beautiful like this. Ready for another one?"

John couldn't form coherent sentences anymore but his frantic nods were clearly enough because Rodney slid his fingers out and went for four. It was a tight fit, even after the plug and John wondered for a brief moment what it would be like to have Rodney's entire hand in his ass. Maybe he'd ask for that another time.

John didn't know how much time passed. The inside of his thighs were getting slippery with lube and he was leaking more and more, his cock wet and sticky. Rodney fucked him with one hand and held his hips down with the other, keeping him from squirming around too much.

It was impossibly good. John's heartbeats were loud in his ears, every breath turned into a groan. If Rodney kept this up, John was going to come before they were halfway through with the plan.

Then, finally, Rodney reached for the vibrator. He turned it on low and went slowly, using the tip of it to tease John's balls and perineum. Just when John was about to start begging, Rodney slid the toy all the way deep inside him and twisted.

John arched his back off the bed and came with a hoarse scream.

His orgasm went on forever. Spurt after spurt of semen hit his chest, his cock pulsed and twitched as he convulsed. Rodney kept fucking him all the way through it, making the orgasm even more intense.

When it was over, John sank back down again, completely boneless and blushing with embarrassment. "Sorry," he slurred. "Di'n't mean t' go off like that." He had wanted it to last, had wanted Rodney inside him when he came.

"Don't worry," Rodney said, pulling the vibrator out of him and turning up the setting a bit. "I'll get you there again. I'm not doing this unless you're completely relaxed, which I'd say you are right now."

John had to agree. It was like his muscles had turned to goo. He couldn't even move and felt his eyelids begin to slide shut.

"No, no, no, none of that," Rodney protested and slid the vibrator back into John's ass. John blinked his eyes open and gasped as the vibrations hit his now over-sensitive prostate. Rodney continued. "You should've seen yourself. God, John, that was so hot I thought I'd come too. Just think of what it will be like the second time."

John did think about it. The way he felt right now, he doubted he'd be able to come again. He wasn't fifteen anymore and the days when he could climax more than once in one night were long gone. "I can't," he murmured, his breath hitching as Rodney twisted the vibrator again.

"You can," Rodney told him. It sounded more like a demand than assurance and John found to his surprise that a bossy Rodney was something of a turn-on.

"Okay, I'll try," John agreed.

Rodney smiled at him and leaned forward, blowing hot air over John's dick. It made a brave attempt at an early comeback. Huh. Maybe he really could come again. Rodney kept fucking him and the vibrations spread through his body. Then he opened his mouth and licked a hot, wet stripe over the entire length of John's cock. John groaned and spread his legs wider, giving Rodney more room.

Rodney often claimed to give the best blowjobs in Atlantis. John had never really been in a position to find proof of that, but he was inclined to agree. Rodney could do things with his tongue that made John whimper. Believe it or not, but he was getting hard again, his cock slowly filling in Rodney's mouth.

"See? I told you so," Rodney grinned, clearly very satisfied with himself.

John didn't really have a good answer, he was far too busy trying no to thrust to deep into Rodney's throat and choke him. Then he felt a completely new sensation. Rodney was working a finger into his ass together with the vibrator. It was tight, very tight and for a moment John doubted the wisdom of the whole idea. Rodney was never going to fit in there.

Then Rodney turned up the setting on the vibrator and John stopped