middle of the bar and through the convenient loops there. Zayn whimpers into the sheet and squirms against the ropes again, Liam leaves him there while he picks up the other end of the rope and threads it under Zayns bound wrists to the rope harness around his chest and shoulders, pulling the rope under and tugging on it until Zayns knees are at about a 90° angle. He ties it around and secures it with a simple triple knot, pulling at it so the rope around Zayns chest tightens and they both know it’s not coming away anytime soon. Then, using the rest of it he brings it back and ties around Zayns wrists again before doubling back to the bar and tying it there. Zayn is quivering in his binds, Liam can see he’s desperately trying to keep still and be good for him, but Liam loves the effect he has on Zayn and as sadistic as it is; seeing Zayn helplessly struggle is one of the hottest things anyone could witness. He runs his hand over Zayns ass and delivers a light smack over his bum. Zayn yelps and jumps but Liam doesn’t comment on it. Instead he does something much crueler. 

He climbs over Zayn and situates himself where he’s above him but not touching the rope connecting the bar and the rope. Breathing heavy into his ear “God you love this don’t you?” He appreciates the sight under him for a moment before continuing. “You look so helpless, all tied up for me and spread out, how I overpowered you so you didn’t even know it was coming.”

Zayn nods his head and bunches his shoulders up as he whines.

“All mine,” Liam leans up and thumbs the fantail tattoo before kissing it. “All mine.”

Zayn nods, “onl-only yours Liam.”

“You want to touch so bad don’t you?” He breathes into his ear. “I can see it you know.” Zayn doesn’t answer with more than a groan. 

“You must be so hard.” Liam says and elicits a gasp from Zayn, then a nod with a whine. “And it must be so difficult to stay still. When all you want to do is squirm and touch your dick or be fucked.”

Zayns hips minutely move, as if he’s about to hump the bed. Liam clambers off him, “put on a show for me honey,” Liam says. “Move all you want.” 

Zayn looks up at him with heavily lidded eyes, lips parted before he rolls his shoulders back, his hands rotating in the binds. Liam watches him squirm from where he lays and pushes down his own jeans and boxers which have stayed on to reveal his own hard cock that he steadfastly began to pump to the sound of Zayns moans and the sight of him squirming so helpless in the bonds that he had put him in, to his whines and huffs and watches him roll his hips as he humps the mattress, desperate for any friction of his cock. The bar preventing him from straightening his legs as they wave in the air. A few minutes pass and Zayn’s moaning, panting and groaning into the sheets, a steady stream of ‘please Liam, please, Liam Liam Liam.’ Falling from his lips, each word a higher pitch than the last. Liam moves forward as he watches Zayn squirm even more. Wriggling in the ropes. It’s then that Liam reaches for the chain, purposely letting it clink loudly as he lays it over Zayns back. Who yelps at the cold.

“No sounds Zayn, I don’t want to hear a thing.” Immediately the moans cease. The chain is easy to hear as Liam wraps one end around the middle of the bar where the rope is and the click of the lock echoes. Liam tosses the links up and down in his hands as he wraps a bit over Zayns wrists, locking it and enjoying the squirming that accompanies the mind-fucking click before he wraps and locks another around the rope harness. Liam pulls on the harness, which brings Zayn half up onto his knees and wraps the chain around with the rope once. Liam glances back down again and notices Zayns cock is red and hard again before dropping him back to the sheets to lock him in place. He’s pleasantly surprised to have heard no sounds. “Good boy.” 

Zayns wrists roll, as does his upper body as he continues to squirm – after all, Liam hadn’t said to stop yet. The chain adds a nice sound effect and jingle as he does so. Liam leaves him to squirm as he inspects Zayns ass, trailing a finger down from the cleft to his rim. Tracing around it before using both hands to pull away his cheeks for a closer inspection. He hears Zayn gasp quietly and stiffen immediately after but Liam ignores it as he touches Zayns rim with his fingers. He leaves to get the lube and comes back placing the bottle on the small of Zayns back, changing his mind at the last minute when he whispers “three strikes,” to Zayn. He doesn’t explain it. It should be enough.

He crawls