that's all he needs, though he doesn't enjoy it as much the second time. Harry, keep going - use your fingers, come on." Harry shifts onto one elbow and slides one finger into Caroline's cunt, crooking it against her tight walls. "Better," Caroline says. "Ask him what he wants, Nick."

Nick squeezes his arse cheek. "Do you want to come before I fuck you, love?" The question makes Harry shudder again. If Nick keeps saying things like that it might be a moot point in a minute; Harry might not be able to hold off. 

He tries to think through the fog of want clouding his brain. Does he want to? He's desperate for it, but he also wants to come on Nick's cock, wants to have something inside him when he finally lets go, so he shakes his head.

"Alright." Nick pats his bum. "Be a good lad then and stay still."

It's an effort not to whine when Nick takes his hand away. Christ, Harry's got his mouth on Caroline's cunt, usually one of his favourite things to do, and yet he's upset that Nick took his hand off him. Mad.

“I'm close, Harry,” Caroline says, bringing his attention abruptly back to the task at hand. “Make me come.”

Her thighs have started to tremble around his ears; if he hadn't been so distracted by Nick he would have noticed. He pushes another finger into her and starts fucking her with them as he flicks his tongue against her clit, fast and firm, listening for the change in her breathing that means she's going to come - and there it is, the little pause and then a gasp as she inhales, and then she's clenching around his fingers, her whole body shaking as she comes.

He slides his fingers out but keeps his mouth on her until she pulls it away, petting clumsily at his hair. "Thank you," she says. "Lovely as always." 

He sits back and wipes his face with the back of his hand. "Sorry, not my best performance."

She smiles. Her hair's spread out all over the pillow, a tangled mess. “That's alright, I know you were distracted. It's a special occasion, after all.”

“Very special,” Nick says, and Harry looks over at him. Nick's lying on his side, watching them, casually stroking himself with one hand. He's not fully hard again yet, but even so his cock suddenly looks worryingly big. “It's not every day a lad gets to bottom for the first time.”

Harry keeps hoping he'll grow out of blushing. “Um,” he says, eloquently, gaze fixed on Nick's cock.

Nick laughs, but not unkindly. “Still want to do this?” he asks. “I don't mind at all if you've changed your mind, I promise.”

“No, I want to,” Harry says. He does, even though his heart's going so fast he thinks the beats might have started running together. “I do, I want it.”

Nick squeezes himself, almost absentmindedly. “Ever had anything in your bum before?”

He can't quite look at Nick when he answers. “Um, with Cazza - I - “

“He likes being fingered while I suck him off,” Caroline interrupts. “He nearly hit the roof the first time I did it, but now he asks me for it.”

“Mmm.” Nick's still stroking himself. “How many fingers have you taken?”

“Three?” Harry looks at Caroline for confirmation, and she nods. “Yeah, three.”

“Pretty good,” Nick says. “Shall we start with that, then, and see how we get on?”

Caroline picks the lube up off the bed. Nick must have got it out of the drawer while Harry was busy with his mouth on her. “Want me to get you ready, Harry?” she asks.

It’s not an easy question. Caroline always makes it feel good, and this way she’ll be a bit more included, but Harry’s been watching Nick’s hands, and he really wants Nick's fingers: so much longer than Caroline's, and thicker, too.

“Can you do it, Nick?” he says eventually. “I mean - Caroline knows how I like it, but I think her fingers might not be enough?”

“I'm not that big, Harry, but thanks for the compliment,” Nick says, smiling at him. “Why don't you get him started, Caz, my love, and I can finish him off?”

“I like the way you think, Grimshaw.” Caroline taps Harry on the bum. “Over on your front, then. You can have a pillow for under you if you like, everything's going to need a wash after this