I forbid it!” the oaf yells, and Rumpelstiltskin almost reminds the fool that it’s not his choice, but then he shouldn’t be surprised when she does it first.

“No one decides my fate but me!” she counters earnestly, and yes, he’s going to like this one.  “I shall go.”

“It’s forever, dearie,” he reminds her.  He does like to be certain.

The look she fixes him with is full of fire and spirit, more courageous and fierce than he has seen her thus far.  No, this one won’t trade her life away without certainty.  “My family, my friends… they will all live?”

“You have my word,” he promises with a little bow and flourish.

“Then you have mine,” she says, quietly, somberly, but with sincerity and courage.  “I will go with you forever.”

“Deal!” he screeches, laughing manically at the thought of all the good this little princess might do him.

Belle.  It suits her, a pretty name for a pretty face.  Rumpelstiltskin may be a monster, but he is not so far gone that he can’t appreciate a beautiful woman.  All he had wanted was a little plaything to have around the house and stave off loneliness, but if she also happens to be a lovely, vivacious princess for him to feast his eyes on, all the better.  He sidles up near her as she says her goodbyes, and takes a kind of sick satisfaction at the look of discomfort his closeness brings.

With a gleeful, self-satisfied kick in his step, he tugs his new pet along, holding her tightly against him as he leads her out the door.

After the handfasting, once they are officially joined as husband and wife, comes the feast.  The entire village joins the celebration, everyone bringing some extra bit of food or another, with their families preparing most of the food.

There is music and dancing, drinking and laughter.  He and Melinda, though, sit at a table by themselves, slowly eating as everyone comes over in turn and offers congratulations and good wishes.  A few people, mostly from their own families, bring small gifts and flowers.  Everyone is smiling, telling him how happy he should be, but Rumpelstiltskin feels only awkward and nervous.  He wishes they weren’t at the table alone.  He has so very little to say to her when they are not eating or thanking well-wishers.

She asks him questions as the evening wears on, about the village, the people here, the sheep.  He offers short answers, the best things he can think to say, but he doesn’t add much to the conversation, doesn’t elaborate or add any stories to the bare facts.  He wishes he had more to say, wishes he could think of something appropriate, and then actually have the nerve to speak the words.  Even he knows he ought to say something better to his new wife, something to make her feel welcome and wanted.  Finally, like some tiny miracle or a gift from a fairy, when she seems to have exhausted all her questions, his mind finds something that seems like a good idea.

“You, uh…” he starts, muttering, and she looks quite surprised to hear him speak.  “You look very pretty tonight.”  She isn’t a beautiful woman, but in her flowing dress, with flowers in her hair and a little smile, she does actually look nicer than he realized when he met her last night.  It is a flimsy compliment, but even so, she lights when he says it.  He isn’t sure if it’s because of the compliment itself, or the fact that he finally said something to her without prompting.

 “Thank you.”  She smiles, and looks down shyly.  It seems to ease the awkward tension between them somewhat, and after that, dinner is a little easier to bear.  That is, until the evening draws to a close, and suddenly everyone is all but yanking them out of their chairs and ushering them off towards the cottage that is now to be their home. 

With a flash of horror, Rumpelstiltskin realizes what is expected of him next, and for the second time that night, he considers simply running as far and as fast as he can.  But that option dies along with the heavy thud of the door behind him as they are pushed inside the house.  Being married was a terrifying enough thought – now he has to deal with what he’s expected to do next.  He is hardly a ladies’ man, and while he knows the basic mechanics of what to do, he will probably last all of thirty seconds, and he’ll be left humiliated, and things will only become more awkward between them.

He swallows hard, but he can’t seem to do anything about the horrified lump in his throat.  After a long minute, he realizes that Melinda hasn’t moved, and that it is very dark inside, only a few flickers of light streaming in from the fires still going outside.  Not