paper coffee mug in his fist. "I’ve been busy."

"I can tell." Crowley all but purred and Dean had to grit his teeth not to say anything but God, he wanted to smack the kid’s face against the lockers because he was obviously flirting with Cas. Fuck, wasn’t Cas aware?

"Cut it out, Fergus. I need my books." Cas said in that little whine of his that usually made Dean tremble with desire and fuck if it didn’t work just as well with this other boy, Dean could see even from this distance. He wondered angrily what kind of relationship Cas really had with this Crowley and what kind of parties they were talking about. He realized with increasing dread that he didn’t know much of anything about Cas’ social life.

Crowley laughed jovially and the boy that had been blocking Cas’ locker moved away when he nodded at him. "Sure, love. Wouldn’t want to impede on your studies."

Cas rolled his eyes again and it was very clear to Dean that the two boys were close friends, or something like it. His heart felt ice cold with the realization that Cas had a whole other life outside of Dean. He had known all along, of course, that logically Cas had friends and perhaps even past boyfriends with a body like that but he just hadn’t really realized until now how Cas maybe didn’t need him like he needed the boy. Fuck, his heart felt cold and his blood boiled at the same time, just thinking about Cas being embraced by someone else.

"Whatever, Fergus." Cas said and bent in to get his books.

Dean watched with eyes red from jealousy how one of the other boys arched an eyebrow at Cas’ round little ass and then shared a look with that Crowley kid. Crowley smirked and the boy grinned back in response before grabbing the waist band of Cas’ boxers and yanking them up, yelling "Wedgie!" at the top of his lungs before running off laughing with his friends. Dean crushed his paper mug and what was left of his coffee spilled out over his white-knuckled fist.

Cas yelped indignantly and turned a red face to Crowley who lingered, still smirking. "Pretty as ever, Cassie." Crowley leered and smacked Cas on his buttocks.

"Fuck you, Fergus." Cas bit out and tried to get his underwear under control even as he batted Crowley’s hand away.

"Any time, love." Crowley simpered and Dean was already making his way over to them.

"What’s going on here?" he demanded in his best teacher-voice and both boys turned to him.

"Nothing, Mr. Winchester." Crowley grinned and Dean wanted to sock him in his smug face.

"I-It’s alright, Mr. Winchester." Cas agreed and Dean couldn’t really look at him without betraying his feelings more than he already had.

"Get to class before I put you in detention." Dean hissed at Crowley who made a sour face.

"For what, talking to my friend?"

"Tardiness is not looked kindly upon, Mr. Crowley." Dean bit out and Crowley sneered at him but relented by walking away. Dean had no idea of knowing if he really went to class or just walked away to torment someone else but he didn’t care in the slightest. He was just concerned with getting that kid’s lecherous hands off of Cas and mission fucking accomplished.

"Dean." Cas mumbled in a low voice, his little hand suddenly on Dean’s flexing bicep. "It wasn’t that bad."

"He was fucking touching you." Dean hissed, his face inappropriately close to Cas’ stunned face. Fuck, the kid looked beautiful like this, all flushed and confused.

"Dean?"

"Come here." Dean grunted and dragged Cas with him to his office.

"I’m gonna be late, Dean." Cas whispered fervently as Dean pushed him inside and slammed the door shut behind them before grabbing Cas again and pressing him up against the door.

"I’ll write you a fucking slip." Dean growled and leaned in to mouth at the boy’s neck.

Cas keened and flung his head back. He pawed at Dean’s sides and Dean could feel the teen already fattening up in his jeans. God, he couldn’t get enough of Cas. He felt like a horny teenager himself just looking at the boy and like this, with Cas writhing in his arms, Dean got so hard so fast he saw little black spots dance around before his eyes.

"Dean, I don’t understand." Cas moaned and grabbed Dean’s shirt to pull him closer. "Are you mad?"

"You’re fucking right I’m mad." Dean stated heatedly and felt Cas jerk as if slapped. "But not at you, baby, never at you." He hastened to add and forced himself to calm down a little. He was beginning to realize he was scaring the boy, even though Cas was obviously aroused by Dean’s display of dominance.