online and I think Liz was actually giving me bad advice. I’m supposed to pivot you around my upper arm, not wrap my arm around your waist. Here, let me show you.” Alfred reached for Arthur’s hand and, to his surprise, Arthur gave it to him. They stepped into swing-out position. Alfred swung his arm back on the rock step to give him extra momentum and then bent down as Arthur danced toward him. He placed his arm higher on Arthur’s back, with the top of his arm resting just beneath Arthur’s armpit. Focusing on using all of his strength, Alfred lifted both arms in the air and swung them above his head to give Arthur a good launch.

Arthur yelped in surprise and Alfred barely managed to duck in time to avoid Arthur’s arm hitting him in the face. He heard a loud thump and opened his eyes to see Arthur falling to his hands and knees after landing too hard on the wooden floor. Biting his lip, Alfred quickly stepped forward and offered Arthur a hand up. “Oh god, are you okay?”

“That was nearly it!” Arthur cried, an excited grin on his face as he surged to his feet. “Let’s try it again!”

Even though Alfred suggested that he might want to sit down first before getting flung into the air again, Arthur was having none of it. He wanted to practice until they had the move absolutely right, as insistent and demanding as a school marm making Alfred write a sentence over and over again on the chalkboard. The second time went better, and by the fifth time, Alfred actually managed to grab Arthur’s elbow on the way down and help cushion his landing.

The feeling of getting a new move right filled him with exhilaration. The way Arthur was smiling—so happy and excited—probably helped too. Arthur’s good cheer was infectious, and even more satisfying because it was so rare.

“I’m still picking a song with a 20s aesthetic,” Arthur announced at the end of practice, once he had worn out Alfred with a few more flips. “And we’re going to practice six days a week until the competition.”

“Four days and a song written in the past decade,” Alfred countered.

“Five days and a song from the past two decades.”

“Deal!” Alfred cried and they shook on it.

“And you were wrong, by the way,” Arthur said as Alfred turned to leave. “I’m staying on for postgraduate work, so this won’t be my last chance at the Harvard Invitational.” For just a second, an adorable smile flashed across Arthur’s face, like a burst of sunlight on a cloud day. “But I think this might be my best shot yet.”

True fact, students at Harvard don’t have majors. They have “concentrations.”

BTW, if you want to vote for the song, now is your chance! I'm choosing between Booty Swing by Parov Stelar, Get Lucky by Flash Mob Jazz, and Careless Whisper by PostmodernJukebox. I'm also partial to The Room Where It Happens from the Hamilton musical, but it's kinda hard for Lindy Hop.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

With earbuds firmly planted in his ears, Alfred bounced along to the electro swing music as he followed Arthur into the thrift clothing store. The first thing he saw was a literal pile of clothes on the floor and several people squatting down as they rummaged through it. Signs advertised the pile of clothes as available for two dollars per pound. Alfred wasn’t an expert on clothes shopping, but even he was pretty sure that was a strange way to shop.

To his right was an assortment of costumes and accessories. Further into the store was men and women’s clothing organized by era. He followed Arthur through the tightly packed racks of used men’s clothing and wasn’t surprised when they ended up in the 1920s section.

Their new song matched the era perfectly and made Alfred grin. It had energy and a great name. He took out his earbuds and nudged Arthur as he browsed through the racks. “Do we got the swing booty?” he asked, wagging his eyebrows at Arthur. “We doooo!”

Arthur sighed the long-suffering sigh of someone who had just discovered a form of humor even worse than puns. “Let me guess. Another meme?”

“Yep.” Alfred nodded, rather pleased with himself.

“Well, if anyone asks, I don’t know you.” Arthur pulled out a pair of black slacks and gave them a discerning look. He glanced at the tag. “Hmm. What size do you wear?”

“First we’re strangers and now you want to know my size? Make up your mind, dude!”

“Fine. If you don’t want to tell me, go find some black trousers yourself,” Arthur replied, pressing the slacks against Alfred’s chest. He let go and turned back to the clothing rack.

Alfred had to scramble to grab the slacks before