couldn't place what it was. I just knew his gaze made me uncomfortable. It lingers for a second to long. 

"I have the other half of the set." He tells me. "It's important to me too, and I want to complete it. I've spent a very long time hunting it down, I'm  not going to be deterred by some woman who has sentimental feelings towards a tea cup." He says self righteously. I takes a lot of strength to not snap at him.

"What if Sandra tried to buy the other half off you? Then you wouldn't have to worry about completing it." I suggest. And then i could try to convince Sandra to sell the full set on some fancy collectors site.

He smiles down at me in the most condescending way and It makes my blood boil.

"I highly doubt your mother could afford that," he says. "Besides they're important to me too." 

"Well I -"

"My name is Greg Rowland," he cuts me off. "I'll be staying in Boston for a few more days at the Ritz and believe me, I'm not leaving here without that set, I'll be back."

What a self righteous prick, I thought. He turned on his heel without another word and walked down the street aways to hail a cab and then he was gone. My life probably would have turned out a lot differently had my mother just sold him the set and let him leave back to wherever the hell he came from, but that's not how it turned out. 

--

"A guest at the ritz? Wow..." My mom said, slightly impressed. She placed a sandwich down in front of me and then sat across from me taking a contemplative sip from her tea.

"So...is that set worth a lot then?" I ask, remembering what Rowland said about Sandra never being able to afford the second half. 

"Not really." She says with a shrug. "It's from the Edo time period so I'm pretty sure it's an inexpensive antique." 

I consider telling her what Rowland said but then decide against it, it's not like she'll ever sell the damn thing anyway.

"So I was kinda planning a trip up to cape cod for July." I say, "you know, have some fun, stay a few nights in a cheap hotel..." I don't tell her I'm planning on having it just be me and Viv.

"Oh? Well it gets pretty crowded down there in July, especially around The fourth. Do you think you'll be able to get a hotel?"

"Well....I guess I should call Viv." I say. Then I quickly add "and the others. Aha.... They might have an idea." I say sheepishly. I stand and shove my lunch dishes into the sink and make for the phone to ask Viv what she thinks. 

---

"Damn its hot." I say, wiping the sweat from my forehead. The sun was beating down and it was incredibly stifling. Me and my friends where working on our mandatory 40 volunteer hours needed to graduate by picking up trash from the park. We had each collecting a pretty substantial amount in the hour we've been at it. Just then a boy on a motorcycle zipped past us. He had sandy blonde hair, leather jacket, skin tight jeans and a bad boy attitude. I couldn't help but think he looked pretty cool. He glanced over at us as he drove past and for a brief moment we made eye contact. Then he was speeding by and whipping around a corner out of sight. Dennis lifted his chin in his direction.

"That was Cass. 'Mr. Held back'." He mocks. Christopher glances over.

"Yeah. He doesn't play any sports or do any volunteer hours, half the time he doesn't even show up to school. Hundred bucks says he drops out."

Dennis and Christopher are both the kinda guys that fly under the radar. Christopher is over weight and has zero sense of style, he only ever wears cargo shorts and nerdy graphic tees. Dennis is the exact opposite. He's tall and lanky with freckles and glasses, his sense of style is slightly better. Mostly just jeans and button down shirts. They've been my best buds since we banded together in elementary school and by the grace of god we all ended up at the same high school together. In grade nine Vivi became best friends with Sue and she quickly became apart of our group and Christopher fell hopelessly in love with her. Maggie, Dennis' friend from the debate team followed soon after that. 

"You know I've heard rumours about that guy," says Dennis, checking over his shoulder. "I heard he whores himself out in that sketchy part of down town."

I frown at that, slightly uncomfortable. Thats a pretty serious rumour to be throwing around about someone you don't even know.

"Seriously? Wow...He must be a