’t 

want me to spank you?” Harry taunted, slowly taking off his suit jacket. Louis whined. 








“Fine. But… not too much… I said I was sorry.” Louis agreed, unbuttoning his pants.








“Wouldn’t dream of it.” 








-








“Ahh… H- Harry! It hurts!” Louis whined, pushing his bum in the air, when Harry pressed down on his back.








“Supposed to, love. It’s punishment. Just means you’re learning your lesson.” Harry said, bringing his hand down again on the boy’s naked ass.








“I- I learned!” Louis cried out, on the verge of tears. Another smack came down, on his left cheek. The more neglected cheek. 








“Hmm...let’s see.” Harry said, gripping Louis’ cheeks, spreading them. “Nope. Another minute, possibly. We’ll see.” Harry said, smacking his hand down on Louis’ right, red globe, making it jiggle. Louis whined. 








“I- I thought y- you weren’t going h- hard!” Louis protested, gripping onto the sheets. Harry smacked him twice more. 








“I agreed to not giving you too many. You’ve only taken, what? Twenty bare? And ten with those lovely panties of yours for protection. Doesn’t seem like enough to me. Now, hush up unless you want another twenty, with the paddle, or possible the spoon. Yeah, maybe you need that. Teach my boy a lesson he won’t forget.” Harry thought out loud, knowing it turned the boy on like nothing else. Louis loved hearing how Harry was going to handle him, as if he couldn’t hear him. 








“N- No!” Louis shouted, wanting to cover his sore bum, but unable to since the man’s tie was holding his hands against the head posts. 








“Oh, yes. I think I’ll go get that right now. Don’t move.” Harry smirked, knowing the boy was incapable anyways. Louis just groaned. 








“You’re not funny!” Louis shouted as Harry went downstairs to get the item.








“I know you love my stupid jokes!” Harry argued back, already coming back u with the tool. 








“Ready?” Harry asked, tapping the spoon down lightly. Louis nodded. 








The first smack came down, hard. “Words, Louis.” Harry reprimanded. 








“Y- Yes,” Louis said, biting the sheets. Another smack came down, making the boy whine. 








“How many’s that, love?” Harry asked, knowing he was getting close to the boy’s limit. 








“T- Two,” He stuttered, rubbing his sweaty forehead against the sheets. 








Harry brought the spoon down three last times, in quick succession, then tossed it to the ground and rubbed the boy’s bottom, relieving some of the pain.








“I- I thought it was going t- to be playful.” Louis huffed, biting his lip. 








Harry tapped his bum. “Nope. Naughty boys get red bottoms. But now you’re my good boy again. Such a good boy.” Harry praised, giving Louis a kiss behind his ear. 








“I’m your good boy, again?” Louis asked, turning his head to face the man. 








“Always my good boy, you just do naughty things sometimes. But all is forgiven if you learned your lesson, baby.” Harry said, getting the lotion from the nightstand, figuring Louis had used it earlier. Then he remembered their phone call, and nodded to himself. 








“Want lotion on that bum? I don’t think it’d feel very nice after a spanking, but you can choose.” Harry smirked, loving making the boy ask for things like this. He knew it humiliated him. 








“Y- Yes, please.” Louis said, hiding his face. 








“Yes please, who?” Harry stressed, climbing on the bed behind the boy. 








“Yes please, Daddy.” Louis finished, rubbing his cock down against the mattress. 








“Keep that bum up, Louis.” Harry tsked, lightly smacking it. Louis listened, arching it back up. 








Harry then reached down, in between the boy’s legs, grabbing ahold of his leaking member, jerking the boy off. Louis moaned, whined and begged for Harry to go faster. Harry just kept his slow pace, telling the boy to be patient. 








“N- Ngh…” Louis moaned, desperate to cum. Harry just ignored him, letting go of the boy’s dick and grabbing his balls, giving them a squeeze. Louis yelped, pushing back, wanting to relieve some of the pleasurable pain. 








“Bum up, love. I’m not asking again.” Harry scolded, tightening his grip on Louis’ package. 








“H- Hurts…” Louis whined. 








“I know you like it rough.” Harry said, but gentled his hold just a bit. He wanting Louis to be able to cum. 








“T- Thank you, D- Daddy.”