their rides, just more faces in the crowd. Resistance faded away, allowing them to pick up speed and retrieve their motorcycles, short pause held as the ex Commander of the Survey Corps stuck his right arm out, grabbing a smaller palm in his grip and squeezing tight. Levi looked down with a smile, mumbled utterance quiet and joyful.

"I missed that hand."

A rendezvous point had been arranged, five souls meeting up in a deserted lane to discuss tactics - sirens blared and tensions were high, to be caught together wouldn't do.

"Where do you live?"

"North of the city, not far out." Mike had answered the tanned youth's query, him and the other huge man only a few houses apart in a leafy borough. "You?"

"Soho."

"Great. Right in mod territory."

"Oi! Just because these guys are blinded by lust, doesn't mean we have to put up with you dirty Teddy Boys!"

"Eren, we're not fucking Teddy Boys! Don't you little dicks have any idea?"

Ignoring the tirade, Mikasa rolled her eyes and stepped in, suggesting suburbia to be a safer option until new clothes could be arranged, badges of their lives swapped for less noticeable attire and she tried to placate the warring men, the remaining two oblivious as they stood facing one another.

"Erwin…"

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry."

"What for Levi?" Warm palms cupped porcelain cheeks and angled their owner's face upwards, nothing but adoration in blue eyes. "What could you possibly need to apologise to me for?"

"For letting you go." Hugging tight, they conveyed more than could be spoken and absorbed each other's essences again as memories suddenly became clear in the tallest male's mind; the decision to inject someone else, the fierce battle of emotions that Levi must have gone through ever since then, self hatred and doubt. "For not saying goodbye."

"No need for that. You saved me from becoming a greater monster than I already was. Besides, I always knew we'd meet up again. Wasn't expecting it to happen like this, though."

They laughed, surreal situation getting closer as angry mobs started to creep further into town and away from the law enforcement by the coast. Bikes were mounted, engines kicked into life and the blonde looked over at his old team, his man, his reason to carry on and honest curiosity took hold before they sped away into the rainy late afternoon.

"What was in that basement, anyway?"

Levi grinned with devilish mirth and twisted the handles, revs growling and loud.

"Oh Erwin, you are never going to fucking believe what we found."

 

Originally a one shot, I had to make this a little longer ;)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Despite the pouring rain, none of the riders cared, all speeding away from violence and towards serene suburbia, two men having to hold back on their throttles as the powerful bikes contained more horsepower than the small Vespas buzzing along in their wake. Mike glanced over, cocked a brow in Erwin's direction as they squinted against the wet weather and he threw his head backwards as if to say 'what fucking idiots.' The recently united male smiled, eyes back on the road and he checked his mirrors, Levi's upright form still close behind, smartly tailored jacket flapping in the wind. 

They travelled with intent, no stops along the way and soon the main arterial route to England's capital was reached, direction taken that bypassed the centre and avoided the mod's homes. As agreed, they'd aimed straight for North London, rocker's houses on the same leafy street as one another as they kept near, a connection to their past lives requiring proximity. Something was up ahead, a regular hang-out where dozens of their comrades would be - to zip through followed by nancy boys could spell disaster so the leader signalled left, sending his troops down quiet residential streets instead. 

An unassuming home came into view, sensible and sturdy just like the owner and Erwin kicked his stand down, helmet removed and fingers raking through messy hair. The garage was hoisted open and bikes hurried inside, hiding the evidence of a cordial bond which should never occur, two sides fraternising against what society dictated. Closing up, he sighed and grabbed a cloth, checked it over for stains and deemed it suitable, face wiped and white soggy scarf removed. 

Eren twitched and jumped in the corner, behaviour suggesting he'd taken something mid-journey and Levi tutted, staring around with a sneer at the oily, greasy equipment and machine parts, scent of petrol thick in his nose. 

"What, are you some kind of mechanic?"

"Yes." Erwin scowled, tossing his makeshift towel to one side. "What do you do?"

"I look good." Straightening his now soaked suit, the pale man adjusted clothing and wished he hadn't thrown his parka away so stupidly. Dark hair dripped, previously swept-back style now more like it used to