. 

 

“It didn’t… suit him.” Akaashi states almost cautiously. He doesn’t look Tooru in the eye, and instead pours himself a large glass of water from the jug, maybe to fill the silence with the sound of something.

 

Tooru stays still for a few more moments, and then finally pushes through. He laughs, fanning his hands out dismissively and gives one of his winning smiles. 

 

“Keiji-chan and pudding are so dramatic. Honestly, Keiji-chan, you have to stop reading those murder mysteries.” He hums happily and Akaashi glances over at Suga, taking an elegant sip of his water. 

 

“Are you sure you’d be comfortable with Kuroo returning?” Tooru can’t help but resent the way Akaashi talks to him, as if he’s treading on fin ice. Yeah sure, okay, maybe things don’t always run smoothly between Tooru and Kuroo. But it’s not like Tooru isn’t a sensible, reliable, handsome and intelligent adult. 

 

After all, if Oikawa Tooru is anything, it is a professional. 

 

“What? Why would I—no? Not—never. I’ll— I’ll be fine.” Smooth, Tooru, smooth. 

 

“There’s no shame in being a little… unnerved about this Oikawa, after everything that’s happened…” Tooru’s frown deepens, trying to shake off the weird way Suga’s concern gets under his skin. 

 

“Why would I be unnerved?” This time, Suga and Akaashi shamelessly glance at each other without even trying to be subtle. 

 

“Because the two of you have history.” Akaashi states.

 

“Because you’ve fucked.” Suga adds, with no sugar coating. 

 

“Sua-chan! Don’t be so vulgar.” Tooru whines. 

 

“Sorry. Because you’ve exchanged bodily fluids.” Suga grins, as if he thinks he’s actually made some kind of clever pun. Akaashi and Tooru just gape. 

 

“Suga-chan, marriage has changed you. That wasn’t very refreshing at all.” Suga humphs and crosses his arms. 

 

“Whatever.” he mutters. 

 

“Look, refreshing-kun, Keiji-chan, honestly I’ll be fine, it will be fine. I am a mature, responsible adult who can deal with uncomfortable situations.” the two raise their eyebrows, again, and don’t say another thing about it. However, the exchange in glances for the rest of the night were unmissable. 

 

***

 

Come next morning, Tooru was indeed not fine. Not fine at all. If there was a scale of how unfine Tooru was, with the units being from ‘I can’t do this here’s a gun and do your worst’ too ‘moderately fine’, Tooru doesn’t think he’d even make the scale in the first place. 

 

Somewhere along the night Suga had finally decided to return home, pushing through his giddy teenager moment to find a string of worried text messages from Daichi (who even after two years, is only just coming accustomed to Suga’s unpredictable movements) and begrudgingly shoving the wine bottle towards Tooru and Akaashi, “go nuts.” 

 

It had only taken one guilty glance between the two of them before the wine glasses were cracked out, and Tooru finally found himself relaxing into the familiar giddy embrace of alcohol. He must of somehow ended up at his house and made it to bed (Akaashi had probably kicked him out of a taxi and then tucked him— he only pretends not too care)  because the next morning he’s woken up from the shelter of his duvet by the shrill sound of his telephone, cutting through the hazy fog in his head and drawing him (reluctantly) to the land of the living. He had a string of weird dreams, sown together by some sort of elusive concept of time he doesn’t really understand. He remembers cardboard rockets and make-shift fishing nets, the flutter of a massive butterflies wing and a toothy grin too wide and too happy to belong to the scowling muscly man he’d met the night before. 

 

He answers the house phone, stumbling into the kitchen, with a potent “what.” 

 

It’s Inuoka, and he’s practically begging down the phone for Tooru to come into work. 

 

“Please, Oikawa-senpai” he whines in a hushed tone, “the office is falling apart without you. Yaku-senpai might tear his hair out with stress and Lev’s driving everyone insane, and the sudden arrival of Kuroo-san’s got what little staff we have in going nuts.” there’s a pause, and Tooru groans childishly. 

 

“But I don’t wanna, Inuoka-chan, I still have one more day of leave.”

 

“Please, Oikawa-senpai, I know it is but— we need you.” Oikawa huffs, still pouting and feeling a little peeved. Inuoka seems to know how to work people in a way that he gets what he wants out of them. He uses just about the right amount of senpais to give off a passable impression that he