strip of fabric around his fingers and back again, unsure of what he wants to say. He knows what Keith wants to talk about; it’s on both of their minds, after all. He’s just not sure if he’s the right person for the job.

He has to say something though, right? Something would surely be better than nothing. So he opens his mouth. Even still, he can’t bring himself to address the question directly. So he starts from the beginning.

“What do you mean?”

A flicker of relief crosses the smaller boy’s face, and his frown starts to prick back up into a smile. But then exasperation sets in and then a pointed, seething anger.

“You know damn well what I’m talking about, Hunk,” he says, practically hissing the words.

It’s different from Keith’s explosive, stress-induced malice from the other day. There’s a harshness in the way Keith says Hunk’s name; it seeps through the space between them like acid, but it’s not directed at him. No, it’s to somewhere else, for someone else, an entity that Hunk can’t even begin to conceptualize but feels all the same. It’s anger and frustration at the world, at the universe, at the stardust for aligning things in just the way they have. It’s ambivalence and anxiety about what’s to come, about whether or not Hunk will give him the time of day and listen to what he has to say.

So Hunk does.

“Okay.” he says, lowering his voice to a whisper, ears open for any wandering eavesdropper outside. “The Galra that you saved.”

Keith breathes a sigh of relief and nods, jumping into his thoughts before he even realizes he’s doing so.

“I couldn’t just leave him there.”

It’s the truth, or part of it, anyway. The way he explains it is simple: the sight of the Galra, trapped in layers of glass and metal more claustrophobic than a coffin, something inside him stirred. Visions flew in and out of his mind, visions of thick, yellow acid suddenly bubbling up and tearing right through their skin without so much as a trace left behind. Of pained screams vibrating along the Weblum’s fuchsia and gray organs, making them shiver. Of the utter silence that would follow and how, in just seconds, the world would have forgotten both of them.

Hunk can practically feel the stomach acid crawling up his arms as Keith explained his thought process, his age-old queasiness threatening to reappear from the rock it had hidden under for so many months. But Hunk can’t be distracted here, can’t show this sign of weakness, not when Keith, more vulnerable than him, needs someone to hear him out.

It’s then that Keith’s words from earlier cross his mind. That they couldn’t just leave people to die because they were Galra. He thought of how many soldiers they had slaughtered in battle, how many corpses they had left behind. But this case had been different. They hadn’t entered the Weblum looking for a fight, but to scavenge for supplies instead. They had time to think about their actions, had time to plan out whether or not fighting that one lone soldier would have been worth it.

“Well, it’s like you said earlier, right? That we can’t just leave people to die because they are Galra.”

“But letting him rot would have been the best choice. It would have been for the good of the universe.” Keith hesitates before adding, “It’s probably what Allura would do.”

Hunk shakes his head. “Forget her. You’re you. What would Keith do?”

Keith stares at Hunk slack-jawed, unsure of how to answer. Hunk seizes the opportunity to squeeze in next to Keith, sealing himself in the space between the wall and the other boy’s hip, putting an arm around his shoulders and crushing him against his body.

“I think Keith would, one hundred and ten percent, destroy anyone that deserved it. But in that same token, I also think that he wouldn’t kill someone if the situation didn’t necessitate it in the moment. It’s one thing to kill someone in battle, but it’s something completely else to leave someone to die a long, drawn out death. It’s,” Hunk takes in a deep breath, afraid to say the next word, “Torture. And that’s not something you do. It’s not something that any of us do.”

Keith leans into the hug hesitantly, as if he’s ready for Hunk’s display of affection to crumble into deceit, mumbling quietly about something that can barely be recognized.

“I just…it’s not just that.” Keith bites his lip nervously, turning to meet Hunk’s gaze with a watery film over his eyes. He blinks it away before he continues,