s head was a large red canister like helmet, and connected to it was a deep red cape.

                Gordon shook his head slightly and wondered when masks and capes were his new definition of normal.

                “Pleasure to meet your acquaintance Comish. I go by Red Hood.” The man said while standing straight once more, his cape cresting over his shoulders. Gordon couldn’t figure out where exactly to look… the mask was entirely blank. At least Batman’s mask had eyes he could attempt to meet.

                His stance was stiff and his hand was slowly moving towards his gun as unnoticeably as possible. He watched as Red Hood leaned one arm against the signal and crossed his legs. The man tilted his head and there was a sound of a huffed sigh.

                “Y’know Comish, a guy could get jealous with all these goodies going to Bats. He’s not the only caped-crime-fighter in this town… even if he is the most dreamy. Or… nightmare-y depending on which side of the line you’re standing on. I mean I understand the desire to mark the city with a giant Bat in the sky, let the little people scurrying about know Bats is real. Can you believe some people still think anyone’s crazy when they mention Batsy? I get the urban legend thing he’s got going, but you’d think if enough people claim sightings Gotham would get it.”

                Gordon could barely believe his ears. He’s not exactly sure what half this guy is saying, he seemed to be rambling. Still not letting his guard down he however let his body language relax slightly. Best to let the guy think he was comfortable and let him drop his guard first.

                “A lot of people still believe in Santa Claus, how is this any different? I mean think about it; a fat man in red breaking into people’s places and leaving pretty packages? While riding reindeer rooftop to rooftop? Sometimes the world just seems so loose in the head. Heheh,” Red hood chuckled lightly as he made elaborate hand motions along his speech. After his laugh he seemed to stiffen for a moment before leaning once more on the signal.

                Before Gordon had a chance to ask about his strange body language, a deep voice came from behind him.

                “The people who believe in Santa Claus are children, Hood. Adults are much more skeptical and cynical about things. Usually.”

                Gordon spun on his heel, surprised to see Batman standing not three feet behind him. Dropping his shoulders, as well as his hand from his gun, he let out a heavy sigh. “You should invest in a bell. You’ll give me a heart attack at this rate.”

                Batman only hummed softly and Gordon knew that no such thing would happen.

                “What are you doing here Hood?”

                “Well, good evening to you too Batsy. I thought I’d pop in to see who put up the blinker. I mean your signature is practically all over it and it seemed like the place to be tonight. Where ever you are usually is.” Red Hood patted the signal that was still on with something Gordon thought looked like affection. He sternly told himself he didn’t want to know.

                “I see you two know each other,” Gordon said while turning back to Batman, “So are there any other masked vigilantes I should know about out there, or are you and the Red guy it?”

                “Red Hood, thank you very much. Hoody for short if you must.”

                Gordon stared at him for a moment. “I’ll… stick with just Red Hood.”

                For some reason, Red Hood let out a snicker at that and seemed to be holding in more laughter. Only raising an eyebrow he turned to Batman to give him a look asking what that was all about. If he didn’t know better Gordon would call the look the Bat gave back one of slight embarrassment. He was distracted by Hood saying something under his breath that sounded like ‘just batman’.

                The Commissioner’s folder of ‘things to not think about’ was growing thicker. Batman turned to Gordon for a moment and told him, “There’s no one else on my radar Commissioner. The rest are all mad men and egomaniacs.”

                “I’m the only other one crazy enough to do this hapless heroic hobby!” Red Hood chuckled. The look Batman shot him chilled Gordon’s spine. He couldn’t help but think to himself that they were total opposites in just about everything. The man couldn’t see it because of the mask, but he had a pretty good feeling Red Hood was smiling at Batman.

                Red Hood seemed to get himself together and finally stepped away from the Bat Signal. He made his way over to them both and put his hands on his hips. “So… Back to my original question before this entire bunny trail hopping, when can I expect a Red Signal? I was thinking the shape of a spade,” he pulled a red metal spade out from behind him and held it out to Gordon, “it’s sort