and he didn’t even know why. He had hugged Cas before and it had never felt like this. Had felt nice, sure, but not like he was burning up. Was it because Cas was basically naked? Was it because he had seen the rapture on Cas’ face as he reached orgasm? Was it because Dean had come from seeing it? He wasn’t sure but he didn’t think so, he still felt uncomfortable and kind of embarrassed because of it.

Cas was just... Just fitted against Dean.

Thank you, Dean. Cas mumbled and Dean thought he sounded a little sleepy.

On a whim, Dean reached down and pulled the pin free from his pocket only to slide it into Cas hair, next to the other one. Cas had once shown him how, for fun, and all the girls had laughed as Dean practiced on himself but now he was kind of glad for it.

Don’t mention it. Dean almost whispered and felt odd about his own voice.

Cas reached a hand up to touch the bees on the pins, smiling at Dean, his head titled back and they were so close. Cas’ nose almost touched Dean’s cheek and Dean could feel his breath ghosting over his neck as he imagined Cas could feel Dean’s breath on his cheek.

Dean’s body felt weird. It was taut and lax at the same time, his breathing felt labored and Cas was still watching him closely. His eyes never strayed from Dean’s but Dean still felt as if Cas really saw him; saw his whole body and soul laid bare.

Then suddenly Dean flicked his gaze down to Cas’ lips and he saw them part in surprise before he leaned down, his mind blank.

Cas’ lips were pink and plump and fuck, they fitted so effortlessly against Dean’s that he almost wanted to laugh with relief.

But God, it also felt so nice. Cas tasted so good and his body was heated against Dean’s even through Dean’s clothes. This... This was everything there was.

Then suddenly it wasn’t. Cas was suddenly wrenching his head to the side and pushing at Dean’s chest, trying to get away.

Dean. Cas gasped and Dean took perverted pride in hearing Cas sound so breathless after only a closed mouth kiss. Dean, what are you doing?

I... Shit, Dean couldn’t explain it himself. All the niceness left the moment in a sudden rush. Fuck. What the hell was he doing? He was supposed to be Cas’ friend, not take advantage of him. And he was supposed to be straight. He suddenly got afraid of himself and when Cas pushed again he let the smaller boy go.

Don’t do this, Dean. Cas almost pleaded and Dean wasn’t entirely sure what he was talking about. You-You’re Lisa’s boyfriend and I just can’t deal with you like this. Not you.

Dean was realizing with frightening dread that Cas was probably thinking that Dean indeed was taking advantage of him. No, no, Cas. I-I didn’t mean—

Save it, Dean. Cas interrupted, his voice strangely thick and he was already making his way off the bed to collect his clothes. Just leave. Go find your girlfriend.


Cas—



Don’t.


Dean felt like he was suffocating. He had ruined everything and he didn’t even know what it was he had ruined. Their friendship for sure but what else? There was something else but he couldn’t say what. All he could think was how he couldn’t breathe and how having Cas close would solve that. Dean had never felt like this before.

But Cas was pushing him away, not physically anymore because he had put the bed between Dean and himself as he pulled his pants back on, but emotionally by not even looking at Dean. Cas had trusted Dean with his secrets and with his emotions and Dean felt like he had just thrown everything under a bus. He couldn’t move. He just sat there, motionless and when Cas turned in the door to look at him his heart ached painfully. Cas opened his mouth as if to say something but then shut it again and left, leaving Dean to sit there and stew.

After Dean eventually left he finally found Lisa, asleep in Bela’s room. He stood for a long moment, looking at her and trying to think but his mind was just full of white noise, before he climbed in beside her.

She stirred as he arranged them so that he was on his back with her against his side, one arm slung around her shoulders.

Dean? she mumbled, her speech slurred with both alcohol and sleep.

Yeah. He answered, his voice surprisingly steady.

She sighed contentedly and hugged him closer. I missed you.

Yeah. He mumbled again and could think of nothing else to say because what would that be? I kissed someone else. I kissed a boy. And I liked it. I kissed Cas. And I... He lay for a