"What?" He turns to face Dean.

"Take my phone." Dean offers it to him. "You don’t have a cell, right? Otherwise you wouldn’t you be ringing me from a phone booth." He steps closer. "I’m not a bad guy, Cas. I swear." He holds the phone between them, jaw firm, eyes boring into Cas’ pleadingly.

He seems honest enough.

"How will I return it to you?" Castiel asks, reaching for the object tentatively.

"Call Sam." Dean nods towards the phone. "He’s my brother. We live together."

Castiel nods.

Dean doesn’t back away. He opens his mouth like he wants to say something but decides against it. Then, he turns and walks to his car. Playing with his keys for a moment, he looks up and calls Castiel’s name.

"Just… be careful, okay?"

Castiel nods his affirmative. 

He waits for Castiel to disappear around the corner before getting into his car and driving home. Tossing his keys into the bowl, he discards his extra clothes and takes Sam’s phone from his room quietly.

He slumps onto the couch and scrolls down to his own name in Sam’s contact list. He blows out air and taps the phone against his hand. Maybe he should drop Cas a text. Just in case. To make sure he got home safe.

Before he can change his mind, he types out a message.


Cas. its Dean, u get home ok?


And then he waits.

And waits.

He glances up at the clock to see more than twenty minutes have gone past.

Fuck it, he thinks and dials his cell’s number.

It rings and rings and Dean’s halfway to hanging up before the call connects.

"Gabriel’s Escort Service, how may we serve you tonight?"

Dean’s brows furrow. "Where’s Cas?"

"I’m sorry, Cupcake is unavailable right now, but if you give me your name I’m sure I can book him in fo-"

There’s a tussle on the end of the phone and then, "Give me the phone Gabe! I swear to God, if you don’t-"

"Cas?" Dean asks, confused at what he’s supposed to be listening to.

"Dean." Cas greets after clearing his throat. "No Gabe, he’s not interested in your services, thank you." Dean hears a door slam and then Cas sighs into the phone.

"I’m sorry about that." He says quietly.

"It’s fine…?"

"My brother, Gabriel, has a habit of interfering."

Dean shakes his head. "It’s fine. I was just ringing to uh-… see if you got home okay." Dean screws his eyes shut and berates himself because he sounds like a goddamn worried housewife.

"I arrived home without any further trouble. Thank you, for um… checking up on me."

"Anytime man."

Its gets too quiet after that but neither of them hang up and it slips into awkwardness before Dean asks, "You workin’ tomorrow too?"

"Yes! Yes, tomorrow too." Castiel sounds grateful for his subject change. "I finish at the same time."

"Oh."

"Yes." Castiel understand his concern. "I… never mind."

"No. Tell me."

Castiel sighs. "I was wondering if… you wanted to um-… see me tomorrow?"

There’s a splutter of something akin to a denial on Dean’s lips before Castiel adds, "To collect your cell phone, of course."

"Yeah, yeah sure. Of course. I’ll be there." His agreement sounds too enthusiastic, even for his ears, and he cringes slightly.

"Same time?"

"Okay."

"Okay then."

"Okay." Dean repeats and smacks his forehead because he’s an idiot and Cas is too fucking hot to be even slightly interested in him.

The moment Dean had laid eyes on those pretty blue eyes, and perfectly pink lips, he’d wanted to know everything about him. And not in the creepy stalker way. More in the I-want-to-spend-the-rest-of-my-life-with-you-or-even-just-one-night-if-you’ll-let-me way.

He’s drawn out of his thoughts by a shout in the background on Cas’ end.

"When you’re done jerkin’ off with your boyfriend, I’d like to go to bed!"

"He’s not my-" Cas starts to deny but stops halfway and sighs tiredly like he's used to this sort of behaviour from his brother. "Go to sleep Gabe, I’m done!"

"I have to go Dean." Castiel says in a hushed voice, presumably to keep his brother satisfied. "But thank you. For tonight."

"No problem buddy."

"No, really. You didn’t