shirt and pulls out a piece of string with something attached to it.

As Nerris drops the necklace into Harrison's hand, he takes a closer look at it. It's a scuffed and worn blue die, glued to a ring that was hooked onto a piece of twine.

"That was the first die I ever cast, it's always brought me good luck, and it's one of my most precious possessions." Nerris explained, seeing his confused look.

Harrison's eyes went wide. He clasped the string around his neck and grinned happily and he felt warm all over. He brought Nerris into a big bear hug and squeezed her tighter when she returned it. They were inseparable until curfew.

In another area of the camp, Dolph patiently waits for David's return in the counselor's cabin.

Gwen watches with double vision as David leaves, barely picking up her head from her slouched position at her desk. Getting up, staggering, she pops a couple pills and chugs the last bit of her whisky, knowing she has a couple more bottles stashed away. As the sweet brown liquid burns her throat, she throws the empty bottle out the window with surprisingly good aim for her severely impaired state. The sound of smashing glass echoes in her ears.


Gwen then opens the door to her room and the strong and pungent smell of weed wafts out. Dolph can smell it from across the room. Entering, her body collapses on her bed and she passes out, leaving Dolph to wait alone until David gets back.

Shortly after.

After talking to, and releasing Max and Neil, David returns to the counselor's cabin and puts on his serious face before entering. Opening the door, he sees Dolph patiently and nervously waiting in a chair.

Ever since the Nurf incident, David has been contemplating corporal punishment, and since Dolph had let two campers out of his sight, and put them in a potentially harmful situation, this seemed like an appropriate response. 

"Dolph I don't think you realize how bad you messed up today. You let two campers escape when it's the counselors responsibility to make sure all the campers are safe. If Max and Neil had hurt themselves while out of your supervision, I don't think we could allow you to be counselor again." David informs, stern and unwavering.

Dolph gasps, "Please, David no!"

"However this is your first offense but this, this still warrants a spanking as punishment. Come here and lay across my lap." David commands, patting his thigh.

Dolph does as told, laying across David's legs. He feels the sting of the first swat on his rear, but the thing is, Dolph kind of enjoys the pain and lets out a little moan shortly after the second. 

Feeling that his lesson wasn't really getting through, David pulled down Dolph's trousers and underwear, exposing his slightly red bum to the air. When David administers a third strike, Dolph howls at the painful contact that is no longer padded by his clothing. 

Dolph doesn't know what exactly was going on, he just knew that this felt really good and he wanted David to keep going.

"Come on, David! I've been a bad boy, I deserve to be punished." Dolph whined wiggling his hips for emphasis.

"I know, that's what I'm doing." David says, still not getting it.

With a fourth powerful hit to Dolph's red butt, Dolph moans and begs, "Harder!" 

Something in David is starting to enjoy this. With a fifth strike Dolph squirms, desperately rubbing his small erection against David's thigh.

David squints his eyes at the boy in his lap.  "He's liking this, he's liking the pain. That's kinda hot."  With this newfound information, David cocks his hand back and smacks Dolph's butt as hard as he can. 

Out of nowhere, Dolph yells "Spank me harder, Daddy!" as he comes on David. He quickly covers his mouth when he realizes what he's said.

David is so turned on he can barely maintain control. His own erection is grinding up against Dolph's small body. He hasn't let loose in a long time and these campers were really pushing his limit.

"Uh, David?" Dolph was getting nervous now, "I took it too far, I'm sorry!" he struggled to leave David's lap, but David had his arms wrapped around his middle in an iron grip.

"You think you're a better camp counselor than me?" David hisses in Dolph's ear, making the younger boy squirm more, "You let two campers out of your sight, and then left them in a cage. I should never let you be counselor again." Dolph squirmed some more, "But how about we make a deal?" David licks the shell of Dolph's ear, and one of his hands makes it's way up Dolph's shirt.

Dolph cries out as he feels David harshly pinch