the heavier details but enjoyed talking about Freida and in turn, discovered about Ymir's family. Her father died when she was young from alcoholism and Ymir thought he was a waste of space anyway and 'better of without him'.

Even though she was sad for the other girl, Historia couldn't help but feel relieved to find someone else who had a difficult childhood.

"Oh shit, look at the time," the blonde suddenly exclaimed as she check her phone, realising it was 7:30 Ymir however began to laugh.

"Sorry it's just the first time I've ever heard you swear, I didn't think you had it in you," the brunette chuckled.

Historia blushed. "Anyway I'm sorry for staying so late, I'd better go," she gathered up her pens and books, stuffing them into her bag.

"Nah don't be, it was fun," Ymir admitted as she led her blonde friend down the stairs and into the hallway.

From the kitchen doorway Ymir's mum appeared wearing a blue apron and wielding a wooden spoon. "Ymir, why don't you ask your lovely friend if she wants to stay for dinner?"

"Eh?" her daughter responded before shooting her mother a glare. "Uh so yeah do you want to stay for dinner?"

"Ah um-" she was definitely hungry and returning to an empty house yet… "That's very kind, thank you, but my dad already cooked dinner at home. Thanks for the invitation Mrs – um Miss-"

"Call my Ilse, my dear." Ymir's mother responded happily. "That's okay, next time you come I'll insist you stay for dinner though!"

Ymir held the door open as her blonde friend bid goodbye and recited another set of 'thank yous' before disappearing into the evening. As she stood and watched the blonde walk away, Ymir frowned remembering Historia specifically saying her dad was away at the moment.

i was quite stuck with this chapter. i have it all planned out after a certain point but i'm not at that point yet so

also whoever wanted to translate my other fic into Vietnamese, haha i'm so flattered :) i approved it but it wouldnt let me message the person back and say thanks.

[Annie's POV]

"Good Morning Annie Lionbreath!"

It was Wednesday morning and Annie sat in her usual seat when her friend arrived and slung her arm around her shoulder. Having Maths as the first lesson shouldn't make anyone this cheerful.

"Ugh, why are you in such a good mood?" she demanded as her taller friend beamed at her.

"I think the question is: why aren't you?" Ymir laughed as her blonde friend glared at her.

"I think the question I'm really interested in is: why didn't you answer my calls yesterday? I wanted to see you," Annie moaned and rested her head on Ymir's shoulder.

"Ohhh yeah sorry I was busy. Historia came round and we worked on our project for Hanji. We got an awful lot done actually-"

"What did you say?" Annie's head shot up and she stared at her friend angrily.

"She came round, so what? We're taking this project seriously, like you should be. Aren't you working with Berthodlt?"

"Tch, yeah I'm just making him do it all. He gets on my fucking nerves," Annie slumped down on her desk and rested her head on her arms. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Miss Perfect walk in with her stupid friend, Mina.

"Hi Ymir, how are you?"

Ugh, she was standing by Ymir's desk talking to her like they were actually friends. Annie just wanted her to fuck right off but her idiot friend Ymir was grinning like the idiot she was.

"Hey Historia, I'm great. How about you? We got so much work done yesterday,"

After a few minutes of cringing conversation, Historia returned to her desk looking way too happy with herself. Annie turned her head to snarl at Ymir.

"You realise you're the only pair who are going to each other's houses like little fucking gays and working on this stupid space project,"

"Annie you're so cute when you're jealous," Ymir mocked with a laugh and received a fierce glare.

x

[Historia's POV]

Historia's mood was untouchable; everything felt like it was going perfectly. Every time she thought about what happened yesterday, a warm fuzzy feeling made its way into her stomach. It was amazing how well things were going; she and Ymir had been working together for a week now and so far she didn't hate the shy blonde. In fact it felt like they were actually friends. For whatever bizarre reason, she seemed to like Historia and every time they talked it felt like it got less awkward.

During lunchtime, Historia found herself in the library again. She felt like she could cope with spending the morning and breaktime