." Cas stuttered and pushed his ass against Dean so hard that Dean had to grip his hips to keep from keeling over.

"Soon babe." He mumbled against the heated skin and dove back in, finally spearing his tongue enough to be able to breach Cas’ opening. The resulting groan was loud and demanding and Dean bathed in the sound, knowing he was the one drawing them from Cas. Cas was nothing if not experienced when it came to sex but he had said that Dean was special, made him go gooey much easier than he would have thought. It was when Cas was like this under Dean’s hands that Dean was inclined to believe him.

Little by little Cas’ body gave way to Dean’s administrations and soon Dean was able to slip his finger in with ease. Cas was bucking against him by now and apparently growing quite impatient. It made Dean smirk and he momentarily forgot his own aching needs in the face of teasing Cas.

A litany of Dean’s name fell from Cas’ increasingly filthy mouth as soon as he added a second finger and Dean decided that enough would soon be enough. He was only a man after all. Pulling back his head he kept on fucking Cas on his fingers and Cas was willingly meeting him. Cas had slid further down the wall and was practically bent in half by now and Dean was loving it.

He knew instantly that he had it Cas’ prostate when the older man choked out a sob.

"D-Dean." He pressed out. "I-I can’t... I... Hurry."

"Fuck Cas." Dean croaked, surprised at his own level of arousal. Had he gone too far? He was suddenly aware that he maybe would come the moment he sheathed himself in Cas’ heat. "Just a sec babe."

He rose unsteadily and pressed Cas back against the wall. Cas moaned and rutted back against him, Dean’s fingers still inside him and when Dean’s erection brushed against Cas’ ass Dean’s eyes momentarily rolled back in his head. Fuck.

There was suddenly no thinking, no reasoning, he just added another finger and started scissoring, Cas crying out and pressing against him. He felt the little bundle of nerves against his fingers and was relentless in his pursuit of it, reveling in Cas’ choked off groans.

"Dean, I need..."

"I know." Dean puffed against Cas’ sweat-soaked neck. "I know."

They were still mostly dressed and the clothes scraped against sensitive skin, clinging to them with their perspiration but Dean couldn’t trouble himself with caring, not with Cas so compliant in his hands. Fuck, he needed the man so bad.

With a last brush to Cas’ prostate he withdrew his fingers and pressed his cock in-between Cas’ cheeks, just to feel something.

"We still need to go to the bedroom Cas." He said and nipped at the skin beneath Cas’ left ear.

Cas shook his head violently. "No. No I need you now."

Dean was loving that Cas was slipping back to boss-mode while at the same time being so needy for Dean’s cock. Fuck, he couldn’t help grinding himself against Cas even as he chuckled at the man’s eagerness.

"I know, I need you too but lube baby, we need lube."

He knew he had done a thorough job eating Cas out but he would take no chances hurting the other man. Plus, he really thought he wouldn’t be able to be gentle even if he had wanted to. He needed to ram himself hard inside Cas’ pliant body and he needed it yesterday.

But Cas was still shaking his head and it took a while for Dean to understand that he was also pointing to the floor, namely to his briefcase. To be fair, Cas’ body was practically sucking Dean’s dick closer so coherent thoughts were a little hard to come by at the moment.

"You... What?" he babbled out when Cas bucked back against him.

"The briefcase Dean." Cas gritted out. "Lube."

Dean couldn’t help himself when he barked out a laugh, still out of breath from their activities but feeling so sappily in love with Cas that he couldn’t ever hope to contain it.

"You carry lube around with you? At work?"

Cas turned his head over his shoulder to look at Dean and fuck his eyes. So demanding, so infuriated, so lust-blown.

"Yes." He spat out. "Are you going to get it sometime today?"

"I dunno." Dean leaned closer and tried his hardest to ignore his erection as it jumped against Cas’ heat. "I wanna hear more about this work-lube of yours. Who is it for, hmm?" Cas looked away and practically buried his head against the wall, mumbling something unintelligent. Oh, hell no. Dean was not stopping now. "You got someone sweet at the office Cassie?" he mumbled against the back of Cas’ head. "Someone been looking at you, making eye-contact over the