.

   “Were you always ‘touchy-feely’ with your friends?” Hinata had a confused look on his face.

   “Well I was checking if you were ok one, and two what do you mean by ‘friends’ because if you meant how we were in the past…we were a tiny bit more than friends.” He blankly stared at Hinata for about a minute until his words clicked in his head. No way, nope, absolutely not. There was no way in hell that was what he heard.

   “Hold on, you mean to say that weren’t just friends, but we were more than friends!” His voice cracking at the end of the sentence.

   “Yeah, what did you think I meant when I said we were together?” Hinata laughed nervously. Kenma was off the bed and leaning on his desk trying to process everything. He tried at least three times to say something, but he just couldn’t form the words into a coherent phrase. Hinata watched him amused at his freak-out.

   “Oh calm down, you’re overreacting just a little.” Hinata said with a little laugh in his voice. Kenma slammed his hands on the desk promptly shutting Hinata up.

  “I’m overreacting?! Just what the hell are you trying to get out of this?” He was livid…and very embarrassed. “What did you think was going to happen after I got my memory back, that we’d pick up where we left off? You are out of your fucking mind if you think that is ever going to happen!”

    Hinata rolled his eyes, “I wasn’t expecting you to be ok with that in the first place Kenma. If I was, do you think I’d say you could kill me whenever you felt like it? I told you, I just want to help you. Trust me, us being in a relationship didn’t turn out too hot the first time.”

    Kenma settled down but he still wouldn’t Hinata in the face. The scarlet in his cheeks would not go away. He stood there listening to the rest of Hinata’s words.

   “It does more for me to see you happy and not messed up because the memories. I just want you to get your memories back and then I’ll leave you alone…if that’s what you want.” The last part he whispered.

    Kenma sighed and nodded. Figuring he was done talking, Hinata moved towards the window opening it.

   “Uh…well I’m gonna go now so I’ll see you later.” He said with all of his usual happiness back in his voice,” Oh and Kenma.”

    Did he dare look at Hinata? He definitely knew that dumb smirk would be there and when he peeked over his shoulder he was right.

   “That blush is really cute you know.” He said and he was gone the next moment.

   He slammed the window closed, fell back on to his bed, grabbed his pillow, and placed it over his head and groaned loudly into it. What was going on with his life?

Everyone is just weighing poor Hinata down aren't they? (Well that's my fault but you get the idea)

Geez this took like forever to write and it was because I've been super busy (well I've been sick and then had to play catch-up at work and school) but mostly these "in-between" chapters...I never know what to do with themI sorta figured it out....


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            


   “You can come with me if you want. It will help you trust me.” 



   “I am not sure I want to trust you…but I cannot deny things I’ve seen with my own eyes.” He feels a tug on his hand.



   “Well then let’s go!” He’s moving with the person and they end up in cottage looking down on a sleeping figure. The other whispers to him,” Be very still to not wake them…I will not hurt them, I promise.”



   “But can you keep that promise?” He asks.The other person moves away to show him. They move over to the unconscious figure on the bed and shift them slightly to get better access to their neck. He watches, ready to react at any moment. They bite and he counts how long before he moves away. 1…2…3…4…5…it takes forever to him. By the time he gets to 10, they move away and the spot where they bit is nowhere to be seen.



   “But…how?” 



   “I have a way to hide the bite so the marks do not appear on their skin.” 



   He keeps staring at the person in the bed, they did not stir and for a moment he was worried they weren’t alive. The person finally rolled over, sighing. They seemed perfectly fine. They both leave the tiny room and stand outside. Moonlight peeks through clouds as they stand quietly.



   “…do you believe me now?”



   “I have no choice