his feet. It’s the image of Bokuto walking hand in hand with his alleged girlfriend what makes him come to a sudden halt. His muscles contract in fear while his saliva turns sour.

Instinct tells him to run away, to escape, to be safe.

He is about to obey when Bokuto screams his name at the top of his lungs, running towards Akaashi’s petrified figure. His girlfriend follows him in a calmer manner, giggling behind her hand. Face to face, she gives him a stiff smile before excusing his boyfriend’s chaotic behavior. And then, finally, she introduces herself.

Akaashi greets them and nods politely at her. Yet, he can´t keep his emotions under control as he glares at Bokuto. It’s one thing for her to want to talk to Akaashi, but Bokuto knows. He knows what they did and clearly he doesn’t care.

 

“Keiji, don’t get mad at him.” His own name startles him when it comes out of her mouth. It’s stupid; childish, even. He doesn’t want her to say it. It’s not hers to know. “I wanted to meet you.”

 

For a moment, Akaashi panics. He remembers bruises, teeth and nails. He remembers the ephemeral fragrance of tangerine. Despite of how much he had wanted her to see them, to feel them; she doesn’t deserve it. She doesn’t deserve the feeling devouring his lungs, his heart.

He was given a choice, she was not.

Bokuto, however, is relaxed. In fact, before meeting Akaashi’s eyes, he plays with her fingers as their hands link.

 

 “She is jealous we still hang out.”

 

Both of them stare at Bokuto with wide eyes, but for different reasons. Her cheeks are red in shame for being exposed by her boyfriend, murmuring some insults under her breath at him. Akaashi stays still, furious.

Bokuto’s laugh is loud and annoying. It breaks Akaashi a little more.

He can’t believe him. He can’t believe how shameless he is about everything. Akaashi doesn’t know what hurts mores; the fact that what they did is meaningless enough to joke about or the fact that Bokuto just doesn’t care.

He needs to get away. To run away from them, from him.

Bokuto smiles at him and his lips don’t tremble.

 

…

 

“I can’t be your friend.”

 

Akaashi says the next day as he removes Bokuto’s arm off his shoulder. He thought it would be easier until he found that Bokuto has settled under his flesh. As branches, he grows around Akaashi’s bones and, although he tries to break them apart, he ends up tearing his own flesh instead.

With no roots, the branches will eventually disappear.

 

“How do you want me to treat you then?”

 

Bokuto’s voice is loud compared to the distant sounds of students and teachers leaving their classrooms. He sounds annoyed. The corner in which they’re hidden, however, keeps silent.

“We both need space. You graduate soon, so it shouldn’t be hard.” He kneels down and ties his shoelaces. “This is not fair to her or me.” Expecting some kind of answer, he keeps quiet for a few seconds. Yet nothing comes.  “You know I love you.” Akaashi finishes.

 

A spiteful laugh is heard making Akaashi look up. Bokuto is grabbing his hair in one hand, white strands escaping between the spaces from finger to finger. His eyelids are closed while his mouth stretches in one sardonic grin.

 

“Fuck you, Keiji.” He laughs again, his voice breaking. “You say all this shit but you won’t even look me in the eye.” Then, he glances down. Akaashi notices he blinks several times before gulping down saliva. “You don’t get to say what’s fair or not. You’re the one who broke up with me.”

 

A part of him feels relieved. He is awfully ashamed of it but he can't help it. Their break up meant something to Bokuto. It hurt him. 

Slowly, he stands up. Not only his limbs are heavy with exhaustion, a weak headache is beginning to bother him as well. He takes a deep breath and prepares himself for Bokuto’s reaction.

 

“I did it because you keep acting like a child who needs constant attention.”

 

Bokuto’s snort comes to no one’s surprise.

 

“I’m sorry I’m too immature for you.”

 

“It’s just- No, no. You don’t get it.” Akaashi denies fervently while Bokuto rises an eyebrow, waiting for his explanation. The seconds weigh heavy on the delicate atmosphere as he tries to come up with one which won’t make Bokuto defensive.

 

He tests the water with a simple question.

 

“Tell me. Why are you with her?”

 

In response, Bokuto tears his gaze away from him. His right hand falls from his hair to his face, hiding another