.  A Do Not Disturb sign.

He shifted from foot to foot, suddenly uncomfortable.  Summer noticed, and scrunched her face up comedically.  She stage whispered, “This is so inconvenient.  We ought to break them up.”

He laughed a little at her delivery.  “Until the weather gets nice again, at least.”

She grinned and stood, her cape parting as she did so to show the black skirt and blouse beneath, dispelling the ghost effect.  Even in her heeled boots, the top of her head was no higher than his shoulder.  She bent and stuffed the books back into her schoolbag, then grinned up at him.  “If you go with me, I won’t mind facing the blizzard again.  The coffeeshop at the Co-Op ought to still be open.”

“Blizzard?”  Crow asked.  “It’s barely snowing.”

Summer shrugged again, moving closer.  “It’s sleeting, and that’s ten times worse.  Give me good honest snow any day, not this stuff that can’t make up its mind.”

A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth as she stopped in front of him, folding her small hands into his wet grey jacket.  He bent down, seeing his reflection in her sparkling silver eyes.  Counting the stars when it is freezing, that was the next line to the song.  But she was the opposite of freezing.  Her lips were soft and her mouth hot, and somehow she always smelled like roses.

The door clicked, and Qrow stumbled as Summer zipped away from him.  He straightened up, tugging his jacket straight in embarrassment.  If he felt a little flustered, though, it was nothing compared to poor Taiyang.

Their third teammate stood in the doorway, a bundle of sheets and blankets tucked under one arm.  His blonde hair was mussed and darkened with sweat, and his shirt was buttoned crookedly.  His blue eyes traveled from Qrow to Summer and back.  The short girl was blushing a very fetching pink.  Tai was tomato red - it didn’t look quite as cute on him, but the sliver of abdomen peeking from behind his shirt more than made up for it.

Qrow affected a casual posture, with one hand on his hip and a casual wave of the other.  “Hey,  Tai.  How’s it going?”  He wondered whether Tai’s blush was because he’d seen the two of them smooching, or at being caught knocking boots with Raven.  

Tai stuttered something about the laundry, and loped off towards the stairs.  There was a chute in the hallway, but Qrow guessed that Tai was going to hide until the awkwardness passed by staying in the laundry room for an hour or two.

Summer made a nervous gesture, pulling her bangs out from behind her ear then tucking them away again.   “Well,” she mumbled.  “I guess he knows now.”

“I guess,” Qrow answered, still looking down the hallway, although Tai was gone from sight.  Placing my hand so I can touch the moon…  The tune buzzed inside his ears.  He shook his head and stepped into their dorm room.

Taiyang’s bed was bare, with the pillows stacked in the middle of the mattress.  His sister was by her own bed, half dressed, fastening the back of a black bra.  Qrow cursed and turned away hurriedly.  Sharing a small dorm room, you got used to seeing your roomies in various states of nakedness, but the situation was different when you walked in on your sister after she’d just finished having sex with your best friend.

“Knows what?” she asked, and Qrow peered over his shoulder to check whether it was safe before turning back to her.  She’d slipped on a crimson blouse, and was combing her fingers through her tousled mane of black hair.

“Huh?” Summer asked, cocking her head.

“What does Tai know?”

“Oh, that, uh,” Summer stammered, pulling her notebook up as if to hide behind it.

“She already knows,” Qrow sighed.  “I told her last week.  She just wants to make you say it.”

“Spoilsport,” smiled Raven, her ruddy eyes gleaming.  “Sorry, Summer.  It’s just fun to make you blush.”

Summer obliged.  Her cheeks deepened from carnation pink to rose red.  Raven laughed, and pulled her into a hug, kissing her forehead.  “Take good care of my brother, okay?  He’s an idiot.”

“Am not,” Qrow muttered, hanging his jacket up to drip in the bathroom.  He thought back over his life so far, and especially his two years here at Beacon.  “Mostly.”

“Only occasionally,” said Summer, smiling at him as Raven let her loose.

His sister shrugged.  “Okay, only like 78 percent of the time.”  Qrow turned the tap on, got his hand wet, and flicked the water at his sister.  She sidestepped easily.  Her grin turned dangerous.  “Careful.  I’m not too tired to kick your ass, you know.”

His stomach flipped.  He didn’t want to think about what