heaves that he was able to manage.





Harry's tongue slid inside of him and Louis jerked, would've fell right on the ground if it wasn't for those hands gripping his hips and keeping him steady as the thick flesh lapped over the weakened walls inside of him and damn near sucked them dry. "Oh, fuck, you're so fucking hot," Harry mumbled against his ass, teeth biting into one cheek before he pulled away and Louis was unable to move enough to look at what he was doing. A few moments later, he felt the paddle back against his skin and he arched his back, clawed at the wall, awaiting the pleasured pain that was sure to follow. "You've been such a bad little boy, hm, princess?"





"Y-yes.. I've been so bad, daddy.."





"That's Father to you," Harry husked out and the first strike to Louis' ass was so hard and loud that the smack echoed through the room.





"Ah! F-fuck, I apologize, F-father," Louis cried and his knees nearly buckled underneath him and he just needed to come. He was so sensitive and everything hurt even more but he didn't want it to end. Everything hurt but it hurt so damn good, too fucking good. "I'll b-be a good boy.. I.. I'll do what you need, Father.. a-anything you want.."





Harry smirked and brought the edge of the paddle between Louis' cheeks to rub against his sensitive hole, making the priest lean against the wall and mutter weakly as he moaned and sucked in deep between clenched teeth. He decided it was time to end this session because if he didn't, the priest was not going to be make it to his service on Sunday from being unable to walk. Not the Harry gave a fuck, but the thought of this man standing in front of his congregation while remembering how good he was fucked just a day prior was something that kept the stripper motivated. Dropping the paddle, he removed his cock ring and nearly came from the contact alone as he pushed himself back inside of the man's tight heat. He reached around to remove Louis' cock ring as well and gripped his throbbing flesh, stroking him slowly at first, squeezing the tip of his dick as he picked up the rhythm and began fucking him hard with calculated thrusts. Louis came just a few minutes later with a loud cry, his body shaking against Harry's and he slumped forward against the wall, completely spent. The stripper finished a bit after him, pulling out and spilling his seed over the priest's back and ass, smacking the thick, red flesh as few times then helping the man to a standing position, a satisfied expression spreading over his face.





"You alright?"





Louis flushed, face wet and bright red and he shook his head weakly, unable to meet Harry's eyes. "Absolutely not."





Harry couldn't help but chuckle, bringing the come covered hand up to Louis' lips and sliding his index finger between his thin lips. A hand pressed against the priest's back to pull him closer as he fed him his own come and Louis accepted it greedily, sucking every last drop of juice with small moans escaping him. "You look fine to me."





"Mm.. wrecked," He whispered, eyes closed as he licked Harry's bottom from edge to edge. "I can barely feel my legs."





The stripper's laugh was cut short when Louis dug his teeth into the meaty flesh beside his thumb. "Tell me.. how does a priest suddenly become such a cock whore in a short amount of time."





"We're not all prudes, you know?" Louis explained, opening his eyes to look at the man in front of him. "I went to a state college where nothing was censored. Endured listening to countless encounters about sex as I walked from class to class. Heard my roommate having phone sex with his girlfriend back home more times than I can count. I've heard enough and seen quite a bit to understand exactly how sex works even if I wasn't supposed to."





"And being into men.. How did you come to realize you weren't attracted to women?"





Louis flushed again, the tips of his ears burning as his eyes drifted to the ground. "I don't know, really. I've never had a proper relationship and having one was the furthest thing from my mind when I was younger. I suppose it was college, as well, when I suddenly looked at a person and thought about doing sinful things with them." He blushed, scratching at his heated cheeks. "My physics professor, to be exact."





"Oh.. kinky little priest you are."





"Don't tease," Louis whined and pawed at Harry's chest, thumbing the naked single sliver necklace around his neck. "I've struggled a lot in my life with doing what's right and I thought becoming a priest