didn’t happen.”

“But something DID happen.”  B’Elanna hissed, trying to keep her voice down so nobody could overhear them.  “He attacked you.  I saw the bruises, that was not nothing.” 

Irritated, Janeway looked around before focusing on the other woman.  “This is not the time or the place to discuss this B’Elanna.” Her voice held a note of warning.  

B’Elanna scoffed.  “I get the feeling it will never be the right time or place.”  

Janeway didn’t reply but threw her a warning look before she entered the Mess Hall to toast to the trading agreements.

B’Elanna shook her head and turned around.  Given the circumstances, she decided to opt out for the celebratory drink.

~

With a strangled cry, Kathryn Janeway awoke.  Sitting up, she gasped for air and her hand flew to her throat as the panic she’d felt in her dream still constricted her airway.

She continued to breathe heavily while the realization came that it had only been a dream.  But that relief was swiftly followed by the bitter knowledge that the dream had a basis in reality.  This was the fourth time she’d had this nightmare in as many nights.  And each time she’d been unable to sleep afterwards.  

Kathryn could still feel the ambassador’s body pressing against her, from the memories of her dream as well as from reality.  And although she’d tried some –usually pretty effective- defensive moves, no matter how hard she’d tried to push him away, it had felt like he was made of stone.  Her feeble assault had had no effect on him.  She’d been entirely powerless.  

She clenched her fists and pressed them into the mattress.  No more, she decided.  Kathryn Janeway would never be powerless again.  She would gain strength, fortify her body so that if there was ever a next time someone attacked her –god forbid-, she would have a fighting chance.

With a sense of purpose she got up, got dressed and left her quarters.  

As she’d expected, the gym was deserted at that time of night.Kathryn selected a training program from the computer and started with a warm-up before she started using the equipment.  Oblivious to her surroundings she continued her work out for a long time.  With every muscle she trained, she felt a little stronger, a little more in control.  

~

“Won’t the Captain be joining us?”  Harry asked as he activated the wall display to show the design of the new long range sensor array he was developing.  

The senior staff expectantly turned to Chakotay to hear his answer.  The Captain had been very elusive lately, almost constantly working from her Ready Room or her quarters and never attending any briefings.  She was never seen in the Mess Hall anymore and rarely entered the Bridge.  That was unusual behavior for her.  

“No.”  Was Chakotay’s succinct answer.  

B’Elanna frowned and made a mental note to check up on the Captain.

“Is she even still on the ship?”  Tom asked, only half-joking.  As Chakotay threw him a warning look, he held up his hands.  “What?  You’ve got to admit it’s pretty strange that we haven’t seen her for more than a week.”

“Captain’s privilege.  She’ll come to the briefings if and when she’s needed.”  Chakotay replied.  

Tom huffed.  “Spare us the protocol Chakotay.  The only time she’s been seen in public is at the gym at the strangest hours in the middle of the night.  What’s up with that?”  

Chakotay shrugged.  “I don’t know.  And I don’t need to know.  The Captain can run the ship from wherever the hell she wants to.  Understood?”  

~

B’Elanna casually walked into the gym a little after 0400 hours.  Sure enough it was deserted except for one lonely figure, working out.  

Although she had seen the Engineer enter, Janeway ignored the other woman, continuing to lift the weights.  

“Careful you don’t overdo it.”  B’Elanna’s soft voice drifted through the room.  

“I’ve got it under control.”  Janeway grunted and sat up, reaching for her bottle of water when she felt cool fingers lightly touching her upper arm.

“Do you?”

The trace of worry in B’Elanna’s voice combined with the gentle touch made her stop in her tracks, but she didn’t look up.  Instead she took another sip of water and B’Elanna’s hand fell away.  

“I’m worried about you.”  B’Elanna added softly.  

The honest worry for her wellbeing made Kathryn look up at her Chief Engineer.  A grim expression set around her mouth.  “I don’t ever want to feel weak and helpless like that again.”  She breathed by way of explanation, hoping B’Elanna would understand and leave her alone.  

B’Elanna studied the other woman’s face.  Despite everything, she could relate to Janeway’s need to empower herself.  So