grabs Louis’ hand and leads him out of the club quickly, wanting to get to his car fast. They get to his car pretty quickly and he opens the door for Louis, shutting the door when he’s in and going to the driver’s side, slamming the door and starting the car, “M’ names Harry.”

Louis smiles over at him and turns to the side, looking down at Harry’s crotch as he tests the name on his lips. “Harry. Harry, how big is your cock?”

Harry stutters as he pulls out of the parking lot. “Guess you’ll have to see.”

Louis grins and moves his hands to Harry’s pants, unbuttoning them and pulling out his cock before he can even complain. He wraps his tiny hand around it, his cock so big his hand can’t even fit all the way around. Seeing the size difference makes Louis whine a little, licking his lips. “I want to fucking taste it so bad. It’s so heavy Harry. So big and thick.” He’s rambling at this point, in a dick haze.

Harry can’t drive while listening to this so he pulls over, not even knowing if they will get caught here or not but he moves his seat back, spreads his legs and pushes his pants down more, revealing all of his cock.

Louis immediately goes down and spreads kisses all over his cock, looking up at harry as he moans, never seeing such a pretty dick. “I’ve never wanted to suck a dick so bad in my life.” He whispers and wraps his mouth around the tip, moaning at the taste, sending vibrations down Harry’s cock.

Harry groans and tilts his head back, his hand gripping Louis’ hair as he slips down his cock, bobbing his head slowly. Louis loves the stretch so much, his eyes closing as he genuinely enjoys this, moving his hand down and plays with Harry’s balls a bit as he bobs his head faster, the tip of his cock hitting the back of his throat, and the fact that there’s still so many inches left makes him moan more, feeling Harry push his hips up, making his cock slide down his throat more.

He wants his mouth fucked so bad.

He slips his cock out of his mouth and looks up at Harry as he strokes his dick fast. “Fuck my mouth Harry, fuck it until I can barely talk. Please”

Harry nods and grips Louis’ hair tighter, grabbing his dick with his other hand and slaps louis’ cheek with it, grinning as Louis opens his mouth with his tongue out, moaning as he gets dick slapped. He slaps it against his tongue before shoving it in his mouth half way, moving his hips slowly to make sure he’s okay.

Louis isn’t having it. He shoves his cock all the way down his throat, putting his hand on his throat to feel it and moans loudly against his cock. Harry grunts and starts fucking in and out of his mouth, making sure to go all the way down his throat, his eyes widening as he watches the bulge move in his throat. It so fucking hot.

He throws his shirt off, starting to sweat. He fucks into the warm mouth faster, Louis eventually taking every inch of his cock like a pro and Harry can’t take it anymore. He pulls him up and moves his lips to his, smashing them against each other in a hard kiss as he manhandles Louis into his lap.

Louis loves getting manhandled so much that it makes him moan, kissing back just as hard and passionate, feeling his asshole literally throb. He wants to get fucked.

“Oh my god, fuck me. Please fuck me. You can just get me wet with your tongue, it’s okay. I love the burn. Fuck me please.” He’s begging loudly as he grinds down in his lap, arms wrapping around Harry’s neck as he breathes hard, feeling overwhelmed with need.

“Yeah, yeah okay. Fuck. Get naked.” Louis quickly nods and gets undressed as quickly as he can in this position. “Back seat, fuck we need to get in the back seat. It has way more room and that’s the only way I can get my mouth on that ass.” He says with a slap to his ass, Louis nodding so hard he almost gets whiplash.

They get in the back seat with little difficulty, Harry immediately laying onto his back and pulling Louis up. “Sit on my fucking face.”

Louis has never sat on anyone’s face. He’s barely been rimmed. His excitement and arousal is through the roof as he hovers his ass above Harry’s face, biting his lip. “I—Should I--- Am I okay to--?” He’s cut off by Harry shoving him down, feeling a hot tongue on his asshole and he lets out a loud moan, hands gripping onto Harry’s hair. “Oh my god!”

Harry grins and starts going to town,