he had to come look for her, he came to her and kindly asked whatever it was he had to say.



 

 

 

Zhu Li would have been just as happy sipping that cup of delicious tea, just that one, but Varrick seemed to have other plans. 

"Now, the cookies I did not all bake myself, but I can assure you that I bought them from the best of the best."

He crouched beside her and started piling cookies on a small plate in front of her.

"Varrick…"

"Now, I know you don't like raisins, so don't worry, there aren't any in these. I think you'll particularly like the small round ones, they come from…"

"Varrick!"

"… the Southern Water Tribe, I actually did bake those myself. Do you remember? I asked you to find the recipe. It was rather easy to…"

"VARRICK!"

He finally snapped out of it and looked at her with widened eyes.

"Yes, my sweet?" he asked with a voice that betrayed nervousness.

She took his hands in hers, stroking her thumb across his palm.

"This is perfect."

He visibly relaxed and gave her a completely genuine smile. 

"I'm glad to hear that, Zhu Li."

She nodded slightly in encouragement and for a moment, they simply stared into each other's eyes, happy to just be together. 

 

After a while, Varrick stood up abruptly and ran to the table, grabbing five different teapots. 

"Now these you have to taste, tiger seal."

She couldn't help but let out a chuckle, seeing him balance so many teapots on his arms.

"This is ginseng tea. I've heard that it was General Iroh's favourite. This particular one comes from a small town in the eastern Earth Kingdom. I've had it imported, turns out there are a lot more tea sellers in Republic City than I thought and you can actually order any sort of tea you want, they'll get it for you!"

He served her a cup and waited eagerly for her to take a sip. Only when she drank some and nodded her appreciation did he serve another cup of another tea.

"This brew is very special. It comes from the Fire Nation and is the official favourite of the Fire Lord. I've ordered it from the imperial city itself."

"I can't imagine how much you've paid for this."

"I love you more than my wealth."

Coming from Varrick, this was about as much of a passionate never ending love promise as could be. She leaned to give him a kiss. She did not often kiss him, much preferring being kissed, but sometimes, things just had to be done.

"Now tell me about that one," she said when she broke the kiss, pointing to a large black teapot.

"Well funny you should ask, sweet Zhu Li! That one is red tea from Ba Sing Se. It's quite popular in the upper ring. I've heard it's also loved by students of the university."

"How about those cookies?"

"They are Avatar cookies. To be fair, they are completely raw, so I wouldn't eat them if I were you."

 

In the end, he managed to make her taste at least a sip of almost every single sort of tea he had made, with a little story for each and every tea he poured into the cups. Zhu Li accepted everything as it came, drinking the tea, eating the cookies, and by the time they were done, she had eaten more than she did in the last ten years. Varrick was usually the foodie, not her. Looking at all the plates and cups, she wondered if she would have to wash everything or if his generosity would extend to that. 

"This is the last one you haven't tasted yet, I think."

"I don't think I can do much more, Varrick. I'll explode."

"But this is the most special of all! You can't just stop now!"

"Fine, but after that, I'm done."

"But you've barely touched the green tea cookies!"

"You've made me eat three of them, Varrick, I would hardly call that barely touched."

He pouted and all she could do was laugh. Ceremoniously, he took the last teapot and poured a cup. Zhu Li accepted it and, looking at him with an expression that said that this was definitely her last cup of tea of the day, she took a sip. Varrick looked at her with satisfaction. The tea tasted absolutely perfect. Just right.

"What's this one?" she asked. "And can I have some more?"

"This one," he said, pouring her another cup, "is a very special blend."

"It's my favourite."

"I'm glad you said that, because I've had it made just for you."

"What do you mean?"

"You know there's barely a