,” Kenma panted as he tried to wriggle away. Kuroo heeded this warning and scooted down, beginning to trail kisses on the inside of Kenma’s thighs.

“What about down here?” he asked, glancing up.

Kenma swallowed hard and closed his eyes, lying his head back down on a pillow. “That’s fine.”

Kuroo grinned and went back to sucking on Kenma’s inner thigh. He then brought his lips to the erection contained in Kenma’s boxers, pressing his tongue against the fabric.

Kenma jolted slightly, one hand covering his mouth as the other gripped the sheets tightly. Kuroo wanted so badly to hear the noises that Kenma’s small voice might be capable of, so he slid his boxers down all the way before tossing them off the bed, and wrapped his mouth of the head of Kenma’s dick.

Kenma’s hips jumped as he let out a low hiss, and Kuroo worked his mouth all of the way down, taking in every bit of Kenma’s length. He pinned Kenma down to the bed to avoid getting choked as he began to bob his head up and down. Not wanting Kenma to come too soon, he sat back, letting Kenma’s dick flop down onto his lower abdomen. Kuroo hopped off of the bed and retrieved the lube and condoms from his duffel bag.

When he got back to the bed, Kenma had his face completely covered with his hands. Kuroo kneeled back down on the foot of the bed and unscrewed the cap to the bottle, removing the silver protective lid with his teeth. After twisting the cap back on, he popped it open and drizzled some onto his fingers.

“Kenma,” he said, clearing his throat. “I’m gonna put a finger in, okay?”

Kenma only nodded, but his hands remained over his face.

With one hand pushing one of Kenma’s knees back, he circled Kenma’s entrance with the middle finger of his other hand. Kenma tensed at the presence, and as Kuroo began to push his finger inside of him, he let out a small sob.

Kuroo retracted immediately and crawled over Kenma, shoving his hands to the side. “Hey, what’s wrong?” he asked, noting the wetness forming in Kenma’s eyes. “Cold feet?”

 “I’m not getting cold feet,” Kenma muttered, trying to hide his face again. “It’s just that I’ve never done this with a complete stranger and all of the other people I’ve slept with weren’t careful and I was always on bottom and it always hurt-“

“Kenma.” Kuroo said sternly. “Stop overthinking this, please. We don’t have to fuck right now, okay?” he sat back, giving Kenma some breathing room. “I don’t want you to think that you have to have sex with me just because we’ve gotten this far.”

Kenma nodded, rubbing his eyes with his palms. “I shouldn’t have pretended that this would be easy. You just wasted your time with me.”

Kuroo leaned forward again and pushed Kenma’s hands away from his face, pinning them to the side as he hovered over him. “You’re not a waste of my time,” Kuroo reassured him. “I…I like you. You’re interesting to me.”

Kenma stared back into Kuroo’s eyes, flicking back and forth between both of them. “You’re not like the other guys I’ve been with,” he said hesitantly, still unmoving.

Kuroo sat back again, but this time he moved to the end of the bed and crossed his legs, facing Kenma. “What were the other guys like?” he asked as Kenma sat up, hugging a pillow to his chest.

“I don’t know,” Kenma replied softly. “Just three different ones. But they were all…bad? Like they didn’t care about how comfortable I was, just as long as they could do what they needed and get out of there.”

Kuroo nodded, pity and guilt settling into his gut. “Unfortunately, people like that exist. You know, the first guy I ever slept with was fifteen years older than I was. He didn’t really care about my feelings or any of that. Hell, I didn’t even come once!” Kuroo chuckled awkwardly. “He shoved it in, came inside of me, pulled out quick and high tailed it out of there.” He rubbed the back of his neck, and looked down and the bed sheets. “I cried for a long time that night.”

“That’s…Tetsurou, that’s really sad.”

Kuroo only shrugged. “I learned from it, I guess. I mean, I felt so shitty, you know? I felt worthless and used, and disgusting. I just kind of…want to make sure that never happens to anyone that I ever sleep with.”

“So…you’re going to take it easy on me?” Kenma asked earnestly. “If I tell