hundred other wizards, squibs, muggleborns and their family members, he was going to demand a stop on the killing of muggles. The demonstration was being held in the park, and was of course going to be peaceful and entirely without violence. And as with any hippie-themed love-and-peace action, drugs were allowed.

Even though Harry couldn't wait to get his hands on some leafy greens, it wasn't his only reason for going (or so he told himself, he had a reputation to uphold!) No, he was a hero, and therefore felt that he should lead the people to a sure victory.

Walking into the park after a long trip, Harry sighed again. The sky looked like it was about to burst out in tears, and seeing the amount of people on the grass, it had every reason to. There they were, a small hundred people, some sitting in circles and smoking, and some others were already packing their stuff, facial expressions varying from vaguely bored to downright mad.

In the midst of the largest group stood a caped figure, the low voice bellowing out deciding they were most likely male. Coming closer, Harry saw the man wasn't as tall as he had at first thought, but stood on a box of sorts, making for some kind of improvised low podium.

"People!" he said, "We, we should know what death is. We know what pain is and fear. We know that we, as wizards, can defend ourselves against the attack of another wizard. Muggles," he paused for a dramatic effect, "cannot." Many people nodded. "Therefor we," the caped man made a wide hand-gesture, waving around the circle, "should protestagainst muggle killing, and protect who, what and when we can. Only we," the man gestured to the circle of people around him again, the wind playing with his cape, "can stop these killings! We should fight for their lives!" A pale hand, balled in a fist, shot up skywards. The cape fell back slightly, showing a flash of more paleness. The group clapped enthusiastically, cheering and calling out "Yes!" and "Alright!", while some just nodded in agreement.

The man stepped off the box, carefully clothing himself in the shadows again.

The Boy-Who-Lived was stunned.

This man, this man was stealing the limelight from just above his head! He was stealing all the attention Harry should have gotten. The cheers, the applause -- it should've been his, not some stranger's! The place on the box, the speech -- it was all stolen, all stolen! It was unfair!

Harry sulked for a moment, ticked off by the stranger's appearance. He watched how the stranger walked –- or rather sneaked –- away, and a rather brilliant idea popped into his head.

He was going to follow this stranger and find out who he was.

Oh yes, Harry Potter was a smart boy.

He slipped away from the crowds, unnoticed by –- well, no one, but it was all about the idea. Like a cat to his prey he stalked the other male, determined to find out just who he thought he was! ...And who he was in reality, of course.

Further and further the man walked, all throughout the park. Several high hippie-figures had stepped in front of him on his way to worship the man, and Harry –- cleverly hidden in the bushes –- was simply seething now. Just who was supposed to be the hero here, now? Who?

…Harry. Of course. Who else? Not that other stupid, attention-stealing bloke.

It was in a small, empty clearing that Harry finally pounced. Literally. As he dived towards the stranger's ankles, the man turned around, cape flurrying in the sudden motion. Harry dived head first into the ground, hands grabbing around with no effect. The stranger stood a mere few feet from his original position.

"Honestly now, Harry Potter," the stranger said and leaned down a bit, hiding his face. "Taken to stalking? Again? How low."

Harry glared upwards at the man-with-the-still-unrecognizable-face.

"Haven't you learned anything at all last year?" he continued.

Harry scowled. This man was mad as a hatter, that much was for sure.

"Not very talkative? Can't blame you with sand between your teeth. You've always been an idiot, haven't you? Foolish Gryffindor." The stranger threw back his head and went into a fit of maniacal laughing, causing the hood of his cape to be thrown back also.

Just at that moment the clouds chose to break away, sun falling from the sky, temporarily blinding our Boy Hero and giving the stranger a, well, strange angelic appearance.

"…What are you?" Harry asked, awed. Or more descriptive: completely creeped out.

"I'm brilliant. Handsome. Genius. Perfect. A pure-blood. Strong. Powerful.