eyes, reaching for the glass of water she kept next to her bed. Her hand was met with empty air. she tried again. nothing. She glanced to her left, and squeaked. She was on the top bunk. the top bunk was Ruby's bunk. She glanced over the edge, looking down into her own bed.... which was empty.
she glanced over at Yang's bunk, which was currently occupied by both Blake and Yang, who had taken to sleeping together after the incident in Mountain Glenn. as far as Weiss knew, they didn't have any sort of romantic relationship, so she found it odd that the two would do that.... which brought her to her current concern. Blake's bunk was also empty. she had put off looking for as long as she could, and no turned to her right.
sure enough, laying with her back to Weiss, dressed in her pajamas, was Ruby. Weiss also noticed that Ruby's hood was draped over her own body like a blanket. She blushed deeply, and considered trying to slip out of the bed, but she was still groggy. with her currently luck, she would crash to the floor, break an arm or something equally embarrassing. So she decided to simply lay back down. She glanced back at Ruby.
she slept on her right side, both hands splayed out in front of her, one palm up, the other palm down. Her side Rose and fell with her breathing, which shifted from fast to slow as she dreamed. Weiss couldn't see her face, and she was curious as to how she looked. Carefully, she lifted herself over Ruby, trying not to disturb the sheets.
what she saw was one of the most beautiful things she had ever seen. Ruby's face was calm, smooth. Her eyes closed. She looked like she was ready to wake up at any moment. Her mouth was partway open, the air trailing in and out, softly. her hair was swept to one side, and her pale skin seamed to glow in the dark. Weiss stared at her for a moment. then, almost guiltily, she kissed her on the cheek.
as she re-positioned herself, laying back down, she curled one hand over Ruby's stomach, and her face was pressed lightly into her partners back. Sleep was not long in coming, and she dreamed of colors.

same as the first, just fixed.

Weiss stood alone in a large, dark room. She held her sword out in front of her, her posture perfectly straight. She glared at the point of her sword, daring it to waiver. It was motionless, despite how weak she felt. She breathed slowly outward, closing her eyes and emptying her lungs. As soon as she felt the last vestiges of air escape her, she sucked in a big breath, and concentrated. A flickering glyph appeared on the floor in front of her, about 3 feet in diameter.

    Silently, Weiss willed it to stabilize. She felt no immediate drop in her strength. She took that as a good sign. She breathed again. The glyph began to spin, slowly at first, then faster. She focused on her intent, the finished product. From the center of the glyph, light poured out, lighting the room in soft blue. As she breathed, a hand shot forth from the glygh, a large, clawed arm, the same color as the glyph.

    Weiss forced herself to remain calm, if she got excited, it would explode. The hand was followed by an arm, which seemed to pull something after it. From the glyph, a Beowulf began to emerge. She had to work to stay calm. In another few seconds, a seven foot tall Grimm was standing before her, looking silently down at her. The glyph faded, and Weiss exhaled.

    Suddenly, she was struck by a wave of fatigue. She dropped, the Beowulf giving a mournful howl as it exploded.

    She cursed, breathing hard. She was soaked in sweat and undeniably weak. Carefully, she stood, her legs shaking as they took on her weight. She moved around, taking steps in small circles till the trembling stopped. She had decided that being able to summon was almost worse than not being able to summon. At least before, all that happened when she failed was a fading glyph. Now whenever she couldn't maintain it, she almost passed out. She had yet to have a real success.

    "You're getting better."    Weiss jumped at the voice. Behind her, in the door to the dark room, was the silhouette of Ruby, framed by light from the hallway beyond.

    "Better........ is not good enough." Weiss muttered, leaning on her sword like a cane.    "Oh, stop whining. After all this time with us, even you know that's not true."    She flipped a switch on the wall. The windows, which had been covered a moment before, were revealed. Light filtered into the room, the color of the setting sun. Weiss was surprised