Though I still don't approve of you putting yourself in danger on my account."

"Please, Miss Winter. What else is there to do around here besides being glared at by bandits and robots? An old man needs activity, else his bones become stuck," Klein said. He shook his hand at her, offering a bottle of pills. "For your head."

"Thank you, but that won't be necessary," Winter shook her head. "I'd rather not take anything into my body right now. I don't know what effects the Dust kickback might have had. That, and I want my head to stay clear until this over."

"I was afraid you'd say that," Klein sighed, putting the bottle away. "I overheard some of those scoundrels as I was escorted back here. It seems like Torchwick has found something big, and they're struggling to take it to their vehicle."

"Do you have any idea what that may be?" Winter asked. "You helped Weiss with the showcase preparations, didn't you?"

"Yes, but that's as far as my knowledge of this facility goes," Klein said.

"So Torchwick could have found a new technology the SDC is working on, or that is being held off for a later date," Ironwood said, his eyes returning to their captors. "For something to get such interest from Roman Torchwick… This is troubling news."

Winter couldn't agree more. She knew better than most how far the SDC was willing to go with their Research and Development. It was that attitude to lead the market, to breach new grounds, that had made possible the invention of the Dust Core, and that was only one example.

Whatever Torchwick had found, she hoped for him never to get to use it.

 Weiss stepped into the fourth-floor corridor. Somewhere to her right, she heard something move, and as she breathed in, the air carried with it the smell of burnt metal. She turned and raised her arms at once, conjuring a glyph – and blocked a laser blast that would have hit her squarely in the chest otherwise.

"Back!" she yelled. "Stairs, Jaune!"

She heard Jaune run back, out of view of her assailant. More laser fire came from the darkness, colliding against her glyph, and she felt a force pass through her body in waves. It was as if the glyph's strength depended entirely on her own. Except if she took any of those shots without its protection, she would be done for. The more she used her Semblance, the more questions she had about it.

"No time for science," she said to herself, righting her stance. Another blast hit the glyph, and this time she was driven back, her heels squeaking against the floor. Finally, she saw the Protector as it walked closer to her, its rifle pointed at her while it cooled down.

With a flick of her wrist, Weiss conjured her rapier again, then discarded her current glyph and made a new one behind her. An idea had just come to her – a crazy one, she would never even think of something like it normally – but today was a crazy day. And… well, she felt powerful. Nothing was too crazy for her to accomplish.

She jumped on the spot, turning her feet slightly so they touched upon the glyph behind her – but before that magnetic feeling could settle in, tying her to the disc, she kicked against it with both legs. The momentum she gained was greater than she had imagined, sending her rocketing towards the Protector at a breakneck speed, and she barely had time to swing her rapier as she streaked past it.

Before she hit the floor, she conjured another glyph, and it not only softened her fall, but completely nullified the impact and whiplash she should have suffered. Weiss looked behind her and saw the Protector on the ground, its left arm and head severed from the rest of its body. A cyan glow marked the trajectory her blade had made, like some sort of energy had been released on contact.

She couldn't wonder about that for long, as she heard more Protectors coming from further down the hallway. A salvo of energy blasts came soaring through the darkness, blocked by a hastily-made glyph. Weiss narrowed her eyes, making out the vague outlines of two Protectors.

The rounds kept coming, hammering relentlessly against her defense. Weiss gasped, her body being driven back she was being pulled from behind by an invisible hand. Cracks started to show on the glyph's surface, releasing an ominous light.

At this rate, the Protectors would pierce through and kill her before she could even try to strike back. She couldn't put her glyph away, not for a second, and she couldn't risk launching herself towards them like she'd done before. She would be vaporized before she even made it halfway there, and she couldn't strike the two robots down at the same time.

Or could she?

What was she doing, thinking like