, “you can draw him something to eat or a little present if you drag it over.”

They watched him open up a paint program and draw a wonky donut with the mousepad. He dragged the donut off the paint program’s window with the cursor and onto Alter Ego, who was bobbing up and down. Yasuhiro released the button and Alter Ego caught the donut in his mouth.

“That is pretty cool,” said Makoto as most of the others murmured in agreement. Alter Ego licked his lips. Aoi warned Yasuhiro not to feed him too much or else he wouldn’t be hungry later.

Hajime answered Kazuichi’s bewildered expression with his own and with a shrug of his shoulders.

Alter Ego’s head somersaulted. Yasuhiro turned the screen around and started to draw again, Makoto leaning to the side slightly so he could watch.

Kazuichi and Fuyuhiko continued glaring at each other.

Hajime fidgeted. “I think we’re all just frustrated at how slow progress has been. After so long, we thought they might start to show some signs of waking up... but there’s been almost nothing. And I’m sure I speak for everyone when I say there’s one person we all especially wanted to spend this occasion with.”

Fuyuhiko looked down. Sonia kneaded her fingers together. Akane frowned. Kazuichi scratched his nose and averted his gaze.

“They’ll be on their feet real soon,” Akane eventually declared. “Old man Nidai never goes down without a fight and neither will the others. They’ll just have to get us twice the number of presents next year to make up for it. Now how about we chow down, huh? Eating always make me feel better.”

Fuyuhiko picked up his drink and sipped from it.

***

Food came after several conversations. Conversations such as: ‘So you and Kirigiri-chan really are dating? Way to go, Naegi-chi!’, ‘It’s been more than five years but my mother recognised my hairstyle from a mile away’, ‘Souda-san, you’re leaning against my leg!’, ‘I was trying to keep you warm, Sonia-san, or do you wanna join me in my jumpsuit instead?’, ‘Hey, Asahina, you’re still up for that fight, aren’t ya? After we eat of course... well, thirty minutes after. That’s what Nidai would say, I think’, ‘Ah, Fukawa-san, may I have your autograph? I’m a hella big fan of your work. You’re my favourite serial killer’, among others.  

When the exchanges dissolved into frankly immature anecdotes after Yasuhiro and Kazuichi started drinking, Aoi and Touko went to fetch dinner with Sonia following after. Before Kazuichi could take more than two steps, she demanded he stay and he obliged with no complaint. Lowering the palm of her hand, Sonia spun on her heel and joined her new friends in the kitchen that she smelled the aroma of with a smile.

Aoi saw her enter and waved. “Hey, Sonia-chan! Want to help carry some plates over?”

“It would be my honour though I do wish I came when you were preparing them,” Sonia said as she came forward and accepted a plate of chicken legs. “This cuisine is undoubtedly sublime, but I would have loved to show you all some recipes that have been passed down the Nevermind bloodline. They are so delicious that those who divulge it are immediately expected to ostracize themselves from society and become fishermen.”

“So why would you want to show us the recipes?” asked Touko, tray in her hands wobbling as Aoi stacked plates onto it. “Wouldn’t you get exiled... if you did...?”

“You are correct,” Sonia said. She closed her eyes temporarily. “It is just as well that I was absent during the preparation then. Thank you for alerting me, Fukawa-san. I believe you very well prevented my abdication.”

Touko grumbled and shuffled toward the door as Aoi collected plates for herself to carry. Waiting for Touko to reach her, Sonia accompanied Touko into the living room and set the trays and plates onto the large blanket Aoi found crammed down behind the couch cushions earlier that day. It now lay flattened out in the centre of the room.

Upon seeing food being placed onto it, Akane appeared next to the blanket so quickly that she no doubt gave her shins friction burn.

“Finally.” Drooling, Akane made pinching motions with her hands. “It smells... so good...!”

“Wait for us!” Yasuhiro yelled, and he tucked the laptop under his armpit. He scrambled forward as everyone drew toward the blanket and sat around it.

All except Byakuya, who remained on his armchair with one leg crossed over the other.

“Come on, Togami-kun,” said Makoto once it became apparent Byakuya had no intention of joining them. “It looks delicious.”

Groaning, Byakuya rose to his feet and walked somewhat steadily over. He plopped himself between Hajime and Touko, the former edging away to give him more room. Though, Byakuya seemed more inclined to lean more towards