's hand came to rest on John's head and he played with his right ear a little nervously. "You see, I... As you must have noticed, I'm not as good at deducing when it comes to... this."

Since John had leant back and was now tilting his head to the side in a deliciously clueless way, Sherlock developed:

"Relationships. We can't have something like yesterday happen again."

John blinked.

"Me, thinking you were depressed and pining after your ex-girlfriend, calling her over to make things right, and having you reject her again and confess your feelings to me," Sherlock added in a matter-of-fact tone to dispel John's confusion. The hair on John's cheeks bristled and Sherlock had the sudden urge to smother his fluffy face with kisses. He blinked.

The sudden urge to what? Disconcerted, he brought his eyes back to John's and stared. The manul fidgeted a bit and finally averted his gaze.

Sherlock was thinking. Looking back on his own behaviour, he couldn't quite make sense of the kissing. Even now, from the moment they had come to his room, he had kissed John a number of times, spontaneously, without giving it any meaning. It was just all part of the cuddling process. And cuddling did not make sense. So why should kissing make any?

But now that he thought about it, John had been quite upset after the train ride. It was true that being kissed by a tiger on the mouth was not an experience anyone would wish to have. Still, could John's reaction also be explained by the fact that normal people, ordinary people, bestowed more meaning on kisses than Sherlock did? It had never crossed his mind before because their kisses hadn't been 'romantic' in any way; but with hindsight, Sherlock realized that kissing someone on the mouth was indeed perceived as a romantic gesture. Why, he could not quite fathom. But at any rate, it did.

Was that what John had been considering the previous night? Kissing him? It might well be. But then, why hadn't he acted upon it? Why hadn't he asked?


I'm just afraid I'd do something you wouldn't like. 


...Would Sherlock have liked it?

He repressed a groan. Now he was out of his depths, and that was not something Sherlock enjoyed very much. At all.




«(o.o)» . «(o.o)»


In the end Sherlock had waited and waited, petting John, focusing on his every reaction to see what kind of caress, and where, was the most effective on him. But John had not fallen asleep; Sherlock either, for that matter. And so after an hour of silence in the peaceful darkness of Sherlock's bedroom, both of them were as awake as ever, and, John feared, just as edgy.

Assuredly Sherlock could not help thinking about the case and being frustrated that he was stuck in the flat now of all times. Moreover, something told John that he too was beginning to doubt whether they would truly manage to reverse the transformation this time. Instead of being happy that Sherlock had given up on going out just to stay and cuddle with him, John was feeling increasingly guilty. Not only was he no help at all; he was now preventing Sherlock from doing what he loved the most. What if this did not even help him transform back? Even worse, what if they woke up both as felines? What would Sherlock say?

Well, nothing. He couldn't say anything, John mused gloomily.

As it was, though, this was a possibility he could not ignore. Sherlock was doing his best to please John, and he was genuinely considerate. But he was trying too hard. Even the way he focused so intensely on John betrayed that he was worried, impatient, excited. He was doing his best, and that was the problem.

Looking up discreetly, meeting his eyes, John could tell his mind was elsewhere. Somewhere John could not follow. Sherlock was looking at him, with a mix of tenderness and graveness the manul did not quite understand; but he seemed to be looking past him as well, much beyond.

It was literally maddening. Maybe this was why being with the consulting detective, in any kind of relationship, even just as a flatmate or a colleague, was intoxicating. And exhausting, too. John had always conceived relationships as part of one's social life: people had friends, girlfriends, people they worked with, people they liked, people they didn't like... An individual was integrated in society through this web constituted by his various relationships to people. There were codes, conventions, and it made everything work smoothly. It brought order. Bearings. Unlike the chaos of war, it allowed you to build something, take a look at your life and create, even in small ways, the person you wanted to be.

In action, there was no time: you were made to be