time, and the headmaster emerged from the side door that led from his bedroom wearing blue pajamas with lemon drops on them.

He rubbed sleepily at his eyes, scratched his sleep-disheveled hair, and twinkled at Severus.

“Severus, my boy,” Dumbledore greeted amicably. It always amazed Severus how quickly Albus Dumbledore could erase the effects of sleep from his body and voice. Sometimes, Severus was quite sure that Dumbledore never slept at all, and sometimes Severus was willing to bet on it, even though he was never a man who left anything to chance.

“Could I offer you a lemon drop?” Dumbledore continued, and Severus realized that he hadn’t, in fact, even noticed the man crossing the room to sit behind his desk. He suspected that Dumbledore might’ve found a flaw in the Hogwarts apparation wards and occasionally used it to catch his students and professors off guard.

“I’ll not accept it if you do,” Severus snarled back. Dumbledore shrugged and helped himself, staring up at the ceiling as he waited for the professor to get on with it. Severus hated these games.

“Potter didn’t show up for detention tonight.” He always liked to get straight to the point, and since Dumbledore was still suckling on a lemon drop and twiddling his thumbs, it was no small wonder that he was forced to just say it instead of being invited into conversation.

“Oh?” Dumbledore was finally looking at him—twinkling in a bemused sort of way. “That’s not very like him, is it?” In that moment, Severus wanted nothing more than to strangle Dumbledore and piss on him like the charlatan he was—masquerading about as if he were all-knowing, when in fact Severus speculated that he was indeed like one of those muggle television diviners. Give them a ring on the telephone and they’ll charge you a couple quid a minute to tell you your lover’s unfaithful.

Instead, Severus narrowed his eyes dangerously, and if Albus couldn’t see the threat in that, then Severus couldn’t be held responsible for his actions. Was there no one with any sense of lawfulness? He felt as though he were beginning to unravel the first ribbons of evidence proving that he was indeed the center of some Hogwarts conspiracy.

Sometimes, Severus rather wished that he hadn’t made himself such a social pariah—at least then he would hear enough gossip to know who was behind it all.

“I insist that you make him attend his detentions. He cannot expect to be treated any better than the other students simply because he’s some paladin with a boot on the chest of the most recent demagogue,” Severus snarled.

“I’d hardly call Voldemort a demagogue, Severus, honestly,” Dumbledore dismissed casually.

“Yes, and I’d hardly call your segues subtle, Dumbledore. You’re trying to derail me. I insist that you require the brat to attend his detentions!”

Dumbledore finally looked down from the ceiling and gave Severus the oddest look he’d ever seen, which, admittedly, coming from Dumbledore was quite magnificent. It was when Severus noticed the distinct lack of a second lemon drop in the headmaster’s mouth that he realized he should probably bite his tongue. It would not do to be dismissed for lack of faith in the twice and current savior.

“Severus…” Dumbledore began hesitantly, and if that wasn’t odd, Severus could fancy himself next in line for a seat in Parliament. “Don’t you think that perhaps, given the circumstances of course, that you could be a little less…harsh on the boy? Surely even you understand the magnitude of this situation. It’s most certainly not something to be taken lightly.”

“What are you talking about?” Severus ground out. And if Albus Dumbledore didn’t stop running him in circles and defending the bloody Brat-Who-Repeadly-Lived, he might just rip his own hair out.

In the end, Dumbledore had given him a pitying look—as if he needed any sort of pity—and told him in no uncertain words that for once, he was going to have to get his information elsewhere. Which meant that he was going to have to get it from Potter.

There was something afoot, and Severus hated nothing more than he hated a mystery.

-x-

In class the next day, he was fuming because certainly a night spent lying awake discovering new and painful ways to humiliate Potter for disregarding his authority would leave one with little time for rest. He was tired and peevish, which wasn’t something altogether unusual, but since it was in fact Potter who’d put him in the position, it was only expected that Potter receive the brunt of it.

And that wasn’t unusual, either.

So, when the seventh years stumbled into his class, he paired Potter with Longbottom and deliberately assigned a potion that Potter wouldn’t have even been able to brew with Granger next to him, and waited it out. It was seven minutes before class end when he heard it. The unmistakable glorious sound of