he hasn’t gotten them quite right, so Zayn is behind him. Liam yelps softly as Zayn’s arms encircle his and places his hands where they need to be. Zayn is aware of how painfully close he is to the boy, and he hopes his body doesn’t betray him as he shows Liam how to hit the cue ball properly.

His hand slides up Liam’s arm down to the boy’s waist, moving his stance so Liam is more comfortable and able to hit the ball correctly. “Now, just angle it correctly math genius and you should be good.” He whispers into Liam’s ear, and steps away, watching carefully as Liam swallows hard and takes his turn.

Surprisingly, Liam hits the cue ball dead on, causing a solid and a stripe ball to go down in one of the middle pockets. Liam is now chewing his bottom lip vigorously and mumbling an apology like he had killed Zayn’s puppy or something.

Zayn laughs lightly and smiles. “Don’t apologize; it’s all part of the learning process. The good news is that you got one of yours in as well. Good job.” He pats Liam’s shoulder, smiling while taking his position to take his turn. He manages to hit his ball in and smiles, nodding toward the table to Liam to take his turn.

Once again, Zayn finds himself behind Liam, helping him with his stance. This time, however, Liam’s ass is pushing up against Zayn’s crotch, and damnitt, he’s got to be doing this on purpose because he doesn’t remember having this problem the last time. He pulls away and Liam takes his turn, Zayn too busy trying to calm his raging hard on in his pants to notice Liam’s devilish smirk. And when Zayn does look at him, it’s gone.

The game continues without much else, Zayn winning in the end because, of course, it’s Liam’s first game. Zayn insists on another, and Liam agrees, going to pay the money for the next game as much to Zayn’s protest.

Liam’s back and they set up the game like before and Liam’s claiming that he wants a go at breaking them this time, and Zayn can’t deny those soft chocolate eyes, so he’s nodding a yes, and lifts the rack off the balls.

“Help me.” Liam whines as he gets into position. “I’m not sure if I’m doing this right, and I don’t want to make a complete fool of myself for not being able to break.” Zayn is chuckling, but heads over to his spot behind Liam once again, leaning down so his chest is flush with Liam’s broad back. Next thing he knows, he’s feeling Liam back up against his crotch again and a moan is escaping his lips without his permission and okay now he knows Liam is doing this on purpose.

Zayn can feel himself flush as he realizes that the moan wasn’t inside his head, it actually came out of his mouth, and now Liam’s rubbing his ass more animatedly against him, and Zayn can’t help it when his hands come to rest on either side of the younger boy’s hips. God, is he dreaming? Because this seems like something out of them, something he’s been dying to do to the boy since what seems like the beginning of time.

Liam hums happily, and Zayn breathes “Fuck” under his breathe, he hopes the door behind him is closed and locked because its taking all he has right now not to strip them both down and fuck the boy into the pool table.

With Zayn’s hesitation, Liam is pushing back against Zayn’s body now, where they are now standing up with his back still flush with Zayn’s chest when he purrs a soft, “Zayn, if you don’t fuck me, I’ll find someone that will.” And that’s it, Zayn’s a fumbling mess.

He had no idea where this side of Liam is coming from, but he isn’t going to argue, because he finds it completely fucking hot. Zayn moves away from him for a moment, to check the door and found it had already been shut and locked as well. This idea intrigued him; the fact that Liam had pretty much planned this was even more of a reason why Zayn loved this side of him.

Quickly returning to the awaiting boy, Zayn fumbled with Liam’s shirt as he placed messy kisses on his neck. Liam is whimpering to leave it and so he does, sliding his hands down to the buckle of his jeans, making quick work of it and unbuttoning the jeans as he presses Liam back against the table. Liam’s hands are just as busy, ruffling the Zayn’s raven hair beyond repair and clutching the back of his shirt when he feels his pants being tugged down.

Zayn found Liam’s lips now, between the wet kisses and the feeling of