that topic and focuses on a lighter one. He lies down on Louis' chest and listens to his steady heartbeat. Louis hums and Zayn loves the vibrations he feels emit through his body. "The arrow?" He asks, touching Louis' arm.

"To have faith in the directions I choose to go in.. not to double back."

"It is what it is?"

Louis chortles lightly and Zayn lifts his head to look up at Louis, with soft, patient eyes.

"I hate my life, Zayn." He spoke in an even voice. "I still do. But I've just learnt to accept things are the way they are." He shrugs. "Just spent a lot of time harping on the idea of why some people have shitty lives while others live the best of the best.. and I realised that thinking like that isn't going to change anything."

Zayn rolls off of Louis and sits up, pulling his knees close to his chest. "You know that you can still change things, turn them around... Get out of here."

Louis shakes his head. It was no longer a possibility to him.

Zayn snuggles up closer to him and presses warm kisses to his neck. "I think you can." He insists and his faith in him makes Louis smile.

***

The following day Louis is bored at work at the DVD rental shop. No one ever comes here anymore since everyone watches everything online. DVDs are basically the new VHS. It's unfortunately why his pay is so shit. He's so disinterested in his job that he doesn't care to look up at customers who walk into the store and doesn't notice when Zayn does until something dirty is whispered in his ear.

"Will fucking you on the job get you fired?" Louis grins as he looks up at Zayn's mirrored expression. "Well?" Zayn pushes and leans on the counter before he nips at Louis' bottom lip.

Louis looks around – just to make sure – and pulls Zayn to the employee bathroom stall where he fucks the life out of him.

 

"Can't you find another job somewhere else that pays more?" Zayn asks. He's decided to hang out with Louis at work for the rest of the afternoon.

"No. 'm not really qualified enough for anything with a decent pay."

"... What about uni?"

"School's not my thing, Zayn. I'm not books smart and I don't like it either."

It just wasn't for Louis. The same couldn't be said about Zayn. Louis remembers that for the last two years that he was at high school – and the first two for Zayn – Zayn would always get an award for exceptional academic achievement and would always come out first in his class.

Zayn sighs and hugs Louis from behind. He kisses the back of his neck and lets his hands disappear under Louis' shirt. "We're like... boyfriends, right?" Zayn asks rather suddenly and Louis laughs. He twists his head back to look at Zayn with a smirk on his face.

"Do you want to be my boyfriend?" Zayn nods against Louis' back. "Well then, we're boyfriends." 

Zayn's as giddy as a Barbie girl in a makeup shop. "I just had to hear it for it to be official." He gleams before he's off giving Louis all the kisses in the world again.

 

"Are you going back to your place?" Zayn asks when it comes to the end of Louis' shift and he's busy locking up for the night.

"I've gotta go to my aunt's." It's always his aunt that Louis uses to lie to Zayn about where he really goes and what he really does. Truck drivers are plentiful in Sparks on Tuesday and Thursday as those are the most popular delivery and return days in the country, so the little town is used as a convenient rest stop. They're also Louis' busiest days in comparison to the random odd shag he can bag throughout the week (if he's lucky enough). He anxiously checks for the box of condoms in his hoodie pocket. He hates lying to people he cares about but he's not proud of what he does – who would be? "But I'm free tomorrow and all yours for the weekend?"

"Alright." Zayn forces a smile. "Don't go fucking up your face anymore, please." Zayn holds Louis' chin in his hand and eyes the maroon marks.

"I'll be fine." Louis whispers against Zayn's lips before giving him a quick peck.     

 

Louis was busy buying a pack of cigarettes at a gas station the first time that he was approached – or rather, hit on – by someone looking for sex.

"Look at the ass on you."

"Excuse me?" Louis almost started swinging right then and there.

"You selling, boy?" The overweight, greasy trucker asked as he raked his eyes over Louis' figure.

"Yea?" Louis decided to play along