No one ever goes there anyway, so do you think we could--?”

                Also, he has the very helpful habit of suggesting secret passages and hidden rendezvous points. Though I’d prefer it if he would stop winking at me like that—Doesn’t he know it makes him look like he’s got a seizure?

                “Sorry, sir, but I have to serve His Highness his tea…”

                When I get tired of the more direct approaches, playing hard-to-get works well sometimes too.

                “Aw, c’mon, the brat can wait a little longer--”

                And then he makes the mistake of trying to put his arm around my shoulder. Again.

                “—Oomph!”

                “Gosh, sorry, sir, I--”

                “It’s f-fine. H-heh, the little bugger’s getting restless, huh?” His voice sounds unnaturally high, unsurprising considering where I hit him this time. I still can’t believe that he actually buys what I said about my beating him up time and again being a reflex when the baby kicks. “So… can I get another one of those boiled eggs?”

                “Tomorrow, I promise.” I’ll have Conrad make a batch tonight. Surely even he can do that much…

                “Can’t I come over to your place?”

                Uh-oh, I almost smiled at the idea of him face-to-face with the Lion of Lutenberg. “But, uhm, you know, there’s…”

                “Oh, yeah. Your boyfriend.” He’s known all along that I have a man in my life –believe it or not, it’s pretty hard not to notice—but for washed-out army-rejects like him, the prospect of having to man it out over a pregnant chick gets his testosterone pumping in a way his almost-desk job doesn’t. Heh, wait till he sees what a real soldier can do, one that’s not sporting a maternity dress.

                I pause. Now, since when did I start not minding—even hoping that someone else would pick up my fights?

                I’ve always had to deal with slimeballs like this one when I’m on missions, but I’ve always dealt with them myself. Okay, maybe that’s another reason why the ‘defenseless’ part of my disguise never worked out, but hey, there’s only so much I can take before I throw ‘for the good of the mission’ out the window, together with the man harassing me at the moment. This time, however, it seems that I have someone else to do my dirty work for me.

                And that’s a real novelty, because I specialize in dirty work.

                I dodge a few more of the guard’s pick-up lines, he tries –and fails—to dodge a couple more of my hits. After a particularly brutal one to his solar plexus, he finally slinks off, and I actually have to stop for a breath. Damn, were these corridors always so long? Must be because I’m getting bigger…

                I absentmindedly rub my belly as I make my way to the youngest prince of Conanshia’s personal dining room.

                His Majesty Prince Ian is not only the youngest amongst his brothers, he’s also the scrawniest. Now, something I noticed about men over the years—when they choose a woman as well-endowed as I am, they’re either the type who likes to brag and compare body sizes, or the ones who need a little (or a lot) of pushing around in their lives. If the guard before has the ego of the former, the prince is a lampshaded example of the latter.

                “Gurie-chan,” he smiles with what is probably supposed to be reassurance as he ushers me in, taking the trolley away from my hands and sitting me down next to him. “You must be tired, here, have a seat.”

                “Thank you.” Though maybe you should’ve said that before you forced me into a chair.

                A rather awkward silence ensues, emphasized by the lack of any other servants in the room. Sneaky little thing, getting me alone yet acting too shy to make the first move. I help myself to some of the food we cooked for him as he plays around with his carrots, enjoying the peace and quiet for a while before I decide the atmosphere is just the right mix of awkwardness and sexual tension.

                “Your Highness…” I pause, looking at the ground to keep myself from laughing. Oh, if only the second son could see me now—even I didn’t know I could play the innocent girl act so well. “I… My fiancé…”

                “He’s here, isn’t he?” The prince is probably hearing some dramatically melancholic background music playing in his head, the way he puts down his spoon with a hilariously serious expression. “Does he know?”

                “Yes, and he…” I clap my hands around my mouth, shoulders shaking uncontrollably. “He proposed to me. He wants