to greet me.” liam said slightly laughing. 



“Aw what's his name?” 



“Watson, you’ll love him” 



15 minutes later, Liam pulled up to a huge gate leading up to the driveway pushing a button attached to the visor of his car. Zayn was astonished by the sight in front of him as they rolled up the driveway. There was a beautiful modern looking mansion with an array of bushes and plants along the house. Liam pulled into his garage before zayn could take in the rest of the exterior, but even the garage was beautiful he spotted a white range rover along with a cherry red convertible ferrari. 



Zayn knew liam was rich but he didn't realise just how rich he was till in this moment. He felt a little anxious not wanting to ruin anything in liams home because he knew he wouldn't be able to pay for it. Before his thoughts could get the better of him his door was opened once again by liam “thank you” he whispered, following behind liam after his door was shut. If Zayn wasn't shocked by the exterior he sure was by the interior.



 This was a house zayn could only ever dream of stepping foot in. There was a grand staircase leading up to a corridor that was surely foiled with marvelous rooms. The wooden floors echoed whenever you took a step, and zayn could hear a distinctive noise running along them, liam did too. “Watson!” liam shouted as a giant grey dog came running down the corridor,  Watson pushed liam back a little by the force he collided into with, standing on him licking his face with excitement “alright settle down puppy, sit.” The dog obeyed the command and zayn couldn't help but aw out loud “he's so cute liam,  how old is he?” Liam looked back at zayn “he's just turned one actually” zayn took a step forward bending down a little to pet the dog “Hi watson, you're so cute”



“I'm going to get some stuff for the boat real quick you want anything to drink love?”



“No thank you.” He couldn't help but blush every time liam called him “love” it was such a foreign petname to him. Zayn entertained himself playing with watson while liam got the stuff they needed. He couldn't wait to tell his friends about tonight he knew they'd be excited for him and his new possible love interest. Liam came back shortly with some blankets and 2 water bottles. “Are you ready?” he asked and i nodded pulling my hand from watson's head. He lead zayn outside which had a giant pool and a garden full of beautiful flowers, and if he wasn't crazy he could've sworn he saw a tennis court further down the yard, but he wasn't sure as they walked the opposite way towards the lake dock. Soon they were standing in front of a small boat, liam helping zayn in by grabbing his tiny waist. 



Liam handed him the blanket and water before jumping in himself. “Come sit next to me you’ll avoid getting wet” Liam said and zayn quietly obeyed. When they started moving zayn was in awe he never realised how beautiful the city looked from the water. Everything seemed so far away but he liked it. 



About twenty minutes into the ride liam stopped the boat in the middle of the lake, anchoring it. “I figured we could chill for a little before going back to shore.” Zayn smiled at that “yeah of course.” Liam and zayn decided to sit in the back for more space but zayn was convinced liam just wanted an excuse to sit closer to him. As the night progressed it got chillier, Liam’s white fuzzy blanket coming in handy. Liam inching closer to zayn with every word spoken and before either of them knew it he had his arms wrapped around Zayn's frail shoulders. Zayn reacted by cuddling into liam's chest. 



They spoke quietly about things they loved and hated all while watching the star filled sky, reflect off the lake. In a noisy city that couldn't be heard it was just them and zayn felt special, not having to share this moment with anyone but him and liam. 



 “I had a lot of fun with you tonight zayn” Liam looked down seeing the beautiful boys eye lashes bat up at him “Me too liam” in the heat of the moment liam leaned further down catching zayn's warm lips against his. Zayn kissed back immediately, spark’s illuminating within him. A small peck turned into two and turned into a mini-make out session. Zayn felt amazing high off the intimacy being shared between the two  but he couldn't allow anything to go further than this. He needed assurance that this was as special for liam as it was for him. Liam had to work for this. He pulled away from this kiss before it could go any further. Wrapping his arms around liam's back, he moved his face to hide between Liams neck and shoulder, inhaling his scent of expensive cologne with a hint of cigarette