groups of people leaving from it. From what he could tell, that was the counseling center, and based on the exhausted and irritated expressions on the other teens’ faces, it was also going to be the worst part of this whole venture. 

“Get out,” his father ordered without sparing him a glance. Niall looked between his mother, who still refused to even look at him, and his cold hearted father, and let out a small sorrowful sigh. He pushed the car door open and slid out of it, shutting the door behind him. The trunk opened up upon his departure and he used that moment to grab his baggage and slowly pulled it out, shutting the trunk shortly after. 

He walked back towards the driver’s side door where his father was awaiting him with narrowed eyes. Niall expected him to say something comforting, something that would make this whole experience worthwhile. “Don’t disappoint us,” was all his father said before he drove away, not even giving Niall a hug goodbye. That was that then. His parents hated him for being who he was, and now, in order to earn their love, he had to change his entire being. 

Niall sighed before turning to face the camp, watching as several teenagers around his age walked around, each one looking more scared than the last. They each held a small piece of paper in their hands as they walked to their respective houses, and Niall was now feeling anxious. 

He would be put into a group and sent to live there until this whole event was over. What if he didn’t like his group? What if they didn’t like him? Niall did not even have a chance to question this further before he felt someone tap his shoulder. He turned to find a young man, maybe a bit younger than him, with curly brown hair and pale skin staring at him with a scared expression on his handsome face. 

“Excuse me… Do you know where we’re supposed to sign in?” He asked timidly, his hazel colored eyes glancing around nervously. 

“No, I don’t. I just got here myself. Maybe we can find it together?” Niall suggested, shrugging his shoulders. The other boy’s expression relaxed, a small smile overtaking his features and he nodded gratefully. 

“I’d like that. I’m Harry,” he introduced himself, holding his hand out for him to shake. Niall glanced down before a wide grin appeared on his own lips. 

“I’m Niall,” the blonde replied and clasped his hand in Harry’s, feeling relaxation begin to take over. So far, it wasn’t so terrible here. Hell, he had only been here for ten minutes and already he had made a new friend. 

“Niall?” Harry asked, scrunching his nose as he attempted to say his name. It was kind of cute, now that he thought about it. Under normal circumstances, he might have even had a crush on the curly haired cutie, although he had an inkling that that kind of thing was strictly prohibited here. 

“That’s right,” he said, nodding in confirmation. The two boys walked down the path, following another group up ahead of them who had yet to have their papers as well. Harry and Niall talked the whole way down the path, getting to know one another, that is, until they had to stop in front of a small table where an older man was holding a stack of papers, shuffling through them. 

“Names?” He asked, keeping his gaze firmly on the papers in his grasp. 

“Niall Horan,” the Irish lad spoke first, exchanging a curious glance with Harry. The man at the table nodded and shuffled through the stack, eventually pulling out a piece of paper and handing it to the blonde. 

“That paper has your House name and your activities. It also explains what to expect here and when your counseling sessions are,” he said, and then turned to the curly haired boy. 

“Name?” He asked, shifting through them. Harry gave his reply and Niall took the opportunity to examine his sheet. He was to be in House Four and his sessions were every Tuesday and Thursday at noon. He was anxious about them, but he needed to get better. For his parents. 

Niall glanced at Harry as the boy came to a stop beside him, glancing down at his own sheet. “Which house are you in?” He asked, holding up his own piece of paper. “Four,” Harry replied, scrunching his features as he read his sheet. 

“We’re in the same house,” Niall said, his grin returning to his face. It was nice to know that he wasn’t going to be completely alone here, at least he had Harry. The younger boy returned his grin, seemingly sharing his sentiments. 

“Come on, let’s go check out our new place,” he said, already heading towards the eastern area of camp where their house awaited them. Harry followed after him, although he was returning to his frightened state as they stopped