hot heat of the elder envelop his dick.’ 


“Oh my god…” Baekhyun whispered to himself as he read the words, feeling his entire body warm up and that familiar pool of heat in the pit of his stomach grow the more he read.


‘Baekhyun moaned as he bucked his hips up, begging for the younger to go fa-’


“Hey, hyung-”

The phone fell from his hands as his head whipped toward the voice as soon as the door opened to reveal the last person he’d want to see.

“S-Sehun, hey. Did you need something?”

“Uhm I just wanted to talk to you,” the younger looked at him curiously and then down at his fallen phone, “What were you doing?”

Baekhyun swallowed hard, grabbing his phone and locking it. He also grabbed onto the blanket to casually throw over his lap to hide the subtle bulge in his sweatpants before the younger saw and embarrass himself any further.

“Nothing, you know just- Instagram and stuff.”

Sehun didn’t really buy it, but decided to brush it off since he came here to talk to the elder about something. “Right...Well I just uh wanted to ask you if you were mad at me or anything.”

Baekhyun was somewhat shocked by his question. Why would he be mad at him? “No, of course not. Why would you ask that? Did you do something?”

“No! No it’s because you’ve been acting weird and quiet around me. I was just wondering if I did anything to piss you off.”

There it was, the guilt. It was almost eating Baekhyun alive. He knew he was being unfair to Sehun, the younger didn’t do anything wrong and he had been avoiding him like the plague when they were suppose to be spending time together now that they actually had free time in their usually busy schedules.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean- I’ve just been really tired but I’m starting to feel better so why don’t we go out for bubble tea tomorrow? My treat.”

“Alright, deal.” He smiled cutely at the elder before exiting and closing the door behind him.

The smile disappeared from the elder’s face as soon as the door closed and he fell back onto the bed with a load groan.


You really need to get your shit other Byun Baekhyun.


He lied on the bed for a few minutes feeling sorry for himself, then decided to get off his ass and do something productive. After rummaging through his closet for a nice clean set of t-shirt and sweatpants, he hopped into the shower and let the water wash away his shame.

Meanwhile, Sehun forgot to ask Baekhyun what time they were suppose to go tomorrow since he had already made plans with Jongin to go to the practice room around noon.

He headed back to the elder’s room, promptly entering when there was no reply to his knocking. He was greeted with an empty room, then realized the elder was probably in the shower after hearing the water running from across the hall. Something on the bed caught his eye, stopping him right as he was about to exit the room.

Baekhyun’s phone. Weird, Sehun thought, the elder usually used to listen to music while he was showering. He figured Baekhyun probably forgot since he’d been so tired. The more he stared at it, the more he wondered why Baekhyun was acting so weird earlier when he came into his room.

I wonder if he was watching porn... His hands were practically itching to get ahold of it and see for himself. Telling himself to leave it alone and go, he slowly made his way out of the room; however, curiosity got the best of him and before he knew it, he was quickly and quietly closing the door behind him and jumping onto the messy bed to grab the phone.

He punched in Baekhyun’s passcode which he remembered from last time the elder let him use his phone to call his own when he had lost it. It was somewhat of a shock when he saw that the other had been reading something, he wasn’t expecting anything like that. Looking back at the door, he checked to make sure Baekhyun was about to barge into the room anytime soon before scrolling up to see what the elder was reading.

‘SeBaek Oneshot (NC-17),’ he mouthed out the title of the page.


Sebaek? Like the name the fans came up with for me and Baek-hyung?


“NC-17? What does that mean?” he whispered to himself as he scrolled back down to check out the story.

He stopped when a certain word on the page caught his eye. ‘Sehun-oppa’ He swallowed hard, tried to push the dirty thoughts of Baekhyun calling him that out of his head as he continued reading the story.

His entire body heat up as the explicit words painted pictures of the elder dressed up as a schoolgirl in his head. He did have to admit he thought Baekhyun looked really good when he first saw him dressed like that for the