would trail his hands down his back, tugging one of his ears to make him gasp when his fingers wrap around the base of his tail and- 

jaebum should really not be thinking about this while the maknaes are so close. 

he wills the thoughts out of his brain and closes his eyes fully, letting the steady sounds of bambam's purring mixed with the dialogue from the tv lull him to sleep again. 

 

 

jaebum doesn't know how much later it is when he wakes up. he opens his eyes, noticing that both bambam and yugyeom are gone and the tv has been turned off. there's now a blanket draped over him and from the scent lingering on it. it had been yugyeom's doing.  seems like the evil maknae can be kind to his hyungs, sometimes. 

unwilling to wake up fully yet, he pushes himself into a somewhat upright position slowly, ears twitching as he searches for any signs of the other members in the dorm. he hears the shower clicking off and music playing through headphones from mark and jackson's rooms. he purses his lips as he listens for the rest of the members before he remembers that jinyoung and youngjae had decided to head to the studio and jackson had some sort of solo schedule today. that leaves him, mark and one of the maknae's left in the dorm. 

"hyung~" he hears bambam call as the bathroom door opens. guess that answers the question of which maknae is still in the dorm. 

he's not sure which hyung bambam is calling out for and debates just not answering the younger at all and going back to sleep, but he's pretty sure he's already slept most of the day away at this point and he's not even sure if he could get back to sleep with the way bambam's whining is increasing in volume. 

"hyuung~" bambam all but yells. 

"yah, bambam. shut up!" jaebum yells back, his only answering being the sound of bear feet against their wooden floors as bambam makes his way down to the lounge. 

"jaebum-hyung," bambam says and jaebum looks up to see a still dripping bambam standing at the edge of the couch, "where's jackson-hyung and yugyeom?" 

the younger is dressed in an oversized shirt that, by the smell of it, is yugyeom's and too big basket ball shorts that you wouldn't even need jaebum's heightened sense of smell to be able to tell they were jackson's. his dark hair in dripping down his face in wet strands, ears soggy and flopping from the weight of moisture. jaebum sighs, his tail is probably making a puddle on the ground beneath him. 

"out," jaebum answers. he's not the most talkative when he's tired. 

bambam pouts, "how am i gonna dry my tail now?" he wiggles his left hand that jaebum now notices is holding a hair dryer and comb. 

"can't you just do it yourself?" jaebum rolls his eyes, the question causing bambam to pout harder. 

"no! how am i supposed to get all the parts that i can't reach? then my tail will just get all knotty and annoying. it's just easier for someone else to do it for you," bambam says it like jaebum should know this and it was stupid of him to even ask. 

jaebum frowns, his own tail flickering in response as he thinks about how while he was growing up he had to learn how to groom his ear and tails himself. he hadn't even known until he was in his teenage years that they made shampoos especially catered to hybrids that would keep his fur in the best condition, his parents had always just bought him regular shampoo. he used to save up all his allowance so he could buy the shampoo for himself- because when he asked his parents for it they had just looked at him funny, and asked why would he need special shampoo just because he had cat ears and a tail. he supposes that bambam had a very different experience growing up, with a strong line of hybrids in his family tree and two in his immediate family, while jaebum's parents really weren't expecting to raise a hybrid. 

"is mark-hyung still home?" the question breaks jaebum out of his thoughts and bambam looks at him expectantly. 

"i could do it for you," jaebum says before he can even regitster the words in his brain. 

bambam looks surprised, "really?" he asks, taken back. 

"er-," no point in backing out now, jaebum, it would just look weird, "yeah, but just be warned, i've never... groomed someone else before." 

"really?" bambam repeats looking even more shocked this time and jaebum definitely isn't blushing, it's just hot in here.

"yes, really," he tilts his voice higher at the end, mocking the younger boy's accent in hope to regain some of his dignity. 

bambam doesn't even blink, too use to it now to react.

"don't worry hyung,