mutual partner. When Dean starts fucking into him with his tongue, Castiel lets out a series of curses weaved into shallow gasps and stuttered moans. "Feels so good, Dean," he pants out desperately, voice sounding completely wrecked and knees threatening to buckle. 

Dean continues to tongue relentlessly at Cas' puckering entrance, spreading and digging his blunt nails into the fleshy globes of his backside. He abandons one cheek to tangle a hand into Jimmy's hair when he feels that warmth moistness of his mouth engulf him, instantly bucking into the sensation and groaning when Jimmy just takes it without so much as a gag. By the time the younger Novak sets a pace, Dean's fucking his tongue into Cas feverishly, ignoring the slight ache from his awkward positioning and totally uncaring of the saliva dribbling down his chin. "Could do this all night, baby. Love eating this sweet, little ass. Love the sounds you make when you're getting rimmed. You always get so loud," Dean encourages, warm breath coasting over Castiel's genitals while he attempts to catch his breath--which is close to impossible given Jimmy's enthusiastic sucking.

Cas is good at giving head too but Jimmy is...something else; the fact that he lacks a gag reflex probably being the main thing that separates him and his brother. He takes him so easily, always starting with shy, little sucks and licks against his shaft before polishing the head of his cock with that flat of his tongue. He works his hand over Dean's hard dick, squeezing enough to make the foreskin gather and precome leak at the tip before swirling his tongue into the loose skin until his mouth is salty and wet. This kind of torture continues for at least two minutes--Jimmy just savoring and worshiping every magnificent inch of Dean's manhood--before he grows bolder, finally gathering enough confidence to look up and watch the way Dean's chest heaves under his touch and admire the pronounced lines of his jaw while it snaps between Cas' flawless cheeks. He hums around the thick cock in his mouth at the sight of his brother gradually losing his composure,  momentarily overlooking his jealousy to revel in Castiel's apparent bliss and the quiet, little pleasurable sobs spilling from his mouth.

It isn't until Jimmy starts to deep throat him that Dean finally pulls away and looks down at him. Although he's been petting his hair throughout, the eye contact is what really makes Jimmy squirm. The moment that hard, emerald gaze is upon him, he's hit with this wave of determination to give Dean anything and everything and does whatever he can to demonstrate that enthusiasm. 

"Son of a bitch, J-Jimmy," Dean exhales, both hands shooting up to brace either side of the younger boy's head as he bottoms out over his cock, nose buried in the dark curls at his base and tongue cupping the underside of his member with every descent. "That's it, baby. Fuck, you're such a good, little cocksucker," Dean whispers, having to tear his eyes away for a moment just to keep from succumbing to the pleasure early. Once he gets his second wind, he looks down and groans, carding a hand through Jimmy's damp hair, "but you already knew that, huh, baby? You love being talked to like that, don't you? Like being called a little cocksucker because you're so fucking good at it." Dean gnashes his teeth when Jimmy just hums around him in response and starts bobbing over him in slow, deliberate drags, taking him to the hilt each time. A breathless smile spreads over his face when Cas reaches down to wipe the pressure induced tears from his brother's cheeks, swiping his thumb beneath each eye before affectionately petting his hair alongside Dean's own hand. 

Meanwhile, Cas trails his lips across Dean's shoulder and neck, only seeking out his lips once his throat is sufficiently covered in blemishes and hickeys. They kiss, hot and deep, while Castiel continues to guide his brother's head over Dean's cock with the hand in his hair, setting the pace for him. He swipes his tongue across Dean's tongue and teeth, groaning into his mouth hungrily when Dean starts to toy with one of his nipples, rolling and pinching it between his fingertips. Dean chuckles from somewhere deep in his chest at the little gasps Cas lets out and the way he glares and whimpers all at once, looking as though he's about to implode from overstimulation. "What's wrong, baby? Too much?" Dean teases with a smirk, loving how hard Castiel tries to maintain his sobriety during foreplay. Unlike Jimmy, who is not beyond begging for it, Cas will hold out as long as he can. 

"Fuck off," Cas replies bluntly, embarrassment surfacing on his cheeks in the form of a blush. When Dean twists, something like a punishment for his language, Castiel exhales sharply and involuntarily grinds right up against Dean's thigh, leaving the skin shiny and wet. 

"Better check that attitude,