s better if she comes with them after all.

But then they pull away, and he sees the determination that's still written all over her face.

"Get out of my way." She orders, saying his name when he doesn't move, "Carl!"

"Just grab some pistols from the closet." He tells her, "but hurry, we've gotta go now."

He waits until she has rushed inside the closet, and then he makes his move, rushing towards the door and slamming it shut, pushing a chair under the handle.

She shouts his name angrily from the other side of the door, slamming her hand against it in an attempt to get it back open.

"What happens if you don't come back?" She asks suddenly, after several seconds of silence, "how am I supposed to live with that? What the hell am I supposed to do?"

Carl thinks in silence for a few seconds, unsure of how exactly to reply, but then he does.

"Just survive somehow."

Five times Carl kissed Enid and one time he kissed Ron.


I'm not saving you anymore.


"You weren't taking a drive." She says matter-of-factly. Carl doesn't look at her as she realises what he's planning to do. "You weren't coming to get me."

He glances at her, "I can't let him get away with this. You know I can't."

"I know."

Suddenly an idea pops into his head, and he blurts it out without really thinking.

"Come with me! You wanna kill him too, we can do it."

She looks like she considers it for a few seconds, but then she glances towards the Hilltop and changes the subject.

"You said it. It wouldn't be for us, not for Abraham, not for Glenn, not for Maggie. You're doing it for you." She moves towards him as she speaks, trying to make eye contact with him.

Carl looks down at the ground, avoiding her gaze, nodding, "yeah."

Enid gets closer, so close that he can feel her breath on his lips, and he's brought all the way back to that moment in the tree where they shared their first kiss; his first kiss.

"So it all goes right," she says, "and you do it. How do you get away?"

He shakes his head, "it wouldn't matter."

"It would to me!" She looks up at him desperately, begging him with her eyes.

He sighs and closes his own, resting his forehead against hers for a few moments before moving away and gently kissing her forehead.

She looks up at him again, and before he can really think about it he's connecting their lips in a short, sweet kiss. It's similar to the one she gave to him before she left Alexandria, when the Wolves attacked and she left him a note telling him to Just Survive Somehow.

"Please don't go." She whispers against his lips when they pull away, "just come with me, you can't-"

He shakes his head, "I'm just gonna go home."

Enid looks at him for a moment, "you're lying."

He looks away, "no, I'm not."

She chuckles quietly, "you shouldn't go," she tells him, "but I can't stop you."

She moves away from him and starts making her way towards the walls.

"They'll see you." He says as she starts to go.

"No." She answers, "they won't."

And then she leaves him, and he watches her walk away, wondering if it's the last time he'll ever see her and if that's the last kiss they'll ever share.

Five times Carl kissed Enid and one time he kissed Ron.


You made it back in one piece. You're still here.


Carl stands quietly as the gates to the Hilltop roll open. Maggie stands at the entrance, smiling and ready to greet all of them. It feels as though he hasn't seen her in months, even though it's only been days.

His legs seem be moving on their own accord, people around him are hugging and smiling and crying. Daryl appears with Jesus from behind the corner of one of the buildings and his dad immediately goes over to hug him after hugging Maggie.

There are so many emotions flying around in his head that it's hard to make sense of them, he's just glad to be away from Negan and the sanctuary.

And then Enid sees him.

She catches his eye as she's jogging down to meet the group, and for a second he forgets that she probably thought that she was never going to see him again.

He walks up to her slowly, unsure of how to act around her, worried that she'll be angry with him. He can't tell just