bed snoring softly.

The dog sniffs around one of the bottles before licking the floor under it. Dean nudges her away with her foot. “You don’t mix alcohol and pain meds, girl.” He scolds.

He’s too tired to do anything more than toe off his boots, plop on the empty bed and stare at Sam’s stupid sleeping face with his stupid hair falling over it before falling asleep.

.

He wakes up to his face being licked and the smell of wet dog who rolled around in garbage and then played with dead animals. Sam is now curled up on the other bed. It’s not important, Dean thinks, but he fell asleep with his shoes on. Passed out may be more like it. It’s very rare for Sam to drink that much, let alone by himself. Why would he-?

And Dean remembers last night. Is it too early to drink yet? 

He sits up, facing his brother. The peaceful face he’s confronted with looks nothing at all like the soul-crushed expression he had on the last time Dean saw him awake, just before taking Baby for a ride around town. Not running away. Why would he?

“Don’t look at me like that,” he tells the dog that tries to wag her tail. “there’s nothing to talk about so I’m not waking him up.”

.

Three hours later Dean finds himself explaining to a very hung-over Sam that yes, that is a dog eating some leftovers from the floor and no, they’re not keeping it. Neither man makes an effort to acknowledge any event that may have transpired before Dean ran over a dog.

“So what’s her name?” Sam slurs, and Dean definitely does not think that ‘disheveled, hungover and confused’ is a look only his brother could make attractive.

“Dunno. And don’t matter ‘cause we’re not keeping it.” Dean gets up from the small table where they were each nursing a cup of coffee.

He tries to fill the silence that follows. Moves his chair around, taps his feet, drums his fingers, hums a tuneless song, anything to avoid—

“Dean, we need to talk.” –that.

“Gotta take the mutt to the vet.” Dean shrugs.

What can you do? Doggy needs her meds. If Dean looks away, it’s really not because he doesn’t want to see Sam’s heartbroken face, he’s just looking for his keys. And here they are in his pocket, as usual.

.

Turns out it really was a good thing the mutt has all that fur. It broke her fall so she wouldn’t break her hip. Somehow it doesn’t make Dean feel any better.

He’s starting to accept the fact that yes, he really likes his brother that way and yes, they are both consenting adults and what they do is no one’s business but their own and no, last night wasn’t a fluke. He just needs to put it into actual spoken words and tell Sam that hey, he’s sorry he freaked out and can they try it again?

But of course, nothing ever is that simple in the life of Dean Winchester.

Dean is seeing things

Four days. 

It's been four days and the dog is still around. Dean bathed her so she doesn't smell like death anymore and was surprised to discover her fur is actually light brown, not grey like he first thought. Of course, the act of bathing a dog with a cast on its leg is not something he's looking forward to repeating any time soon.

Also he hasn't said a word to Sam that is not related to either food or their previous hunt. 

Dean scratches behind the mutt's ear absently, doing his best to keep an eye on Sam without actually turning his head which is proving to be a very ineffective technique. The light from the setting sun hits his eyes and makes him see a young, long-haired and completely desirable little brother when he should just see an annoying one.

"I'm going out." He hears Sam say, but doesn't reply. 

He simply keeps reading the newspaper article about a strange string of deaths and scratches the dog. It's not long before she places her head on his lap and looks up at him.

"Stop it with your judging." Dean eyes her. "I'll talk to him, I promise. Worse comes to worse, he doesn't wanna try it again and we forget this ever happened."

If dogs could talk, Dean thinks right now she would be calling him a word that rhymes with 'Howard'. And Dean would pull a face and deny everything. As it is, nobody's being called out at the moment.

"What do you think of this, Sammie?" Oh yes, he named the dog. Her brown fur reminds him of someone who is very dear to him and currently not here. But that's not the reason he