face into Kyungsoo’s neck, kissing softly over the little birthmarks that form a constellation on his damp skin, and that’s when Kyungsoo moans for real, the sound muffled by Kris’s tongue in his mouth.

 

Someone clears a throat behind them quietly, but it seems astonishingly loud to all three; they break apart instantly, though it’s too late now to hide what they’re doing.  Sehun is standing in the doorway, impassive as ever, and he walks lazily over to the cake as if the other three are merely sharing polite conversation.

 

“What are you doing?” Kyungsoo asks, wiping the back of his mouth with a hand.  “You can’t have two pieces of—”

 

Sehun turns to stare silently at each of the three of them—and very pointedly at where Kyungsoo’s legs are still wrapped around Kris’s hips—and helps himself to another piece of cake, and Kyungsoo shuts up.  He decides Sehun can have it if he wants to after all.

 

He doesn’t say a word until he reaches the door, having cut himself a larger piece of cake than he would ever have gotten away with in any other non-blackmail situation, and he turns back to look at them with his spoon in his mouth.

 

“Joonmyun hyung has a headache, so you might want to keep it down.” He says quietly, his voice unsteady with suppressed giggles, and shuts the door behind him.

 

“Yeah, we probably shouldn’t be doing this in the kitchen.” Chanyeol runs his hand through his hair.  “We should move to Kris’s room.”

 

Kyungsoo shakes his head, wide-eyed.  “But—Sehun—”

 

“Relax.” Kris grins, tipping Kyungsoo’s face up with his fingers.  “Sehun won’t tell.  He wouldn’t want us telling on him, either.”

 

“You fuc—” Kris cuts Kyungsoo off with a kiss, and his protest melts into a moan. 

 

“That’s right.  We fucked him, and he loved it.” Chanyeol whispers in Kyungsoo’s ear, slipping his hand under Kyungsoo’s shirt to feel his stomach quivering.  “And you will too.”

 

Kyungsoo thinks he should feel some kind of unhappy that these two buffoons already fucked Sehun, but he doesn’t; the thought makes him feel hot all over, excited.  He wonders how Sehun sounded with his voice twisted up into a tight moan, imagines Sehun all flushed and soft and docile as Kris and Chanyeol melted him with the heat of their hands.  He makes a little sound of protest as Kris breaks away from him, his full lips pink and already slightly swollen from the pressure of Kris’s mouth.

 

“Whose bedroom?” He pants.

 

“Mine will be clear all evening.  Joonmyun is spending the night somewhere else.” Kris says smoothly.

 

“How do you know?” Chanyeol raises an eyebrow, and Kris grabs the front of Chanyeol’s shirt and jerks him close, speaking against his mouth.

 

“I have my sources.” Kris murmurs, and Chanyeol gulps visibly.  He parts his lips eagerly for a kiss, but Kris merely nibbles his lower lip softly before pulling away.

 

They lead Kyungsoo down the hall together, Chanyeol’s hand in the small of Kyungsoo’s back and Kyungsoo’s hand dwarfed in Kris’s.  Sehun catches sight of them at the end of the hall and ducks into his room with a snort of laughter.

 

Chanyeol closes the door behind them, and it seems as if that was what Kyungsoo had been waiting for the entire time.  The instant he hears the lock click, he grabs Kris and shoves him down on the bed, straddling Kris’s hips as if Kris is about to run away.

 

“That’s better.” Kyungsoo grins down at Kris, planting his hands on either side of Kris’s head and kissing him fully.  “And get the fuck over here, Chanyeol.”

 

Kris feels the bed dip and Chanyeol’s weight settling on his thighs behind Kyungsoo, and Chanyeol’s warm fingertips trace around Kris’s where they squeeze into the flesh of Kyungsoo’s thighs.

 

Sehun had been needy and pliant and mostly obedient when Kris and Chanyeol had trapped him between them and teased him until he broke down, hot and panting under their combined onslaught.  Neither of them are used to being bullied in their own bedroom, but given that it’s Kyungsoo, it’s not exactly surprising news.  Kyungsoo gets bossy when he’s nervous.

 

Kyungsoo peels his t-shirt over his head in one swift motion.  “Why are you both still dressed?  You are so slow at this.”

 

Chanyeol shakes his head, pulling Kyungsoo up to lean against his chest.  “Sassy Kyungsoo.  Just relax.” He whispers, loud enough for Kris to hear.  Kyungsoo shivers as Chanyeol takes the lobe of his ear between soft lips.

 

“Kyungsoo-yah.” Kris says gently, palming the tight front of Kyungsoo’s jeans.  “Stop worrying and let us take care of you.”  He squeezes fingers around the bulge of Kyungsoo’s fly, relishing the