in the attention, grateful to be reunited with her good friends.

Yet Anders couldn't help the twinge of jealousy at observing all the attention she was receiving.

It wasn't her fault, of course; she deserved every bit of love and attention these people had to offer. It felt foolish, really, but he missed healing her, having the excuse to spend so much time with her, being able to chase others away insisting that she needed rest. Sharing her with the others divided her attention, took away the feeling that he was special, made their forlorn glances a distant memory.

It was foolish, childish, and damnable to feel this way, to want this remarkable woman all to himself. He watched her laugh openly at something said by Varric, pounding her fist on the table while tears poured down her eyes before she reached across to throw her arms around him, still laughing.

Did they not all deserve her attention, obtaining it through their bizarre but undeniable loyalty?

So why did he want it all?

You must push your feelings aside, Justice rumbled. Focus your efforts on our cause.

Easy for you to say, he thought in response. You're a spirit, you haven't been in love.


She is just, more than any of them. That does not mean that she will aid the cause of the mages.


She would help if I asked. We don't need to shut her out. She's righteous, and just, and she's a mage, too.


We must work alone. We have discussed this.


"Blondie?" Anders nearly jumped out of his skin when Varric's voice appeared behind him.

"Yes?" He responded, as calmly as he could muster. He had been so lost in his conversation with Justice he hadn't noticed that the women had stood to grab another round.

Olivia had a glow that encompassed the whole tavern with her arms crossed, leaning over the bar. Her blonde hair always seemed effortlessly wavy, her lips so luscious, her smile so warm that it could ease the temperament of even Fenris.

She was a flame, and those who surrounded her were moths, unable to resist her.

"You alright over here?" Varric asked. "If you scowl any more I might get you confused with our friend Broody."

"It's good having Hawke out and about again. I just worry about her health."

Varric raised a knowing brow. "Her health, eh? Not the fact that you need to share her again?"

Damn that dwarf. He could read all of them too easily. "I... she..." Anders' frown deepened. "There's a lot of action tonight. I don't want her to overexert herself."

"Is that so?" Varric chuckled. "If that's the case, why don't you offer to walk her home? It's dark and she'll welcome the company, I'm sure."

Maker, had it been so long since he had attempted to woo someone that he forgot to most basic tactics?

Did that mean that he was wooing Hawke?

He snuck another look at her, and the thought of holding her in his arms, kissing her, making love to her... it put his stomach into a series of tight knots.

For years he had cared for her, desired her and the feel of her silken skin beneath his palms after the few times he had been able to touch her to heal her. That thought alone had kept him awake for more nights than he would care to admit, like a hormonal teenager infatuated with his first love. He had been with dozens of men and women through his years, but none had affected him quite like Olivia Hawke.

Yet the greatest thing holding him back had always been the fear of himself, and of Justice.

Was it selfish to bring Olivia down with them? Yes.

But after seeing her not only on the brink of death, but on the brink of death so that she could save him and Justice?

Perhaps it hadn't been just her natural motherly instinct kicking in. Perhaps she cared about him the same way that he cared about her.

For one night, he would be selfish.

Do not... Justice began.

"Justice," he grumbled in a low voice. "Right now, I don't give a damn." He stood quickly from the table, the bench sliding behind him with a creak, and marched over to the bar, his brow set in determination.

 

 

 

Olivia respected the mage underground.

Truly, she did. She believed in everything that it stood for.

She was an apostate after all, as her father and sister had been.

But damn it to The Void, she wished that someone other than Anders was spearheading it, or at very least, that he'd let her help him.

Oh, what she would give to have a chance with Anders.

"We always want what we can't have, Kitten," Isabela would say when Olivia confided her feelings in her.

With Anders, it was so much