for a few moments.

“Look at you,” he said. “You’re already touching yourself. Is that how much you like having your face fucked like this?”

He felt Kira’s throat constrict as he gasped a bit and moaned. 

“I thought so. You do love it, don’t you? I bet you jerked off over and over again on the ship just thinking about the way it’d feel with my cock all the way in you, fucking your throat and making it so you could barely breathe.” In lieu of letting Kira respond, he decided to try a few more vigorous strokes before withdrawing completely. As he pulled his cock out of Kira’s mouth, Josefumi marveled at the long trail of saliva connecting the two of them. Kira’s face was a bit red, and he was still practically panting from arousal.

Josefumi dropped down to the floor for a moment and reached under the bed, pulling out both a small box and a drawstring bag. He set both items on top of the bed, watching Kira’s reaction carefully. The other man flushed a deep crimson, knowing exactly what was about to happen. Josefumi’s grin deepened; he couldn’t help himself, it was just too adorable to see the expression on Kira’s face. He slowly untied the drawstring, withdrawing a medium-sized plug from the bag.

“You probably thought I’d fuck you right away, but you should know better by now, shouldn’t you?” Josefumi reached out and grabbed a small vial of lube from the nightstand and opened the cap, pouring a generous amount onto the tip of the plug. He crawled onto the bed and on top of Kira, still holding the toy in one hand while propping himself up with the other. Kira simply stared at him as though challenging him to start now. Instead, Josefumi lowered his head and began kissing Kira deeply, waiting for Kira’s long tongue to snake its way into his mouth. The moment it did, he hollowed his cheeks and sucked lightly, pulling Kira’s tongue into his mouth a bit more and holding it there.

They kissed for a few more moments before Josefumi pulled away and began nibbling on Kira’s earlobe, breathing quietly in his ear. He took his free hand and began carefully pressing the plug against Kira’s opening. After a moment’s resistance, Kira’s ass began to open up and Josefumi pressed the plug in further and further with steady but careful pressure until it was completely within him. Then, he moved his hand up to Kira’s cock and began stroking it slowly and carefully. Kira was still remaining as quiet as he could be, though he’d let out a small moan here and there that would make Josefumi shiver with excitement. 

“You’re so hard now, Yoshikage,” he whispered, gripping more firmly as he moved his hand up and down the shaft. He clucked his tongue in mock disapproval. “We can’t have it like that if we want to do everything else, can we? I should have remembered just how much you love having something in your ass. Now we’ll just have to make you cum; there’s nothing else to be done.”

Kira nodded almost imperceptibly and reached out with his right hand, wrapping it around Josefumi’s so that he could encourage him to move a little more quickly. Josefumi responded by taking his hand off of Kira’s cock entirely, scolding him as he did so.

“If you’re going to be that greedy, you ought to just do it yourself. Make yourself cum for me while I watch, Yoshikage. You’d better hurry up, too, because I’m not going to like having to wait forever to finish myself.”

Josefumi leaned back a bit so he could watch as Kira began stroking his cock with more urgency. He looked cute when he was this desperate; his face and chest were completely flushed. Josefumi cupped his balls with one hand, applying a little bit of pressure. Kira let out a low moan and his eyes rolled back a bit as his hand slowed down and cum shot out in two, then three, jets across his flat stomach. Josefumi wasted no time and dipped his fingers into the warm liquid, scooping a bit up to taste. Just as he was raising his fingers to his own mouth, a thought occurred to him and he reached out instead for Kira’s mouth. He’d never made Kira swallow his own cum; he wondered if Kira would resist doing so. Instead, Kira grabbed his hand and pulled it into his mouth, sucking and licking at Josefumi’s fingers until every trace of cum was gone.

Josefumi watched as Kira’s cock softened completely; they truly couldn’t do the next part until that had happened, though they’d certainly made several attempts before. The contents of the small box that Josefumi had pulled out from under the bed had all been Kira’s idea; he’d simply come home one day with them under his arm