it would take to get back to the bike. He looked back at Aaron and nodded to tell him to catch up. Aaron was beside him in seconds, clutching a knife. His knuckles looked white and Daryl drew his eyes back to the trail. "Anythin' happens and you run back to the car. Got it?" He kept his eyes on their surroundings now but he knew Aaron nodded at his demand. He walked for a while, listening to every little sound around them.

 

When a few twigs broke a little bit ahead of them, Daryl placed a hand against Aaron's chest to stop him from taking another step before he moved forward himself, crossbow raised. It was a walker, and Daryl brought it down with his knife when he spotted more. Two turned into three into six. 

 

Rather than get into it with so many geeks, he turned around and started to head back to Aaron. He kept his eyes on the ground, trying not to make a sound as he hurried back, but then he heard struggling. It was Aaron, on the ground with a geek on top of him.

 

Daryl's heart was thumping in his chest and he hurried to get to him. Aaron was trying to push the thing back, trying to reach for his knife, his teeth clenched and his eyes scared. Daryl grabbed the walker by his shirt and threw him to the ground. He staged it in the side of the head, before pulling his knife out and repeating the action over and over, till he had blood splattering against his face and shirt. He was so lost in killing the damn thing, so angry, he was shocked when he felt tugging on his shirt.

 

He jumped back, coming too. "-ryl stop!" Daryl tried to focus on the words. "You got it, come on, we need to go!" Daryl looked at the walkers coming up on him. He knew he should follow Aaron but he lifted his crossbow and aimed, taking out two before getting his knife back out. Aaron grabbed his wrist and Daryl shoved him off.

 

"Get the fuck off me." He growled and started taking down walker after walker, till they were surrounded by dead corpses and he just stared and panted. He got them, before they could get him.

 

Before they could get Aaron.

 

The younger was staring at Daryl, looking scared, confused. "C'mon. Probably scared everything around here off." He huffed and got his arrows back before he continued walking. Aaron pushed the conversation, having to run to keep up with Daryl. "Yeah, because you scared everything off! What the heck were you thinking?" He hissed, mostly under his breath. Daryl frowned. 

 

"Would you rather they be munchin' on ya back there? I saved your fuckin' ass." He didn't let Aaron answer back, walking faster as if to get away from him and Aaron got the message. Daryl made it back to his bike before Aaron and started it up. He didn't feel like hunting anymore. He didn't feel like doing anything, he was too worked up. "Where's them apartments at? Well go there then head home." He told him and revved the bike before putting it in gear and letting Aaron, who's head hung the whole time, lead the way. 

 

They building was big and red and looked mostly vacant. Daryl put up his kickstand and got off before looking at Aaron as he got out. "Do what I say this time 'round." Aaron shot him a glare but followed.

 

Daryl did as he always did, angered with caution. Once inside, he turned on his flashlight and held it in his mouth as he walked, his footing perfect and his eyes alert. Aaron walked behind him, not nearly as careful, and he just let Daryl lead the way. Daryl could feel his eyes on him again. This time, it wasn't a bad feeling, because he knew someone had his back. 

 

When the hallway was clear, he started in on the rooms. "We'll take it slow. Clear everythin' put, if it worth it, come back for a couple days." Arron nodded at that and they started in on the first room.

 

-*-

 

By the third room, the had several things and Daryl had taught Aaron where to look for things and what was useful, even if it didn't seem so. 

 

The apartment they were in now looked like it was once clean and perfect. Daryl was going through the kitchen when he saw Aaron, picking up a picture frame that he dusted off. "A mom and her daughter lived here." He told Daryl before looking up. "It's...strange. Seeing people so happy, and knowing...they are gone now." He set down the picture before he started in on the rooms. Daryl gathered everything in the kitchen and followed after him.

 

The first room they got to, must have been the moms. They found some decent clothes that they could bring back to the women, among-st other things in