with Christopher Columbus?”

Bronwyn smacked herself in the head. “No. This was in 1170. A few hundred years before Chris!” 

Bronwyn could hear her friend’s mental gears clicking. “Ooooh. I get it! 1170! There’s no proof he arrived!”

“Well, there were remains of what looked like Welsh-shaped conical boats found above the mouth of the Mississippi as well as the strange fact that several tribes of Indians west of the Ohio Valley have rather Welsh sounding words.”

There was silence on the other end. “Is there anything in writing? Legends?”

“Not a word. On either side.”

“Oooooooh…and right now-“

“I’m in the land of Madoc.” There was a long, drawn-out silence before Bronwyn continued. “And that dig Royce is in charge of could very well have been the departure point if legend is fact.”

“OH MY GAWD!” 

Bronwyn jumped at the sudden impact against her eardrums. “Ow!”

“I’m sorry.” Ashley’s voice softened a bit. “That’s why Royce fought to keep you out of that dig!”

“That thought crossed my mind.” She winced again, changing the receiver to her other ear and rubbed the injured one.

“And I have a repeating student. Pain in the ass. Sorry. Saw the one and realized the other at the same time.”

“It’s not a problem.”

“I’ll bet…” Ashley’s voice to a conspirator’s whisper, “you’d give your eye teeth for that dig.”

Bronwyn stopped in mid-stride. “Actually, I hadn’t thought it about since we found our body.”

“Ooo yeah. You do have that. And Royce is all jealous of it. Serves him right. You go, girlfriend!”

“Ashley,” Bronwyn groaned, pacing beginning again, “Just how old are you again?” 

“Same age as you,” she giggled, amid the overseas static. “29. And it looks as if I’ll get my doctorate by the end of this semester, so you have to be here for that!”

Bronwyn gasped. She had completely forgotten that Ashley had been slowly trudging away on her doctorate in American Women’s Literature. Between her marriage, the baby, working…

“Yeah yeah and I heard you gasp, meaning it slipped your mind, not that I blame you or am upset, but Bronny, we need to get you home.” 

“Yes, yes, you want me to talk to the department head about a job.”

Her friend’s voice dropped to a quiet plea. “You’ve not stopped or slowed down since your parents plane went down. And you’ve had that nasty divorce and the stress with everything. I’m worried about you. You need to rest.” There was a pause. “Not only that, there’s another problem.”

Bronwyn sank into the chair, willing the conversation to end soon. “And that would be?”

“Girl, we need to get you home,” Ashley chirped. “You’re sounding just like one of those hoity toity English professors!”



~*~

Alfred was there, along with several members of the staff at the university. Bronwyn spoke to them when they arrived; she knew most of them and was on on friendly terms with them. 

“Aye, Bronwyn!” Patrice, with her pale eyes, mousy hair, and plain looks hid a keen intelligence that surpassed most Bronwyn encountered. “The lads managed to get a cloth under the body. There is a bier, of all things, an' it lifted him off the ground! We should be to hoist it with little difficulty. D’ye think your bruiser could help wit' the lifting?” She leaned in so her whispering wouldn’t be overheard. “He’s pestering Alfred and we need to give him something to do.”

Bronwyn’s eyes searched and found Charles trying to stay out of the way, but not doing a good job. He appeared to have adhered himself to Alfred and was peppering him with questions. She grinned broadly. “Ah, leave him for awhile. It will do Alfred good.” 

The morning flew by quickly, with the old Druid coming out of his grave easier than expected, with no additional damage to the body. As the old man was lifted, Bronwyn was pleasantly surprised and pleased to see other items buried with the old man. Charles was poking Alfred in the ribs. “How much y'wanna bet we find mistletoe in that pouch?” His video camera was down, thinking perhaps his work was done.

“How much y'wanna bet we shut dis joke down?” Everyone looked up to see Colin and an older, bigger version of Colin standing at the outside of the crowd. Colin Senior had a broken nose, similar to his son's, only lying on the other side of his face. The scowls were identical and in the case of the elder, seemed permanent. 

Bronwyn stepped around the crew and made her way towards the Colins. Out of the