as if I’m closer to you. When I woke up I reached out to touch you. But when I turned over, the bed was empty and you were nowhere to be seen. I let it go and brushed it aside, thought you were in the kitchen cooking breakfast. When I finally rose from bed, the silence in the house unnerved me, and that was when the nerves began to kick in. I felt light-headed walking through the flat in my search for you, my knees growing weaker with every step I took. Suddenly everything came back, my knees buckled and I cried until I fainted.

Day eight.
Liam found me. I woke up with his eyes looking at me and I felt so guilty. He looked petrified, like the world was ending and no one knew what would happen. He didn’t make me eat but he did pull me along into the shower. His hands felt different from yours, more calloused, like he has seen more than I’ll ever will. Maybe he knows.
This was also the first day since it happened that I set my feet on the pavement outside our door. The sun almost burned through my skin and I can remember the painful grip I had while I was holding his hand. It didn’t feel like betrayal but at the same time it did .
He took me into the city, looking for a proper suit. Apparently, he had seen the message and knew I needed one, a suit without memories attached to you. I could do nothing but smile when he tried to put me into a purple suit that clashed in every way possible. But as soon as I realised, the corners of my mouth dropped and my eyes found the carpet because how could I smile without your presence.

Day ten.
They played our song.
Day twenty.
I’m fine, wonderful. I told everyone I had cleaned your room and everyone believed me except Liam. Everyone keeps getting happier and they start laughing again. Except for me, I still feel like the world is crumbling around me. Your presence is always here, like a tattoo to skin and it makes me feel nauseous. When did I started living for you instead for myself?  Don’t answer, it was a rhetorical question. It was the day I met you.

He had been waiting in the line at the shopping centre. It was his best friend’s birthday and he had to bake a pie, which wasn’t a smart move because everyone knew he couldn’t even cook an egg. So after a ruined kitchen he decided to simply buy the pie. It saved loads of trouble. The queue turned out to be never ending, so after having waited for a while he was bored as can be. And what do you do when you’re bored? Yes indeed you start looking around. A few minutes later he saw a girl walking into a high stack of pots, that was the moment where panic broke out and co-workers started running towards the chaos. Determined to see it all happen, he slowly made his way backwards. A crash into an unknown body, a cry and vibrant green eyes…
That’s what happened.
Tell me it’s a lie. Harry, please, tell me it’s a lie.

 

Day twenty-one.
Was it my fault, do I deserve it?

Day twenty-six.
I guess I owe you an explanation, don’t I? They’ve told me everything, the pills, the note.
Everything they told me is a lie, everything you have ever told me is a lie. They were scared I couldn’t handle it but what was your reason? Was I that much of a burden, was I too weak? Maybe you didn’t love me? The note says you will always love me but how much does a cliché film sentence mean when you’ve lied so much?  I just can’t handle this, handle it all anymore. Nothing hurts, I feel numb but at the same time I feel like I’m being tortured over and over again. Was this how you wanted me to feel? Or was this how you felt?
Liam said I had to try to move on and remember the happy memories. I’m fighting something indestructible.

Day twenty-eight.
Zayn, Liam introduced me to him. He looked at me, only once. And before I knew I was in his arms, a hug. The hug I’ve needed for so long but nobody dared because they were scared I would shatter in so many pieces that I could never be healed again. But it made me feel so much better than I had felt in days and for a split second I thought that everything was alright again.
We watched a film with no romance in it and a lot of action. I could feel my stomach grumbling during the film but it didn’t bother me, I only ate what Liam gave me something. At some point they both had to laugh so hard that I joined in, maybe not as bright