who made that smile, a smile that's more warming than the bright sun to Zayn, spread across Liam's lips. That it should have been his own eyes that Liam's glistening ones met.

His eyes follows the way Liam does some silly dance moves on the stage, follows the way he smiles a bright smile when the fans' screams gives him response for the effort.

A drop of sweat releases itself from Liam's forehead and Zayn watches the way it glimmers like a small piece of diamond, illuminated by the spotlights. Watches the small drop making its way down the glistening skin, watches it nearing the bushy brow above Liam's left eye, getting caught in the small straws of hair growing there. Watching how the drop almost releases itself from its hold, until Liam swats it away with an irritated motion.

And Zayn finds himself wishing that he hadn't, wishing that Liam would have let that one glistening drop continue its way down to his eye. Something that would've made Liam's eyelashes flutter by the irritation maybe would've made his hand making its way towards the eye, rubbing it in an attempt to get rid of the scathing substance.

Zayn watches Liam pick up a bottle of water from the edge of the stage, watches the way he thirstily pours it's containment into his dry mouth, and Zayn can't help the way a gasp escapes his lips. Can't help the thoughts that consume him, the fact that just minutes ago, it was his own lips that were wrapped around that one bottle. The bottle with its containment of water, that Zayn himself drank from, just as thirstily as Liam now is, and let the water pour down his dry throat with, a short amount of time earlier.

He can't help but wonder if the taste from his own mouth still somehow lingers around the opening of the bottle, if Liam still somehow can notice his fingerprints from when they were wrapped around it, if Liam somehow can sense Zayn's appearance, lingering like a cloud of invisible smoke around the bottle, if Liam still can feel the warmth his fingers left behind.

Neither can he help the way he wonders how those lips, that's still wrapped around the bottle, would feel wrapped around other things-... But no, he's not going there, not a good idea to get a boner on stage now, is it. But the thought won't quite leave him alone, follows him like a lovesick dog and he curses under his breath, rubs across his forehead with his hand, in a weakly attempt to get rid of the thoughts consuming him.

He can't help himself.

He's only forced to look away when Louis carefully nudges his shoulder, gives him a worried glance like an 'are you okay?' and Zayn nods encouraging verses him, smiles a bit.

All he wants is Louis to turn his attention away from him, so he can continue his watching of Liam from afar again. Zayn needs this, needs to watch Liam's every move, every step across the stage, just like he needs the air in his lungs or the blood pumping in his veins. He needs to watch him, to know that he's right there, that he exists and that he's not going anywhere. He needs it, because without that part of himself, the one that screams 'LiamLiamLiam' on the top of its lounges, he doesn't really know who he is.

Liam's the one who keeps him grounded, makes him catch up with their hectic lives, and keeps him from going insane with all the stress management and the media throws upon them. Liam is his anchor that keeps him from floating away, his lifeboat to hold on to, and his Polestar to guide him when he's lost. Liam's the one who shows him how to enjoy this life, even though the pressure, he's the one who shows him how to even love it.


Zayn needs Liam.


Louis leaves him with a warm lingering touch on his back and an understanding gleam in his eyes. And Zayn thankfully turns his gaze against Liam again, watches the way he listens to something Niall whispers in his ear, smiling widely and barking out an eye crinkling laugh in the end. Zayn can't help the way he wishes that it was him Liam smiled that brightly against, that it was his fortune that Liam's laugh crossed his beautiful plump lips, that it was him that Liam's glittering eyes was turned upon.

And when Liam whispers something back in Niall's ear, he can't help but wish that it was him that Liam leaned forward against like that, that it would have been his ear that Liam almost had his lips pressed against, and that it would have been his ear that the heated air from Liam's mouth reached.

But Zayn doesn't mention his wishes out loud, because they are just that, wishes, that sometimes comes true, and sometimes not.

Instead, he waits until Liam's brown warm eyes