He sent Naruto and Shikamaru together on as many missions as possible, since the two not only worked well together, but Shikamaru seemed to be having a maturing influence on the jinchuuriki. The sooner Naruto was ready to take this damn hat from him the better.

The third member of their cell was the new parolee, Karin, who had been released into the custody of Naruto, or as he eagerly called himself, “her cousin.”

“Idiot, we don’t actually know how closely we're related—”

“Whatever, cousin! Uzumaki ladies, am I right sensei? Red hair and red hot tempers, just like my mom dattebayo!”

Shino was chosen as the fourth, for his tracking and offensive capabilities as well as his even temper. He was not chosen because anyone thought he might be the soulmate of the parolee, but that turned out to be the case, as Naruto related when they returned.

“We can’t keep meeting like this,” Kakashi deadpanned when Naruto bounded into his door and tackled him sideways, almost making his legs leave the cozy warmth of the kotetsu. “Sakura is beginning to suspect something.”

“What am I suspecting?” Sakura called from the kitchen, where she was making tea.

“Make another mug of tea for Naruto,” Kakashi called. “Something awful happened.”

“Karin and Shino are soulmates dattebayo! Who could drink tea at a time like this?”

“See? Terrible.”

Kakashi listened to Naruto venting about how he was soon going to be the only one of the Konoha rookies who wasn’t blissfully in love with a soulmate. Kakashi mm-hmmed and hoped Naruto wouldn’t bring up Sasuke.

Sakura came out with a tray containing two teacups and three steaming cup ramen containers.

“Oh, thanks Sakura,” Kakashi said, pleasantly surprised at the prospect of a snack.

“Don’t you dare! Those are for Naruto.”

———

“Tenzou, tell me what you think about ANBU.”

Kakashi had been expecting a protest of it’s Yamato now, sempai, but instead his junior said, “As you think best, Hokage-sama.”

Kakashi blinked. “I’m not sure we’re having the same conversation. I asked what you thought about ANBU?”

“I’m… I’m used to it, and there… really isn’t a Team Kakashi anymore, so... and of course what you think is best, Hokage-sama.”

They weren’t having the same conversation, but at least now Kakashi knew which one Tenzou was having. “No, I want to hear your opinions, Tenzou. About the ANBU. As an organization.” When the other man simply stared back at him a little perplexedly, Kakashi added, “I know this isn’t something you’ve been asked to give your opinion on before, so if you need to think about it, I understand that.”

Tenzou kept staring.

Kakashi said, “For example, do you think the organization can be reformed, or would it be better to completely eliminate it and start a new covert ops branch from scratch…?”

“I… it goes against my training to think about the Leaf that way, Hokage-sama.”

“Your ROOT training?”

“Yes.”

Kakashi frowned. There wasn’t anyone alive connected with ANBU whom he trusted more than Tenzou, and with his shrewd battle analysis skills, Kakashi had hoped his junior might be able to turn that mind towards the problems riddling ANBU. But Tenzou’s lost face made it clear that this was asking too much from him for now. Perhaps if he paired him with someone… someone with confidence, emotional intelligence, empathy, even a certain amount of innocence… someone who could look at ANBU as a complete outsider, yet who had intelligence training… “Have you worked with Yamanaka Ino before?”

———

“Maybe you and I, and Yamato and Ino, should have a double wedding,” Sakura said cheerfully as she worked on the muscle tension in his forearm.

Kakashi had his other arm draped across his eyes. “Isn’t that a bit last minute?”

“Rushing is in now, and Ino’s always at the forefront of style. When I work around this nerve, it might tingle.”

It was tingling alright. He sighed.

“How many papers do you have to stamp for your arm to be like this anyway?”

“Thousands. Millions. All the other muscles in my body are dying from disuse. I will become merely a beefy arm with chicken legs attached.”

She hummed. “Chicken legs sound good to me right now. Why don’t you take the dogs for a run and I’ll make dinner?”

He took his arm off his face and opened his eyes. She was gazing down at him tenderly as her glowing fingers wiped away the last of the pain in his arm.

"Sometimes I wish you didn’t wear that mask around the house so much,” she said, and then blushed and abruptly dropped his arm. Standing up, she called, “Boys! Walkies!”

The five dogs and pups that currently made up the next generation