in the cage, and it's less of an orgasm, and more of a steady stream of come that just kind of leaks from you.  You might like it.  Some guys do.”  Jensen shrugged again.

Jared shook his head, no.

Jensen chuckled and winked.  “You might change your mind, after having blue balls for two months.  Now.  I'll give you a freebie.  Bend over the bed, and beg me to fuck you, and I'll take a week off your chastity, right off the top.”

Jared froze, reclined on the bed.  He shook his head slowly, no.

“No?  Your loss.  Remember, later, when you're begging me to let you come, that I gave you an easy out, and you turned it down.  Now, come here.”  Jensen slid off the bed, and moved to the foot, holding out a hand.  Jared slipped off the bed, and walked around it to stand beside Jensen.  The plug shifted inside him with every step, and the steel cage was an awful presence against and within him.

“Get into your position, Jared.”  Jensen undid his zipper, and pulled out his hard, leaking cock.

Jared took a step backwards.  “B-but, I s-said no...”

“I gave you the opportunity to beg me, Jared, and you refused.  That doesn't mean you're not getting fucked.  Get into your position.”

Jared took one more step backwards.

“If I have to tell you again, you are going to deeply regret what happens.”

Jared panicked, turned, and bolted for the door.  He dropped, screaming, less than two seconds later, the collar shocking agony through his body.  It stopped, and Jared curled up on the floor, sobbing.

“Get up.”  Jensen's voice was icy.

Jared tried to pull himself together, pushing himself up to kneel, wiping at his eyes.  It took some doing, but eventually he stood on shaky legs.  He turned from the door, back towards his livid master.  Jared knew that there were no apologies on the planet that were going to help him now.

Jared moved slowly, past Jensen, and bent over the foot of the bed, spreading his legs uncomfortably wide.  His new cage pressed into the edge of the bed.  Jared turned his face into the blankets.

“Do you want your punishment before or after you get fucked, Jared?”

Jared's heart stuttered.  He didn't know... he didn't know which would be worse.  He hesitated just a bit too long.

“After, then.”  Jensen pulled Jared's plug loose, and Jared groaned.  His ass felt loose and empty without it.  Jared felt Jensen's cock at his entrance, pressing gently for a moment, before slamming in.  It hurt, but there was none of the searing pain of Jared's first time.

“Does... does the plug help, Jared?”

Jared nodded into the blankets.

“You're fucking welcome.”  Jensen pounded into Jared, chasing his own orgasm, and Jared endured, tearlessly and silently.  Jensen finished sooner than Jared had expected.  After Jensen pulled out, Jared immediately felt the steel plug nudging its way back inside him, its way slicked by Jensen's come.

Jensen took a moment to catch his breath, before walking to his closet.  Jared turned his head, to peek at what Jensen was doing.  Jensen returned, holding a heavy-looking, darkly stained wooden paddle.

Jensen saw Jared tense, and chuckled.  “How many smacks with this do you think you deserve, for trying to escape, Jared?”

Jared, terrified, whispered, “I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, Master, please...”

“Hush.  Answer the question.”

Jared stopped his apologies.  “F-five, Master?”

Jensen full-out laughed.  “Five!  Really!  For an escape attempt?  You're lucky I haven't had your sister picked up and gang-raped by the guards for that.  And you think five is appropriate??”

Jared's vision whited out with fear.  Megan, no.  “Tw-twenty, Master?”

“See, that's what I was thinking, before you were stupid enough to say five.  Now, I'm thinking that we'll see how you're doing after thirty, okay?  You go ahead and scream, if you need to.”

Jared heard the whoosh of the paddle, and searing, bone-jarring pain was laid across his right ass cheek.  He choked off his cry, pressing his face into the blanket.  It went on and on, across his ass and the backs of his thighs, and Jared couldn't stop his tears.  He couldn't keep count, and had no idea how far into his thirty they were.  When Jensen hit him several times in the exact same spot, the scream was wrenched from him, and he tried desperately to get away, clawing at the blankets.

“Be.”  Wham.  “