It was a rare occasion when all was quiet in the flat. Though honestly that wasn’t surprising seeing as how there were four of them living there. Shortly after high school with their friendships cemented by the biking club and Imaizumi and Naruko just starting to acknowledge that maybe, just maybe, they didn’t exactly dislike each other, the three of them had found a flat together. It had surprised no one when Manami moved in as well despite Imaizumi’s protests about space and rent and a variety of other things. As it turned out the four of them got along in the small flat better than anyone had expected, or at least no one was dead yet. 

In any case the quiet times were few and far between and Imaizumi fully intended to enjoy this one. Even if it was only quiet because everyone else was sleeping. Onoda and Manami had passed out curled around each other on an armchair and Naruko, after much whining about things Imaizumi paid more attention to than he would admit, had finally fallen quiet half sprawled across Imaizumi’s lap. He was nearly certain that Naruko’s goal had been to get him to pay more attention to him and less to his book. His only real mistake had been putting his head near enough for Imaizumi to reach. Almost as soon as Imaizumi had started running his fingers through Naruko’s hair he’d passed out. It was a neat trick and one that Imaizumi always smiled when he remembered how they’d figured it out. 

 It had been shortly after Manami had up and decided he was living with them now and Imaizumi had been prickly and annoyed all week because there is someone new living in the flat and there’s not enough room and he’s annoying and all number of other reasons. Naruko had of course taken great delight in doing his part to make Imaizumi explode. Apparently nothing amused him more than an irate Imaizumi, that was still true. In any case on evening while Manami and Onoda were out, doing what Imaizumi couldn’t recall, Naruko was laying across the top of the couch while Imaizumi read and he kept poking him. It wouldn’t have normally been enough to annoy Imaizumi but that day he was already particularly annoyed already. 

 “Will you knock it off?” He’d growled after he batted Naruko’s hand away again turning slightly to glare at him. His movement had knocked just enough against the back of the couch that Naruko had been knocked off balance and ended up in Imaizumi’s lap. Which of course just meant Naruko was in a better position to annoy Imaizumi, especially as one of Imaizumi’s hands, and his book, were pinned under Naruko. After a few minutes of half snarled threats and near wrestling trying to get Naruko off Imaizumi had used his free hand to mess up Naruko’s hair. He didn’t remember what he had been intending to accomplish but what had happened was Naruko went almost completely limp. Which while not the solution he’d been looking for allowed Imaizumi to remove his other hand and his book from under Naruko.

 “Not fair.” Naruko had mumbled once Imaizumi went back to reading. “That was totally cheating.”

 “You started it.” Imaizumi had shrugged. As soon as Naruko had been pretty sure he wasn’t paying attention anymore he’d started up again trying to annoy Imaizumi but this time Imaizumi just ruffled Naruko’s hair again. Softer than he hand the time before. Naruko had made a surprised noise but had gone practically limp again, then after a few moments he’d fallen asleep entirely. Which was how Manami and Onoda found them when they returned. Imaizumi, significantly calmer than when they’d left, absentmindedly playing with Naruko’s hair while he read a book. They’d gone as quietly as they could to Onoda’s room, letting Imaizumi have his quiet. 

 “You’re not even reading, you’re just staring at the book.” Naruko’s voice broke through the memory and Imaizumi raised an eyebrow as he looked down at him. “If you’re not even reading why’d you stop playing with my hair?” 

 “Did I?” Imaizumi asked running his fingers through Naruko’s hair again. Naruko made a noise that was very close to a purr as he settled again content in Imaizumi’s lap.

 “You didn’t answer the question.” Naruko murmured a few minutes later though he sounded more drowsy than curious. 

 “Hmm, I was thinking about how useful cheating can be.” Imaizumi said after a moment and Naruko chuckled.

 “Hey hotshot?” The nickname fell softer from Naruko’s lips these days than it had in high school. Imaizumi made a noise to indicate that he was listening when the silence stretched longer than it usually did. “I’m happy you figured that out.”

 Imaizumi smiled softly, nodding regardless of the fact that Naruko’s eyes were closed so he couldn’t see it. “Me too.”