sneaking around a large stone city, seeking out secret tunnels and nooks, learning to fight and wield a sword, all terribly exciting things. When they were older he spent more time with his sister, who he claimed to find annoying, spoiled, and childish but secretly considered his closest friend. His brother was...a strange matter, marked by a butterfly wing fluttering in his stomach, blushes, and a longing Bilbo wasn't so sure was appropriate for one to feel for a brother.

There was another dwarf, copper haired with round, broad features, thickly built with a short beard adorned in gems, who he called mother; she taught him to play a fiddle and to sing, oversaw his weapons lessons, and braided his hair before events where he needed to be at his best. Later, when her own hair was going gray and her smile less bright, she sat to the side and instructed his brother in how to do the job in her stead, patient as she shook her head and had him start again and again, always stressing how important it was to get these ones just right. That was a dream he had over and over, without being able to understand why it was so important.

There was a dwarf with a severe face, sharp, fine features and a near constant frown, but a soft smile on rare occasions, who was his father. He taught him to work in metals and keep a steady hand to avoid burns or flaws in his work, brought him books, toys, and other new trinkets, and drug him from bed to attend to ponies and dogs while lecturing him about duty and responsibility.

There was a one other dwarf he saw often, at first kind and fond then increasingly erratic and unfocused, impatient with him except when trying to get something or in increasingly fleeting moments where whatever strangeness that consumed him would loosen its grip, who he knew as his grandfather. There were friends and cousins as well but it was those five he saw most of.

He knew it was strange to think up such an elaborate family when he had loving parents of his own but also different and fun; he cherished them, in a way, even though he knew it wasn’t real.

It was different from his life and made him want to seek out adventures and new people. He'd stalked the woods with his wooden sword looking for elves and watched the roads for dwarrows, once his mother told him those were the people in his dreams. He was a curious child with his head in the clouds, writing down and drawing the things he dreamed of, much to his mother's delight. His father had always been...less encouraging, but indulgent. He was very clear that Bilbo needed ‘real’ friends and that it wasn’t proper for an omega to be so flighty, but as long as he kept up with lessons and chores Bungo let him have his fun.

After his parents passed the dreams stopped. He lost his real family and his dwarf family all in one terrible winter and he’d scarcely had time to grieve for either, no matter how *real* losing both felt. Childish flights of fancy had been forced aside in favor of being an adult right away. There had been some who thought his parents’ property and tenants best left in the hands of an older Alpha or Beta relative, pointing at to him being too ‘emotionally distressed’ and of ‘delicate omegan constitution’ as the reasons why. Why, it was just improper for him to try to run things on his own without his parents or a mate to oversee, or so people had said.

Time had dulled the memories of his dreams, covered the sharp realistic world in cotton soft nostalgia. He didn’t forget it but much of the detail faded away and while he remembered it fondly he stopped longing for it, and the strange ache of loss went away. He was better for it, it didn’t make sense to mourn a dream and people who didn’t exist   

So while he was no stranger to the dreams it had also been many many years since he'd had on and he was surprised, in the dimly aware way that ‘Bilbo’ felt anything during these dreams, to find himself in one.


 It wasn’t one he’d before, of that he was certain. He was walking along a stone path in a great indoor garden and he knew, as he took it all in, that if he’d dreamed this before he would not have forgotten it. The area was huge, easily the size of Farmer Maggot’s fields, and cavernous. The ceiling was far overhead and, unlike the winter grow houses he knew from Hobbiton, there was no glass or sky above but, rather, light. The light was bright and white, coming from rounded gems set directly into the sloped gray stone. 



 All around him was lush green grass, bushes in spiraling patterns, patches of flowers arranged artfully, and farther back from the path he was on large trees of all sorts. Some were flowering, others starting to bare fruit, and some