– bad things, nasty things, things that would feel so good.

“Jensen?” Misha says, corner of his mouth quirking into a little smile that belies his questioning tone. Because Misha knows what's going on; it's that tiny quirk of his lip that gives him away. “What do you think you’re doing?”

And that’s another thing – Misha’s voice, all deep and raspy like that. Misha’s voice sounds the way people’s voices get when they’re having sex, when arousal tightens their vocal chords and makes them hoarse. Misha sounds like that all the time. It makes Jensen wonder what Misha might sound like when he’s aroused. How much deeper, how much raspier would his voice get?

Jensen digs his thumb into the soft flesh beneath Misha’s chin. He tips his head down, brushes his lips over Misha’s, a light, tickling touch that makes his lips tingle, makes a shock ricochet up his spine, makes him need to do it again.

“Should’ve done this weeks ago,” Jensen mumbles. He rubs his lips over Misha’s stubbled cheek to his ear. “Driving me crazy,” he whispers. Misha’s breath hitches, hands fluttering against Jensen’s chest, then down his sides before tightening on his waist, just above the waistband of his jeans.

“Jensen,” Misha sighs, and Jensen’s not sure if it’s encouragement or warning, but he’s not backing off. He nuzzles Misha’s neck, feels his pulse beating crazy-fast beneath the skin. Misha’s fingers squeeze, pull Jensen in so they’re pressed together from knees to hips. Jensen makes a noise in his throat, rocks his pelvis forward before he can even think through whether he should do that. It’s instinct, pure and simple, just like it’s instinct to do it again because it feels so damn good and because Misha doesn’t say no, doesn’t pull away. He just breathes, sharp and quick in Jensen’s ear, and his fingernails dig into Jensen’s sides and his hips push forward. Jensen can feel the solidity of Misha's hardening dick and he wonders if Misha has been wanting this, because if he has, Jensen had no idea. If he'd suspected he had a chance he sure as hell would have made a move before now.

He braces one hand on the wall, looks into Misha’s face. He looks flushed already, eyes dark and heavy, and his lips – his lips –

“Your mouth,” Jensen whispers roughly. “Jesus, your fucking mouth.”

“You like my mouth?” Misha asks, and he smiles.

Jensen groans, can’t find any words to answer, can’t imagine that there are words that could adequately describe exactly the degree to which he does, in fact, “like” Misha’s mouth.

So he doesn’t try at all, he just crushes Misha’s lips hard beneath his. Misha jerks like maybe he wasn’t expecting it, though it must have been pretty obvious what Jensen had in mind. Maybe he wasn’t quite prepared for the force of the kiss, because Jensen can’t find it in him to be slow and gentle, though god, he’d really like to and he hopes that maybe someday he’ll get the chance. But right now he just fucking can’t.

He slides his hand around to the back of Misha’s head and holds him because otherwise his head would be rammed back against the brick wall and that just wouldn’t be polite. So his hand’s cupping the back of Misha’s skull, which is nice, because it gives Jensen some control, or at least the illusion of it, for the plain fact is Jensen’s not in control of anything at the moment, least of all himself. Misha’s mouth is open, had opened the second Jensen’s lips touched his, and Jensen’s tongue is inside it and it’s hot and wet and velvety and Jensen can’t get enough. Misha's making this little noise, a soft, hungry whine, and it makes Jensen’s cock go from stiff to hard as diamonds with a swift, downward rush that leaves him dizzy. Misha slides his tongue along Jensen’s, pushes and rubs and sucks at it and Jensen growls, shoves Misha back against the wall, gets one hand behind Misha’s ass, tilts his hips forward and grinds. He sets up a fast, dirty rhythm, his cock sliding and rubbing and mashing against Misha's, and Misha’s hands move around to Jensen’s ass and slip under his waistband, under his boxers, right down over bare skin, and they grip and clutch and knead and Misha moans into Jensen’s mouth and that’s when the kiss gets really sloppy.

Misha nips at Jensen’s lips and Jensen takes that fat upper lip of Misha’s