Max's prostate. When he finds it, he presses his fingers against it, hearing Max keen under him.

Neil groans quietly, removing himself from Max to kneel between his trembling legs. Max whines a bit but reaches over to pull Neil's boxers down for him.

As she watches Neil's monster cock spring from its confines, Tabii's eyes widen, and her knees weaken. She's trembling with jealousy, but she can't seem to move. She's rooted to the spot as she watches Neil spit into his hand, using it to slick up his cock before pressing it against Max's hole. She holes her breath as Neil pushed in. "Wait a minute," she suddenly whispered to herself. "He's so sexy, I have to get this on my phone!" She frantically searches her pockets, not taking her eyes away from the couple on the other side of the screen window. Finally she pulls the device from her skirt pocket, holding it up in triumph. "Yes! Camera, don't fail me now--What?!" she whisper-yells. "Out of battery? Oh, fuck me..." she mutters. At that moment, she hears Max's low moan as Neil bottoms out inside him. Really. Fuck me.

Neil slowly pushes in and out of Max, not wanting to hurt his boyfriend. Max opens his eyes and glares at Neil who nearly cowers under the piercing, turquoise gaze.

"Neil." The commanding tone in Max's voice makes Neil's dick twitch inside of him. "Fuck me hard."

"Y-you're sure..." That wasn't even a question. Neil knows that when it comes to Max, the kid knows just what he wants and how he's gonna get it, no questions asked.

Max wraps his short legs around Neil's waist and drags him in, forcing Neil in deeper and making them both moan.

Neil complies to Max's demand and braces both hands on either side of Max's head before rocking his hips back and forth roughly. Max is turned into a blissed-out mess beneath him, fighting for a firm grasp on the bed covers as his body is moved and jolted on the mattress. He feels himself getting close to his climax, so he grabs his small, aching cock in one hand, giving it a few rapid strokes before spurting semen into his hand. His hips move along with Neil's thrusts before he whines in discomfort when Neil continues to fuck him.

Neil pulls out of him, still hard. As he holds his large cock in his hand, Tabii stands outside, practically drooling at the sight.

"Turn around and get on your hands and knees," Neil asks his boyfriend who huffs in anger and exhaustion.

"You aren't putting that back in me," he states.

"Just do it, I promise I won't." Neil rolls his eyes. Once Max has put himself into the requested position, Neil stands on his knees, positioning himself as if he were about to enter Max again. But before Max can yell at him for what it looks like, Neil starts jerking himself off breathlessly. He fondles the spread cheeks of Max's ass with one hand while the other pulls and tugs at his cock in rapid movements, his hips rocking in time.

Max turns his head to watch his boyfriend with interest, his cheeks flushed, pupils blown, and breathless with pleasure.

With an airy moan, Neil releases sticky white ropes of cum over Max's ass, painting his rear like a gay Picasso.

Both of the boys collapse onto the bed, exhausted. Their breaths come out haggard as they ride out their shared afterglow.

Max pulls Neil's blanket over to wipe the sticky fluid from his hand, chest, and butt. He meets Neil's disgusted grimace with a glare, and the other boy doesn't try to say anything to stop him. "How much longer do you think we have until David shows up?" Max asks as they settle back down under the sheets again. They cling to each other naked.

"Hopefully forever," Neil replies.

"Please, this is David. We can chain him to the bottom of the ocean, and he'd still find a way to show up here on time with that same stupid grin on his face," Max grumbles.

"Let's just try to get in some napping in, before he inevitably comes for us, then."

"I would give anything to know what makes that man snap..." Max grumbles before falling silent.

Meanwhile, outside Tabii is sitting down, her mind reeling. Was that pee?! That was the weirdest-looking pee I've ever seen! But it had to be... Neil just peed on Max, does that mean Max is pregnant? That's how it works, isn't it? Oh, my god.' Shakily, she gets to her feet and makes her way back to her temporary cabin. There's a lot to think about.

In