waiting outside if anything went wrong.

“Louis” Harry took a breath. “You’re right. Maybe now isn’t a good time for a bath. Maybe you’d like a little snack instead? Daddy can fix you some yummy pretzels and juice. How does that sound?” The man walked around Louis, not bothering to even pick him up again to place him on his hip. He wasn’t certain he wouldn’t get attacked by the little boy.

“You just gave me food..” Louis’ voice lowered, but eyes widened as he realized what Harry was getting at. It became plainly obvious that the charade was up. Harry knew the drug had worn off and now he was trying to get more drug into his system to return him to the helpless state of before. Louis knew it was partly his fault for being so bold about getting in the tub. Drugged up Louis would put up a fight, but it would be futile and wouldn’t involve nearly as much talking as he’d served up to his captor.

He was no longer that Louis. Now, he was a more focused one with a clear mind set on getting the hell out of wherever he was. It now occurred to him that his escape would be happening a bit sooner than he had anticipated.

It only took a stroke of a second for Louis to charge towards Harry, who swiftly got out of the way and into the hallway just in time. The bigger man ran for the kitchen and the new bottle of medicine that had been left on the counter since Ms Hamilton had visited. It was special, a new kind that wouldn’t leave Louis so sick. After expressing his concerns about it to Alivia, she had told him there was another kind called Charox that would work on a more emotional level than physical like the one before, but wouldn’t result in a sick baby. It was less commonly used by the people in the community, as people were generally more enthusiastic at first to have a little one who relied on them more for movement. 

The feeling of being needed in a way so simple as moving around was something that put excitement into any parent. Most people also didn’t want to use Charox because they preferred working towards getting their little one to accept the life instead of having them dosed into it. Still, Harry didn’t see the harm in it, especially since now was an emergency. This last dosage of medicine was just what he needed to get Louis to that point where he wasn’t feeling the need to escape every second.

Still, Harry insisted that he wanted whatever would make his Louis feel less sick than before.

It was supposed to be mixed in with juice so the baby would drink it easier, but unfortunately he wouldn’t have the pleasure of fixing Louis a sippy cup now. Somehow, he would have to get enough down his little boy’s throat. Harry eyed a spare water bottle that was sitting on the counter. He had forgotten to put it away when he was unloading the dishwasher. Maybe this could work..

Harry was now seemingly cornered by Louis who was now clutching a plate in his right hand. There was something about that boy and hitting people over the head with things.

“Louis William, Daddy doesn’t want to put you in the bad boy corner. But if you do something silly, he’ll be forced to.”

“You’re not going to get your way this time. I’m going to get out of here, and you can’t stop me. By the time you wake up from what I’m going to do to you, I’ll be long gone and not you or any of your friends will be able to catch up to me in time.”

Harry let out a sigh. “You’re right, baby. Daddy’s the one who has been silly. He can’t keep his little boy from going out into the world. If you really want to leave, you can go. Just make sure you bring some things with you before you head out. It’s a long way to the nearest city and Daddy wouldn’t want you to be caught outside without any provisions. Go on baby, you win.”

Louis was slightly thrown off guard at the sight of Harry giving up so easily. Any other time he would have been suspicious, but he was so energized that the idea of an easy victory was more than appealing. Louis shot the man a glare before turning his back. Bringing some food with him was a good idea. He wouldn’t be doing it for Harry though. He would be doing it for himself.

Louis eyed a water bottle that had been left on the counter from earlier and brought it over to the sink, filling it with water. Harry cringed at the thought of his little boy drinking unfiltered water from the tap, but said nothing as the bottle filled. 

Louis leaned up against the sink after enough water had been poured in and smirked at Harry.

“You’re so screwed, you know