
His body was forfeit and his heart in tatters. They sunk down, each in their own oceans. Dio rested in his iron tomb in the Pacific, but Jonathan was sinking into a deep depravity. As he lamented, more and more of the people he knew in life fading away into the blinding white, he could only look up in sorrow as he lingered on Dio...Then he, no, they woke up. Jonathan felt each muscle that was once his flex and grow taught as the coffin was hoisted. He needed to warn someone, anyone, of this beast he loosed the day of the mask. Yet, he was a spirit; almost nonexistent to the naked eyed world, a world that would be made Dio's plaything. He felt as each fiber of his body was used against his fellow man, bones shattering and blood running into himself with the sound of his brother's sickening euphoria. With each drop, his body was less his own; with each drop, he faded.


 


Dio was glutinous, both in his ambition and his habits. Downing men and women like bottles of wine that could never satisfy the insatiable appetite. On one such spree, Dio realized another sickening power of his: the flesh bud. The very thing disgusted Jonathan as he saw him experiment on one of countless victims. They were like the zombies, controllable and wondrous canon fodder to the vampire, but that was not the greatest thing he learned in that time. 


 


With a mere prick of his finger, Dio Brando was dead, in his stead rose DIO ...With a prick of the finger, Jonathan could feel himself reach out too. He felt his grandson get hit with a wave of shock, his grand daughter feel a shiver, her own son quivering all the same...Where his grandson found relief, the daughter and son found none. DIO laughed as he gazed upon a hidden figure, but Jonathan could only hope and pray that the others could find relief.


 


While both grew worse, the son’s decline was rapid. Where she could hide behind smiles and say it was a cold, the son would grow stiff in his coat and lock his jaw in the pain. Jonathan could feel each second of his lineage’s agony. He closed his eyes and breathed, trying to focus on the boy just as DIO focused on his unseen force. When he opened them, he lingered above the boy, twitching and digging at the soil in agony. Jonathan reached out, hoping to find any ways to comfort him, his fingers lingering just above his coat. From the back came ribbon, each fiber and thread of it sparkling golden as it constricted him. Jonathan saw him struggle and hesitated no longer, taking a handful of the silken torture into his own hands… He could touch it, and it could tell he was there.



It spooled around his wrists a moment, offering the boy an ounce of relief. Jonathan breathed calmly, letting it snake up himself rather than the child. Even if the boy was not strong enough to combat this boa of silk, he would be. He let it envelope him, the final fiber escaping his descendent as they brought in a hard breath.  With each breath the boy took, the silk wove into Jonathan's soul, taking it all up in it's fibers until there was no ghost to speak of. What once was flesh was now stained an imperial purple, his hair flowing outward as black as night and with nothing left but his desire to protect.



He would be strong, 

for the both of them.

