felt guilty for wanting such things. He would've thought it would be selfish of him to want to end it when there were people who would mourn him.

 

At this point though, he felt his decision would be better for everyone. Sure he was selfish, but he wanted this. Dammit after everything he'd gone through couldn't he just have this?

 

And so during his free time he found himself drafting a letter in his mind. Trying to come up with a way to lessen the blow, yet there was so much he wanted to say. Certain things though were too personal, he didn't want to appear weak. He wasn't weak, it was just so hard  and he was tired of everything. So he set off to form a letter, leave an image he was satisfied with and finally finally rest.

 

He admitted writing the letter was emotional. He still felt guilty despite everything.

 

He didn't know exactly when it happened, but before he knew it he was thinking of how to go about it.  At the beginning he wanted to go in a painless manner. After some research he found the muggle way was often painful. Hanging seemed like the perfect form, his research finding that if done correctly it was only the matter of distance between him and the ground that would grant him a quick death due to the way the knot would snap his head upwards so quickly it would cause his death. He quickly discarded the idea, too many factors. The rope could snap, he could calculate the distance incorrectly, the support wouldn't hold up with his body's thrashing, or the knot wouldn't hold up.

 

Then it became not about it being painless or not into the success rate.

 

Poisoning?

No, where would he get potent enough substance without rising suspicion especially so soon after the final battle. Would muggle poisoning work he same way? Was a wizards body different in the aspect that they processed poisons?  

 

Blood loss?

He'd imagine that the clotting of blood would prevent anything too severe if he caused it himself. Doing it in a bath would solve the clotting problem. If not it was sure to be a too lengthy of a process. The falling of in and out of consciousness was sure to be a drawback.

 

Drowning?

If he took too long someone could bring him back. There was a chance if they succeeded then his quality of life would decrease. He didn't want to be taken care of for the rest of his life due to a miscalculation.

 

Despite everything could be stomach someone close to him finding his dead body? No, he didn't like it but he was willing to go through it if it meant he could achieve his goal.

For now he'd have to think about getting ready for the Hogwarts Express. Before the school year ends, yes he'll do it before then. This year he knew what would happen around him, it was predictable. After the school year ends he would have been swept up in the commotion of careers and any major life decisions. And to be frank he didn't know what he wanted  after graduation. He didn't want to be an Auror, he never wanted to take anothers life again.

 

Auror.

 

That seemed to be the only out there for him whether or not he wanted. What other career could the boy, who grew up being told he would defeat the dark lord, ever want besides that?

 

He didn't have to worry about that though, after all it would soon be over.

 

Everything would soon come to an end.


Finally.


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Narcissa's eyes were the frigid blue Draco had come accustomed to some time ago. Since the end of the war did she start to look at Draco in a different light. 

 

Indifferent. 

 

Though, Draco couldn't find it in him to care. Perhaps the war numbed that part of him. The part that yearned to make approvable decisions. Now he cared little of what they thought of him. 

 

He would be great, yes, but that was something that would happen despite whether or not he had their support

 

At this point, Draco should really only be speaking of his mother. His father, Lucius was no longer a part of his future. Locked away, kissed as the rest of the death eaters were. Narcissa for her questionable cunningness in determining Potter's false death was a determinant in her own trial. 

 

Something along the lines of 'For the bravery exceeding those before her' if he was correct. 

 

"Mother, I shall see you upon graduation." To take over as the head of the Malfoy line was left unsaid. Even with Narcissa's limited freedom, the ministry restricted interactions with her. To prevent any unsavory side effects of their interactions or so the ministry insisted. 

 

After all, Draco's personal choice of switching sides partway before the war and working as a double spy alongside Severus was viewed as a trait worthy of an esteemed public figure. 

 

Narcissa simply inclined her head. With a pop Draco once more stood alone. 

 

It was fine. He was used to it