.

"Oh, my Queen! You're as gorgeous as always." Kise kneeled one knee and raised his hand high up in the air in front of Aomine, as he told his words. The latter did not acknowledge him, but kept dancing in front of the mirror.


Then, there was a knock on the door.


"What is it?" the blond's voice became cold all of a sudden, irritated by the interruption.

"Yes! Reporting! There was a powerful traveler who wishes your presence, Your Highness!" the soldier told almost with shaking voice.

"Ok, I'll go." The Queen said.

"However, my Queen, maybe that guy will bring another fake…"

"Kise, Akashi is already 16. That's why I'll entertain whoever it is."


It was Akashi's very 16
th
 birthday that the whole kingdom announced that whoever can bring pure diamond crystal to their kingdom within the following year would marry their daughter. It had been six months, and every guy who went inside the castle was casted out of the island because they just brought quartz or anything of the same luster. Poor them, since The King Kise could actually discern it by a single look.



The traveler looked like he had never taken a bath for weeks for his clothes were ragged and torn, while his dog looked pure and white.


"Arf! Arf!" the dog barked, wagging his tail.

"Kuroko, keep it down." The traveler hushed the dog, and patted its head. The dog liked the gesture, and leaned to the touch.

"Introduce yourself first, and bring us the diamond." Said the Queen who was taking the King's seat.

"Kagami Taiga. This one's Kuroko." And then the red head traveler gave the soldier-in-waiting the diamond, and the diamond to the King.

"This is…!" Kise exclaimed. And he further observed the crystal. It was not so pristine like the synthetic ones, and it had perfect luster. He was already used to the weight of most minerals, and he only hefted it with another crystal in his pocket to judge its density.

"This is a pure diamond, my Queen."

"Indeed."

"So can I…?" the traveler started, but was halted when a red haired woman clad in striped red and gold dress appeared in front of him.

"You can only marry me if you can bring me the Peridot from the island of the East."

"Akashi! Why are you here? Shouldn't you be practicing magic?" Kise yelled, but the daughter paid no heed.

"That's not necessary. I've already mastered all of them." The daughter said, and he turned his focus again on the traveler. "Will you do it, Taiga?"

"I don't really plan…!"


There was a scissors in Akashi's right hand, almost stabbing the dog.



The dog, on the other hand, didn't flinch.


"What a good dog you have."

"Hey! What the fuck are you doing! He's innocent!"

"Get the Peridot, or this will be our main dish for today." Akashi pointed the dog with the sharp end of the red scissors.

"Fine!" And the traveler ran outside with a very upset face and Kuroko following him silently.

"I did not know you fancy Akashi-kun that much." Kuroko said.

"Damn, didn't you understand? He was about to kill you in my dream, of course, I'm gonna do something!"

"But, why did I become Nigou? I felt too depreciated."

"Shut up! I was a damn pheasant in your dream! That was much more insulting!"

"But at least, you can touch a dog in your dream."


East Island was just a kilometer of water away from the Mineral Island and Kagami easily reached it by boat. He brought Kuroko along with him, who seemed to stubborn not to leave the redhead alone in the dangerous feat.



Right in the shore where they landed, he could already see the big violet giant guarding the equally large entrance of the cave where he could obtain his item.



He gulped, scared of the titan, before Kuroko barked.



Kagami crouched and patted the dog again. "Thank you for encouraging me, Kuroko. Right, I am not gonna let that thing pull me down!"



They walked closely towards the cave, and they heard the low voice murmuring "Maiubo…Maiubo…"



Sensing the two alien creatures coming close to him, the giant spoke up. "I'll let you enter if you bring me something more delicious than Maiubo."



I haven't told anything yet, Kagami thought, but that was better so that he could finish things quick. He never knew what Maiubo was, but if it was something delicious, then he could just cook anything.



Becoming a traveler, he was already skilled with cooking outdoors, and it did not take him too long to bake a fruit cake. After all, the forest was full of fresh and ripe fruits, and