at the view of miles and miles of green grass and colorful flowers. Sehun hoped he could go to play outside sometimes.

The closet was also quite big and Sehun let out a gasp at all the clothes on display. The fabric of the tunics looked expensive and refined. Was Baekhyun that rich? Curious, he took some of them out and laid them on the bed. Should he try them on? Discarding his old blue tunic, he put on one of Baekhyun. His new master probably wouldn’t like to see Sehun wearing his ex-master token. The red fabric felt good on his skin, soft and fresh. Sehun liked it.

He quickly put the other clothes back in the closet and folded his old tunic, leaving it at the foot of his bed. He would have to ask Baekhyun if he needed to throw it away. He wanted to keep it as a souvenir, but the rules were strict. Now, he was Baekhyun’s toy, he shouldn’t think of his old master anymore.

Sehun didn’t know how long he stayed on his bed, waiting for someone to come for him. His stomach needed food but he still didn’t know if he could go out. A soft knock on his door startled him and he quickly stood up when a servant, a petite woman with soft eyes, called for him. “Master Baekhyun is asking for you.”

Sehun followed her to the dining room and lowered his gaze to the floor as soon as he saw his master. “Sehun? Did you stay in your room all this time?” he asked worriedly. “I should have told you earlier, but you’re free to wander around the house. You don’t need my permission. You can also go outside to get some fresh air.”

“Thank you, master.” Sehun replied.

“Please call me Baekhyun,” he chuckled. “And look at me.”

Sehun looked up and met his gaze. “Way better.” Baekhyun mumbled. “Keep your gaze lowered only when we’re in public, understood?”

“Yes, Baekhyun.” the toy answered softly.

“Are you hungry?” his master asked.

Hesitating, Sehun blushed when his stomach rumbled. Baekhyun only laughed and ushered him to sit, another servant coming in with food.

“The tunic looks pretty on you,” Baekhyun commented offhandedly, hiding a pleased grin behind his fork.

“Thank you,” Sehun bit his lip. “Do I have to throw away my old tunic?”

Baekhyun looked up from his plate in surprise. “Why would you?”

“Usually, it’s the rules.” Sehun whispered.

“Keep it.” Baekhyun shrugged. “I don’t care about the rules.”

A relieved smile tugged at Sehun’s lips.

 

 

 

 

After diner, Baekhyun asked his servants to prepare a bath for Sehun to relax. The toy quickly washed up, making sure he was as clean as possible before knocking on his master’s bedroom’s door as instructed by the man. Baekhyun was only wearing pants when he came in and Sehun’s eyes flickered to his defined chest before settling on his master’s face.

“Are you feeling tired?” Baekhyun inquired, leading Sehun to his bed with a hand on the small of his back.

“No,” Sehun said, starting to become nervous.

Baekhyun hummed, looking up to smile at him. “Good.” he paused. “Now strip for me, Sehun.”

Sehun froze before unbuttoning the tunic and letting it fall at his feet, leaving him naked in front of Baekhyun for the second time that day. Baekhyun stared at him thoughtfully and smiled. “Go kneel on the bed.”

The toy did as he was told and carefully sat on the bed, waiting for Baekhyun’s next order. His master didn’t join him but dragged a chair at the feet of bed and sat comfortably on it, his eyes not leaving Sehun’s figure. “I want you to touch yourself.” he said casually.

Sehun hesitated a fraction of second before lifting one trembling hand to his chest, caressing his own torso sensually and pinching his nipples in its wake. His mouth fell open as his breathing quickened, his hooded eyes still looking at Baekhyun as he touched himself for his master’s pleasure. Baekhyun opened his legs wider as Sehun wrapped his hand around his cock, pumping it slowly. Biting his lip, Sehun teased himself, thumbing the slit of his cock as his other hand wandered to his balls. He rolled them in his palms and arched his back, letting out a wanton moan. It has been so long since he last touched himself, all his senses were tingling. His ears were ringing and his heart pounded crazily in his chest as his whole body shivered. If he had been nervous at first, now he was awfully aroused. It wasn’t the first time he had an audience but Baekhyun’s piercing eyes were distracting. It was way too hot in the room.

Sehun’s hand left his balls to pinch his nipples, twisting them until they became red and sensitive. His knees trembled and