crashing at a friend's.
He's always on his feet and moving, needs to feel the city vibrate with life, needs strangers bumping into him to know he's still there.
He wanders until he know every street by heart, the little nooks and secret ways not many people have knowledge of. Over time, he gets to know some people better. 

Eponine, with her wolfish smile and her heavy boots becomes his best friend, but even she can't keep him away from the drink and the drugs.
He works odd jobs, still selling paintings when he can. People approach him now and then, to paint them, but he most often declines.
He's not one of the art students who try to sell their talent for money. 

He paints what catches his fancy, and then shares it with his world. Slowly, the parisian skyline appears, wrapped around his calves like an architect's concept sketches in sharp, angly lines.
Grantaire has become one with the city, and even tough he never quite settles anywhere, the city has pulled him into its magnetism, given him a foundation. 

 

The drinking and the drugs had never been areal concern before, even tough he started early.
This changes. Slowly at first, and then he's in a downward spiral he can't seem to escape off. 

The friends he's made in Paris aren't to be called that, and when Eponine finds him, Grantaire's already far gone. 

When he wakes up in hospital, Eponine curled into her chair and glaring silently at him, some lanky freckly dude he doesnt know next to her, he thinks he has hit rock bottom.
That night, he searches for new tattoos, but there are none. 

Only when he drains all his bottles of whiskey down the drain, hands his last drug stashes over to Eponine who disposes them, and decides to accompany her and freckly dude who listens to the name of Marius to one of the protests they seem to frequent, theres the itchy sensation in the palms of his hands. 

A wolf in each, seemingly chasing after something, and he knows who they are. 

Hati and Skoll, mythologic wolves, chasing after sun and moon, and Grantaire knows that he will always be haunted by two of his vices.But he will do everything to be faster than these wolves.

 

After some thinking, Grantaire decides to add some tattoos himself.
They all hurt a damn lot more than he thought they would, but then again, he's had worse.
Theres a crowned skull set into ivy on his left shoulder blade, and an X-Wing fighter over the ribs on the same side.  

He lets Eponine chose one, and he ends up with a pin-up girl wielding a bullwhip that suspiciously looks like her on his upper arm.
They both still laugh about that one. 

 

It takes some time for the next one to appear.
They have settled in a sort of routine. 

Grantaire works, and Eponine and Marius make sure he's alright.
Occassionally, they'll drag Grantaire to stuff they find interesting, be it a concert in the middle of the city or a protest or one time, some sort of medieval festival.
When they decide to take him to meet their other friends, he expects a small gathering of people.
What he gets is a crowd of people in the backroom of a café, and apparently this is not just a gathering of friends, but also a meeting of that social justice tomfoolery Eponine had been talking about. 

Of course. Grantaire decides to make the best of it and humour Eponine, who introduces him to people.
At least, Eps friends are a decent bunch. Eventually, he finds himself a place to sit, a bottle of beer in front of him, He never really recovered from his alcoholism, but the few bottles in between are now enough to keep him grounded, he won't ever drink too much, won't do that to his friends again. 

He looks up, and suddenly, his chest feels like it's burning, boiling all the air out of his lungs. 

Grantaire's hand shoots up to reach for the pain, but then stills as his eyes meet those of the man who had just stepped in front of the room, sees the other man's eyes widen a fraction, standing motionless for a second before he turns to the whole room and begins speaking. 

That is the moment Grantaire knows he is fucked. 

He desperately wants to know what is going on, why his skin is feeling like it's scorching a way through the layers of fabric over his chest, why one glance of the blond man in front, who has Liberté, of all things, tattooed into the inside of his wrist, can send his mind reeling. 

When he comes home that night, he needs to keep himself in place in front of the mirror, startled by all the red. 

His chest looks like someone opened his ribcage, right over his heart. 

In fact, the image of his heart is inked into the skin, and there's a lance