off, trainers laced up, having already got ready to leave after their skating session. Pair skating. Yakov thought they'd be good at it, and surprisingly, they were. Maybe because the pair of them were already so graceful and alike in their skating, and Yuri was light enough for Viktor to toss around and hold up easily. And he could tell Yuri was secretly enjoying it. Said petite skater hesitates, before speaking up "do you want to go out? Together? Tonight?"

Viktor's eyes widen in surprise, before his lips curve into a wide smile. Awh what a cutie, the angry kitten was nervous for once. "Sure thing. We could go to the Christmas market!" Yuri blinks, startled, before he smiles awkwardly, shrugging his narrow shoulders. "Whatever old man, just hurry up." 

Ten minutes later, the pair of them are heading out, coats and scarves on, or in Yuri's case just a denim jacket and hoodie-Viktor's guessing he'll regret that- to the Christmas market. It's actually nice to hang out with Viktor outside training, not that Yuri doesn't spend most of his time with Viktor anyway. They get stopped by quite a few fans for photo's, but luckily Viktor's good at making excuses to save Yuri from his own manic fans. The conversation is easy, and Viktor realises suddenly how much he loves being able to make Yuri smile. It's a impressive feat. 

Whilst Yuri's walking along, by Viktor's side, quietly gazing around, he's yanked to a halt by Viktor's gloved hand on his elbow, causing the small blond's eyes to widen, gaze lifting to the other curiously. "Yuri." Viktor's practically smirking, which is never a good sign. "Oh god. What." He asks suspiciously, eyes narrowing cautiously. "I know we were skating just a couple of hours ago, but.." The tall skating champion leans down, to avoid yelling down to the smaller other. "Lets go skating." he gestures towards the ice rink currently set up in Palace Square. Yuri blinks in surprise, before he chuckles, lips curving into an amused smile. "Seriously?" he asks the taller other, gazing up at him softly. "Yes! Come on, my little котенок, it'd be fun." He coos, taking Yuri's hand and setting off striding through the people, pulling the other along with him.

And so, they decide to do it. Viktor pays the man at the rink for skates, and the tickets, and Yuri's pretty sure the man recognises them, considering the way his eyes widen. Heh. He tugs Viktor across to a bench, and they sit down, beginning to put on the skates. Yuri's slightly put off by how blunt the blades are, but he laces them up quickly anyway, doing it with complete ease, thanks to years and years of practice. Viktor does much the same, before getting to his feet, offering a hand out to the slender blond seated by his side. Yuri takes it, getting to his feet with perfected ease, before striding across to the entrance of the rink with Viktor, the both of them walking easily and elegantly. Practice makes perfect, no? Especially if you're professionals. 

Viktor steps out onto the ice first, Yuri following just behind him, threading his fingers through Viktor's, letting the other take the lead, skating by his side with perfected ease, humming in amusement. It's very different to skating in their rink here in St Petersburg, it's a lot busier for a start, but also a lot more festive. In a way, Yuri actually likes it. He tugs Viktor into the middle, glancing around before he does. Because it's getting a little late, it's actually not too busy, and he drops Viktor's hand, spinning around quickly, just once, smirking a little. Viktor laughs, amused, especially when he spots a couple of the amused / impressed looks being flashed in Yuri's direction. "Showing off~?" Viktor smirks, arching a eyebrow down at the petite blond, who smirks straight back, "Might as well."

"Go on then, do something a little more impressive, you've got an audience after all." Viktor purrs, Yuri taking this as a instant challenge, skates a few feet back, checking his surroundings, which are luckily pretty much empty, skating in a circle around Viktor to build himself some speed, before moving himself into a quick spin, on one leg, before sinking himself down into a sitting spin, hand's on his ankle, bent forward over his legs. He's definitely attracted the attention of the other skaters by now, who're mostly inexperienced couples and children, doing it for fun. Yuri rises out of his spin, up on one leg, arms up, before skidding himself to a halt, hair falling back down by his jaw, arms by his