, but he could see that for sure - he runs far too short. His face and hands were freezing from the cold, but he didn't pay attention to it. He had to train no matter what the weather was.

Then he noticed that someone runs out on the opposite side. By the rains he didn't see who it was, but he knew that if he didn't stop, they'll surely collide with each other.

"Sawamura! Are you crazy?!" Kazuya screamed and at good morning hit the younger boy in the head. It was not difficult to note that he is very upset. "Come here."

Eijun hit the older boy's chest with his nose, when he pulled him close under an umbrella. At this point, he was very pleased, that it's raining, otherwise Miyuki surely would noticed how ashamed he bacame.

"Look at yourself. You're all soaked and you're shaking from the cold. How long are you here?"

"I don't know. Few hours?" Sawamura wasn't sure when he started, and whitch time was now, but he felt exhausted. Catcher, not letting go of the embraced Eijun, walked with him toward the dorm. They didn't go into the pitcher's room. They went to room occupied by Kazuya.

"Miyuki, where are your roommates?" Asked Sawamura hugging himrself and trying to stop shaking on the whole body.

"They're not here. It's none of your business." Miyuki reprimanded him and threw to his feet a shirt and pants. "Take off this wet clothes immediately. I'll do for us some tea."

Eijun tilted his head to one side and scratched his hair with disbelieving expression. Has Miyuki just been nice to him? He sighed heavily, because he was really grateful for cares about him. He changed obediently in older friend's too big clothes and sat on the floor against a wall waiting for Kazuya to join him.

"Here." Miyuki gave hima cup of hot drink and sat on the floor against him. His face betrayed that he was still upset. "Don't you know the meaning of the word 'rest'?"

"But ...! How do I improve my skills if I can't practice! At this rate I'll never overtake Furuya, about Tanba not even mention!" Eijun inflated his cheeks and turned his head away from Kazuya seemed to be offended.

"You idiot! Do you think if you get sick, trainer will allow you to take part in training? Then, instead of one day off waiting you'll have to rest in bed for a weak or two weaks. Unless you don't want it, right?" So saying, catcher reached out his hand and put it on the Eijun's forehead. Fortunately the boy didn't have a fever.

"I'm sorry Miyuki. That's because ... I don't feel that the gap between me and Furuya least a little has decreased. That's why I want to use every free moment to improve my skills." Eijun bowed his head, staring now in a cup of tea.

Kazuya rolled his eyes, put down his cup and moved dangerously close to the younger boy. Eijun backed his head a little. He was a bit shocked by this closeness, not to mention a huge blush, which appeared in on his face. Miyuki smiled gently and put his hands on the other boy's cheeks. He forced him to look him in the eyes and said:

"Sawamura. Stop worry about Furuya. Concentrate on what is really important to you. Only the you'll be able to achieve what you want."

Eijun horrified concluded that the distance between them reduced even more. Miyuki took out of his hand a cup of tea, set it aside and hugged him. He stroked his head and back, saying that he was very worried when he found out that he went to run in this weather.

"Miyuki ... C-Come on. What are you talking about ....?" Eijun wanted to free himself from the grasp of the catcher, but that he wouldn't let. Instead, he leaned his weight on him, so that they both landed on the floor. The younger boy was trapped between Kazuya's arms and legs, who smiled slyly and unexpectedly stole him a kiss. Sawamura instantly froze with his mouth open.

"What was that?" He asked stupidly, staring at Miyuki.

"The Kiss." Kazuya answered and raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Don't tell me that you never kissed anyone?" In response Eijun shook his head slowly. Catcher laughed softly and said: "All the better Sawamura. All the better ..."

Everything happened so quickly that the younger boy didn't even know when it started. In a moment he drank tea with Miyukim and in the second they already lay together on the ground in a love embrace. Eijun felt Kazuya's hands, which moved impatiently around his body. He felt his lips that greedily kissed his face, neck and chest.