and remembers her, loves her and feels her love.  And sometimes, when he has gone days without sleep and is not quite in his right mind, he forgets that she is gone, that the woman in front of him, beckoning him to go to bed, isn’t really there.

He leaves the castle for days at a time when he seeks out desperate souls, strikes his deals, collects his payments.  Before he vanishes from the castle walls, he takes the cup in hand, holds it, remembers, loves, mourns.  And even though he has spells to protect it, even though there is no means or reason for anyone to come in and steal or destroy it, he always places the cup back in the glass cupboard before he goes.  He feels safer with it there, more secure somehow.  When he returns from his dealings, the first thing he does, before anything else, is return it to its pedestal.  He makes sure to keep I in a place of honor.  A place he should have kept her.

His heart is full of guilt and remorse each and every day.  It is not long before he forgets what it is like to live life without it.  But when he feels particularly consumed by guilt, when no deals or potions or spells can ease his mind and make him forget for a while, he takes the cup and holds it close to his chest.  He sits back against the pedestal, sometimes for hours on end, and wallows in his guilt, lets himself drown in it.  It is a worthless penance, but the only one he can make.  He owes her that, at the very least.  He wonders if perhaps, wherever she is, she knows, if she can feel how deeply sorry and full of remorse he is.  And he wonders – hopes, maybe, that should he ever meet her again, in another world, another life, he can fall to his hands and knees before her, beg her forgiveness, and she may actually grant it.

He dreams of her often.  Sometimes the dreams are pleasant and sweet, but far more often, they are full of suffering and pain and torture and her cries of agony and he wakes in a cold sweat with his heart being ripped from his chest.  In the dead of night he races to the cup, holds it, touches it, cradles it against his chest.  The cup is broken and can never be made whole again, like Belle.  Imperfect, but even more beautiful and special and precious because of it, like Belle.  In the darkness, still half asleep, he holds it and soothes it, as if he can hold and soothe his Belle and heal all of the pain she felt.

When he finds himself in a dungeon of his own, tortured not by clerics, but by his own thoughts and memories and darkness, he suffers without it.  Slowly, day by day, he goes mad without it.  He can’t touch it, can’t feel her presence and warmth and spirit, can’t see her face, can’t be comforted by her memory.  He dreams of her every night, being tortured, or walking away, or trying to kiss him and being pushed away.  He cannot feel a tiny bit of the love kept within it, the love that he came to feel for the first time in centuries.  He becomes angry, vicious, vengeful.  He climbs the walls and goes days without sleep, and descends further and further into a madness he fears he will never be able to escape.

When the curse swallows their world whole, he wakes in a soft bed with early morning light streaming through the windows.  He throws the blankets off, limps through the house frantically despite the searing pain in his leg.  He tears through boxes and chests and wardrobes and shelves of unfamiliar things in an unfamiliar house, stops not a moment for the human face in dusty old mirrors, pushes on when his knee buckles beneath him, all the while searching and praying, praying, praying.  And finally, with the house ransacked from one end to the other, he finds the glass-faced cabinet, tucked away in a safe corner – a glass coffin for the memory of a beautiful, lost woman – and resting inside, waiting for him, is his precious cup.  And he takes it cradles it into his chest as he sinks down against the wall, and feels the magic, the memory running through it, even here in this land without magic.  He stays there for hours, holding it, clinging to it, his only lifeline.  No words exist to describe how grateful he is that he has this small memory, if nothing else, this small token to sustain him until the curse breaks and he can finally fade away to dust.

When, decades later, he returns home to find the house ransacked once again, the cup nowhere to be found this time, the reality that he may never have it again quickly sinks into his soul like a plague.  Rage slowly transforms into panic and desperation, and he feels its absence as readily as if it was her being ripped away