job right. If this is because of the Noodle Incident - "

"The Cherubs have no experience with the act itself, Gabriel. Crowley, the Noodle Incident is not why God wants you to do this. It is because of the unholy deal you brokered with Meyers to get her books published. Now, if you'll excuse me." The Metatron vanished in a burst of flame, leaving the angel and the demon to get at it.

There was a moment of silence, and then Crowley sighed. "Best get it over with, then. Your place or mine?"

"My place; it already has the cameras set up for this kind of thing." Gabriel hadn't cleared out the Casa Erotica stuff yet. Or the blonde. She was enthusiastic, after all. He raised his hand and snapped it, and they were there. After another moment of silence he looked at Crowley, then at his body, and he let himself do his usual mental pondering: what would that person look like without clothing? It was always an entertaining way of spending a few years, just sitting in cafes and public places and using special angelic x-ray vision, and now that he actually needed to have sex with the body he was looking at, well.

"You couldn't have picked a female vessel?" Crowley asked, and Gabriel snapped his fingers again, turning on the cameras.

"You missed that fiasco, then. We're live, demon."

"Call me Crowley." He began to undo his shoes, sitting on the bed. "If we're going to do this, you're going to know my name." He wasn't looking at Gabriel, but Gabriel could feel that all of the demon's attentions were on him.

"Call me Gabriel, then. Now, since I'm obviously going to be topping, I suggest you - "

"You honestly think I'm going to let myself be topped by you?" Crowley's eyes flicked to his, dark and dangerous. "This is going to be seen by Lucifer!"

"And Death, and anyone with an internet connection if I know Dad. I'm topping, or you get to do this on fire."

"You wouldn't - " A small flame appeared on Crowley's sleeve. "I like this suit!" The flame went out. "Fine. But you're using lubrication, or I'm lining myself with spikes."

Gabriel laughed, snapping his fingers. His clothes vanished, and a large jar of oil appeared in his hand. "I had forgotten why I liked to play with you guys. Demons have some imagination, when it comes to sex."

"Not all of us are into the pain thing," Crowley muttered as he removed his suit, piece by piece. "And working deals requires some mental flexibility. Are we going to do this or not?"

Gabriel smirked and moved up to Crowley, putting a hand on his chest. He definitely liked what he saw, vessel-wise. The temperature of the room rose a few degrees, and he set the oil down to run his hands over Crowley's chest and sides, feeling. "You're going to lie back and think of England, demon."

"Crowley."

"Crowley," Gabriel confirmed, and Crowley scooted back on the bed, lying back and spreading his legs. "Mm, very nice. So passive, too - "

A growl, and then Gabriel was grabbed by his nipples down into an angry kiss, and Crowley bit at Gabriel's lips, twisting his hands. He felt Gabriel's hips thrust against his, felt evidence of Gabriel's arousal, and then Gabriel was biting back, eyes flashing. Gabriel put his hands on Crowley's wrists and began to squeeze down, more than capable of crushing Crowley's wrists.

Crowley met Gabriel's gaze, digging his nails into Gabriel's skin as he felt his bones begin to twist. But Gabriel didn't let go, or blink, and Crowley let go when the grip became dangerously close to doing some damage. Gabriel smirked and let go.

"Roll over, Crowley. We're not here for foreplay." Gabriel ordered, lips barely inches from Crowley's. He had a far-too-amused look in his eyes along with the dangerous look, and Crowley rolled over reluctantly, not pleased at all with the situation. But then Gabriel was pulling his hips up, back enough to let Gabriel get a grip on his front, and Crowley couldn't stop the gasp. Gabriel worked his fingers over Crowley's tip, then and up and down him, drumming against him as he worked his palm up and down. It felt exquisite, and he couldn't stop himself from moaning and pushing into the touch.

"Gabriel - " Crowley forced out, trying not to get too caught up in the pleasure. "Get on with it!"

There was a chuckle from above him, and then the hand on his front was gone as Gabriel spread him,