at them with it’s back claws.

“Can we start worrying now?” Imaizumi grumbled.

“Let’s make Kaiju soup!” Naruko laughed, even Onoda chuckled at that. The three of them moved in perfect sync as they responded to the Kaiju’s attacks.

They loaded the canon and shot several times only half able to aim with the Kaiju wrapped around their arm. The next few minutes were a blur but it was Orchid who managed to stop it in the end grabbing it’s head area and yanking until the damn thing came apart.

They fired a few more shots at each piece for heading back. Trying to anyway. Now that the fight was over PCS took a moment to look at the alarms that were blaring and realized the damn creature had managed to sever the connection to their legs. Which honestly explained the lack of movement for the last half of the fight.

“The boys are stuck, we’ll drag em back.” Aya’s voice came over the coms and Naruko laughed.

“We’ll send an evac for them Orchid don’t worry. Check the area for any human survivors. There weren’t reports of ships in the area but better safe than sorry.” It was Tadokoro’s voice over the coms this time.

“Oh come on old man why don’t you just come get us yourself?” Naruko quipped into his com.

“Why don’t you just walk yourself back then red bean?”

“Tadokoro be nice.” Kinjo’s voice was quiet enough it was obvious he’d already walked away from the coms and was calling from across the room somewhere.

The evac didn’t take long to show up and hook up the PSC so they could bring it back. In the end it turned out the Jaeger was completely out of commission. Apart from having completely destroyed the electronics connecting the lower half to everything else the Kaiju had all but gutted the lower half. They were lucky they’d remained standing for the fight from what the mechs said. The good news though was that T2 and the Peak Spider were both able to be fully repaired with spare parts from PCS so they wouldn’t have to wait for parts to be shipped in any longer. The whole lot of them were standing on deck discussing it when three men dressed in blue walked up. The team turned almost as one to face them.

“Well it sounds like we came right in the nick of time then if you’re down an entire Jaeger.” On of them with nearly shoulder length black hair held back behind a headband grinned at them. Behind him was another who looked closer to Onoda and the younger pilots age rather than their seniors. This one had hair that was almost blue and looked like the wind had had its way with it. They would later find out that his hair always looked like that. The third who stood taller than both the other two had blond hair that was spiked up and looked more irritable than anything else. Half hidden behind the blue haired kid was a girl with dark hair and large glasses. “I’m Toudou, this is my co-pilot and protege Manami, and our ground team Fukutomi and Miyaraha. Our team got to large to hold in our base so we’ve been sent here to help you. This Feel free to thank us.”

There was half a beat to long of silence before Kinjo spoke. “Welcome to Sohuko. I’m not one to turn away help.”

“I am.” Makishima tilted his head glaring at them from half a step behind Kinjo. “Go away.”

“What can you offer us that we don’t already have?” Tadokoro asked looking the three of them over. Honestly they didn’t look like much. Pretty perhaps but the younger one looked clueless at best and the older one was to full of himself by far. The only one Tadorkoro thought looked even remotely useful was the blond and he wasn’t even a pilot.

“We are strong.” Fukutomi said looking at Kinjo rather than the others. “We will not loose to the Kaiju"

“We don’t loose either!” Naruko snapped.

“No but you’re careless and over confident.” Toudou shook out his hair and looked at the young pilots. “And visually speaking none of you are more than a six.” 

“Looks are unimportant. All that matters is we get the job done.” Imaizumi said glaring at Toudou.

“In any case.” Kinjo spoke before any one else had a chance to try and pick a fight with the new comers. “Orders are orders and they’re here now. We’ll take a break for lunch and everyone can meet up in the workout room after for training. It wont be long until another Kaiju is spotted and we might be called to assist even if we’re not the closest.”

This time the, “Yes Sir” was said with varying levels of enthusiasm.

“Good, Makishima since you’re so keen and eager today you can spend the day showing Toudou around the base. I expect you’re make him feel