masculine, calloused from violin playing- came to him to give him the oft-necessary push into the mindset he needed to succeed: he was lazy and required his father's practical, moral hands to give him the firm but caring guidance that was characteristic of his nature. Mycroft's obnoxious, manicured ones were the tiresome, trying hands that tugged on his curls or ruffled his hair the way he did when they were children. It was endlessly vexing- Sherlock didn't like Mycroft's hands and avoided them whenever he could. The usually only came when he was being smug about something, as if knocking him back to his place.

Mycroft's were the first that Sherlock learned to control.

For a time, the hands had been ever-present specters that ghosted at the edges of his consciousness, appearing uncontrollably, but once he encountered Mycroft's hands, he fought to dominate them a little more. Sometimes he would sit alone for hours in his room, fingers steepled, brow furrowed in concentration as he manipulated the emotions that would cause the hands to stir and prod at the walls of his perception. At the beginning, they made it through the atmospheric envelope that surrounded him but after a time, he'd strengthened himself enough that they couldn't pass through unless he allowed them to.

That didn't mean he was immune to them, no. Quite the contrary: he often gritted his teeth in wry frustration at Mycroft's fingers tapping at his walls, as if they were purposely trying to bug him and saying, "Come now, Sherlock, don't be such a child..."

Every time a new pair of hands appeared, it meant a whole new training regime in which he retaught himself- and taught the new hands- who was the master. As he got older he became even more focused and coached himself patiently in the art of having the hands obey him to his advantage. If he used one of Mummy's hands, one of Father's, and one of Mycroft's he managed to maintain a bullet-like efficiency- calm, driven, and eager to solve any puzzle laid before him to snark that damned brother of his. They touched at the vast reservoirs of his brainpower and at the same time rested on his shoulders, on his head...a presence physically and mentally.

And then, when he was twenty-four, he found his freedom.

Shooting up was a glorious respite from the constant awareness of the hands. The first time, it had frightened him, and in a desperate, panicked haze he had searched for his mother's soothing touch that was suddenly absent. The first time had been a lonesome yet exhilarating experience, one that had left him empty with longing for the equilibrium and familiarity of the hands and at the same time liberated of the constant toying and fidgeting and movement at the cusp of his mind. He felt peculiarly sharp and hazy at the same time, plagued by insatiable hunger both mentally and physically.

When the effects of the drug had worn off, they'd appeared again, like the inevitable headache after the drinking. They were there again, unchanged fundamentally but stronger in force, preying on his wearied, cocaine-addled mind while its defenses were down.

He'd fought them for years once he'd discovered his release. Once he'd tasted freedom, he never wished to let it go. He called on the hands only in times of need or when his beast was being properly occupied with some new puzzle, but otherwise he shut them out.

That was how Lestrade found him.

Sherlock wasn't grateful for the forcible removal of his escape and the resurgence of the hands, delving into his mind now that it was weakened by constant drug use. It had been another year of retraining himself and the hands, and when he began working for Lestrade, a dozen more appeared. It was an exhausting, vexing process that left Sherlock craving for his drugs. He had tasted deliverance and he wanted it back.

Nicotine patches were a poor substitute, giving him almost no relief from the hands, but recreating a small portion of what the drug had once given him. In some ways, ways that he almost appreciated, it was better; he could focus his mind without getting rid of the hands. While troublesome, he'd forgotten how much they could help him.

He functioned like that for years, gaining skills in mastering the hands to the point where a new pair appeared and he needed little time to force them into submission. They were all the same at the beginning: prying, desperate to make contact. He let them in briefly, familiarizing themselves with the other, but just as quickly he shoved them out and showed them his superiority. You come when I need you, his mind whispered.

Then, along came John Watson.

An unexpected pair of hands came from the unremarkable veteran. His hands were like is eyes- curiously guarded but at the same time unspeakably vulnerable. Sherlock puzzled over him for quite a while, long hours into the night.

John's hands did not behave