and he will scowl with  only his brows, a small furrow that barely puckers the space between  his eyes, and say your rank and name softly under his breath.

Shamed, when you look down, you expect him to leave. A service bot  has no place in the bedroom, they are meant only for the labs. You  nearly jump out of your skin when he suddenly steps in close and reaches  out. His hands are warm, not the warmth of a human, but a sharp,  robotic warmth that comes with the heat that leaks out of his synthetic  skin from all of the different bits of equipment underneath that work to  keep him running. When you look up, its hard to remember that he isn’t  human - unable to look away from his thin, soft mouth and strong  jawline. His high cheekbones reflect the light of the ship, eyes hooded  and flickering every now and then, their color a pale aqua that  alternates between blue and green, depending on the day.

“David…” You croak, feeling yourself tense, the gentle weight of his  soft fingers around your wrist like some kind of cuff that you can’t  escape. Hearing his name seems to pull him out of the emotional lag that  his processors have gone under, and he’s crowding you up against the  nearest wall, walking you back until there is nothing but a hard surface  bumping against your shoulders and bottom. You’ve become robbed of  breath, watching his other hand rise up until its suddenly cupping your  cheek. He is silent, observing the reaction as you resist the desire to  lean into the touch. He increases the pressure, thumb stroking along  your cheek until your eyes fall shut and you allow the moment to happen.

You don’t think to look at him right away, not until you feel his  mouth against yours, lips soft - painfully realistic to a point where  you don’t even think to resist. You bring an arm up, unsure of what to  do with it, and gasp into his mouth when he guides your hand to his  shoulder, palm still cupping your jaw while he rests his other hand on  the swell of your hip. You forget how to speak, mouth parting far too  eagerly when he presses in close, suckling your bottom lip as if tasting  a fruit for the first time.

It isn’t long before he’s guiding you to your chambers, locking the  door manually to prevent intruders, and then stripping you. His eyes  remain observant, void of any emotion except keen, distant interest when  he feels every inch of flesh exposed, testing its softness and weight  beneath his manufactured fingers. He guides you to the bed soon after,  taking only a moment to divest himself of the standard issued uniform,  and seems taken aback when you express surprise at the sheer size of his  endowment. You realize that he may have been assigned to the ship as a  service bot, but he was also designed for pleasure, given that his cock  hangs thick and heavy between two perfect legs.

He seems oblivious to it, reaching out to touch you again even as his  own body reacts with an interest that you honestly weren’t  anticipating. His lips touch your throat and you feel his hot, hard  length twitch and grow from where it has pressed into your upper thigh.  He wastes no time in taking you apart, each touch of his lips and  fingers precise, searching for those bits of skin that make you react  with gasps and moans. He isn’t a lust-driven monster, and so he takes  his time in memorizing every inch of you, kissing and suckling each  nipple, lapping at the aureola and watching them harden in response. He  kisses down to your navel, mesmerized by the way you pant for air in a  way that has him touching your ribs reverently with each rise and fall.

When he reaches between your legs, his touch is one of precision,  mouth wet and hot as he slowly tries to undo you and make you writhe in  ecstasy while he uses his fingers to open you up beneath him.

There’s no need for protection, not when he admits that you are the  only crew member he would willingly lie with, that you are the only one  worth this new experience. He says this as he guides his cock inside of  you with one hand holding the base, while the other supports his weight  above you. You barely have a chance to say much else when the head of  his thick, perfect length pushes in the first few inches, hot and so  painfully filling that you can’t do much else besides groan and drop  your head back against the bed.

He pants, though he doesn’t need to breathe, and hooks his palm  behind your knee, guiding it over his shoulder at the same time he bends  down and slides completely home inside of you.

At first, he doesn’t move, watching your every twitch and shudder  while you adjust to his size, observing and making absolute sure that  you are in no amount of pain when he draws back and snaps his hips  forward. Your head spins and you cry out in surprise, pleasure flaring  deep inside of