Angela had probably showered there just because it was closer to her office, Lena knew the doctor and that was not a surprise - but why would she do that in the communals? Of course, those things aren't always planned, but then there was the way Angela didn't stop when Lena walked in, the way she held eye contact like she wanted to be seen - oh.

And despite her efforts Lena's in her own shower with her own hand between her legs, leaning against the wall with that image of Angela in her head while she desperately rubbed her clit and tried to keep quiet. Eventually she couldn't stop the whimper that escaped and the whispers of Angela's name with some profanities. She kept seeing Angela's face while she'd fucked herself and just let Lena watch and the way her lips were parted made Lena want to kiss them more than ever. She thought of running her hands over Angela's body, of touching and squeezing her pale skin and running her hands through her hair. She thought of making Angela squirm, of making her moan and whimper and scream Lena's name and god did she want that to happen. If Angela Ziegler was an angel - and Lena's pretty sure she is - Lena wanted to defile her in every way she knew how.

She came harder than she had in a long time around her own fingers and finished her shower in a fantastic post-orgasm haze, the guilt pushed off for another time. That other time being when she'd finally redressed and actually had the chance to process "oh god, what the fuck just happened, what did I do." She had no idea how she was going to be able to face Angela next, let alone look her in the eyes ever again.

Fortunately or unfortunately for Lena, her answer came as quickly as that evening, when she ran into Angela in the mess hall. Lena was eating dinner with Jesse, Genji and Reinhardt when Angela walked in.

"Hello," She greeted the four of them with a small wave and smile. Despite her and Angela's recent altercation a part of Lena melted when she saw that. The other three replied with various greetings of their own, so of course Lena did as well - and she didn't miss the way her and Angela's eyes met for an intense second. Reinhardt and Jesse returned to their previous conversation while Genji asked Angela how she was and made other various small talk. Lena became quiet (for once) in a way that would be seen as thoughtful by the others when she was actually internally panicking. How could Angela just pretend that a few hours ago hadn't happened? Would she continue to do so?

Not only would she, but she'd do it well. Angela acted so normal that Lena actually began to doubt what she had seen. Was it a fever dream? A chronal accelerator malfunction? Lena began to avoid seeing Angela one on one whenever she could, which thankfully didn't arouse suspicion from anyone (except maybe Angela) because of how erratic she usually was.

But time passed and this stupid thing was still eating at her and she couldn't avoid Angela forever, not when she was the head doctor and one of her friends. So she sucked it up and went to Angela's office to have her look at a bruise that didn't seem to be healing right.

"Lena! I haven't seen you in a while," Angela said brightly when Lena walked in, sitting up straight from being hunched over her desk.

"Yeah, ah," Lena rubbed the back of her neck with a nervous grin, looking at the floor to the side.

"Please, take a seat. What seems to be the matter?" Lena hopped onto the exam table while Angela stood up from her desk and grabbed a data pad.

"Well a couple days ago I was sparring with Hana and she landed a nice shot on my ribs, which would be fine but the bruise doesn't seem to be healing right," Lena said, her right hand absentmindedly going to the spot of the bruise as she spoke.

"May I take a look at it?" Angela asked.

"Yeah, of course." Lena grabbed the hem of her t-shirt and pulled it up, slipping her left arm out so that the material rested on her shoulder. She turned her side toward Angela and tried to ignore the lump of anxiety in her chest.

"It's kind of covered up by, ah," Lena looked down and lifted the edge of her sports bra enough to expose the rest of the bruise. Angela was right in front of her, leaning down to get a better look; she took ahold of where Lena was holding her bra up with one hand and ran her fingertips along the bruise with the other. Lena broke into goosebumps at her feather-light touch, and prayed to every god out there that Angela didn't notice.

"Mm, that probably has something to do with it," Angela said, standing up straight and tilting her head to