like nothing I ever heard before erupted from my lips. A light shown from my chest and blasted outward as a wave of power that threw the creature back into the fire place.  I kept roaring as my body grew larger. Bones popped and muscles twisted as I felt myself quickly changing. Papyrus, now half unconscious, slumped limply on me as I sat up. I held him close to me as my body grew taller and wider. The process was agonizing but I bared it. I was going to protect my family!! At that moment any pain was worth it!

As I felt myself nearing completion I heard a maniacl laughing sound as the creature stepped out of the cold fire and back onto the library rug. Little bits of blue fire licking at it's clothes as it brushed it off with a giggle. 

“Good try....child...but...not good enou....” it stopped talking as it looked up at me. And indeed it had to look up. 

I towered over him, a good twenty feet high. I could feel my body had changed dramatically. My body was longer, almost snake like in feel. My toes and legs were shorter but powerful. Two long whisker like things grew from my snout and gently danced in the air around me. I felt something on my back move in a fluttering motion but it was strong and powerful lifting my body up a bit into the air. My tail felt mighty as it slapped the ground and released a loud thwacking sound that echoed throughout the library. I had turned into something very large and strong, but like before, I could not tell exactly what it was exactly. But whatever it was I knew it would do the job I needed as I stared down at the creature with pure hate in my eyes. 

The little bitches eyes bulged out and its body shook crazily as it let lose a terrifying shriek as it ran for the windows and out into the garden. I snarled after it.

'Not on my watch you little fuck!'

Placing Papyrus gently onto the library rug I glanced at him and knew he would be alright. I was able to stop the creature from taking to much of his magic. He was in an exhausted sleep now. My heart gave a small jump for joy at that knowledge before I looked back at the hole where the had creature left. 

I felt my body warming as a familiar friend joined me for the hunt.

'Come determination! Lets catch this little son of a bitch!'

I ran toward the glass and before I hit it I teleported onto the other side and into the gardens below. Before I hit the tree tops the strange something on my back moved quickly with a soft buzzing sound, much like a humming bird, and I found myself floating. My long body drifted in the air and curled about on itself as I looked about. With my new height and eyes everything looked like daylight in the darkness. My ears could hear the sounds of life throughout the garden and with it the gasping breath of the undead as I gargled and ran deeper into the castle gardens.

A sneer graces my lips and I found myself quickly speeding over the tree tops after the creature's trail. I moved like the wind. Silently and deadly over the tall grass, shrubs, and trees my long body swam through the air in pursuit. I could hear the creature shriek as it saw me approaching. It turned back toward the castle and I changed direction to follow it.

It had fast legs. 

By the time I was close enough to see it, it had scaled the side of the castle and crashed through another set of  windows. Racing after it I flew with determination burning in my heart and soul! Teleporting inside I was suddenly floating over the floors of the castle halls. The creature before me was speeding up down the dark corridors. 

'Where the hell was it....?'  A sickening feeling hit me and pure dread coursed through my veins. 'Oh gods and ancestors no! The party hall!!'

The realization caused me to hiss in rage and I speed up my pursuit. The large doors to the dance hall were just ahead as the creature dove at them. I released a roar of rage as I barreled into it and crashed through the double doors. I hissed enraged as I felt him hop off of my head as my large body crashed and tumbled onto the dance floor scattering many of the participants to the corners of the room. Quickly righting myself up I stood on all fours as I hissed and turned about in the very center of the large room. My tailed whipping about and my long neck curling up and around in agitation.   A hissing roar escaped my jaws as I issued a challenge to the little fucker. 

Of course the chicken shit did not respond.

As I searched I did not hear the screams of the humans or the awed gasps of the monsters.  I did not feel the ground give away at my claws or my body colliding with tables and other materials. 

My mind  was on the hunt. My prey had only eluded me for a short while but I was going to find it. I felt it in my bones! However