the people in the area. There are titans at the back and there's a weird hairy one, normal village people, bunch of fairies, and other magical creatures that you usually saw in fantasy movies and on fantasy RPG games except that most of them are busy with their phones and other gadgets, leaching at the castle's wifi. Armin must have added that to the flyers. Levi caught sight of a yellow hair.

"Shit!" Levi cursed, backing away from the curtains and rushing towards the backstage. 

He completely forgot about the group and Erwin but it seems like Erwin forgot about him too since he saw Erwin finding a good seat with a big-ass popcorn bag on his hand and so as the rest of the group. But he can't let Erwin see him like this! Or maybe he's just over reacting since Erwin is the one who chooses his clothes for a party one time with a dress code of "any female clothing".  Yes, he's just over reacting. Speaking of Erwin, he hoped giant blonde didn't forget about watering his crops on Green Ville Farm 3.

He snapped back to reality when he bumped on... a wing? He blinked several times to clear his sight and his mind. The owner turned around, blue-green eyes glared down at Levi.

"Hey, watch where you going- your majesty?" the speaker's features soften when he recognized the king. "Wow, I hardly recognize you." he gave the king a boyish smile.

Levi eyes wondered from head to toe. This guy is blazing hot! The guy with a chocolate hair was 10cm taller than him which pissed him so much. However, his anger subsides when eyes focused on his beautiful tan skin. He was wearing a blue and white checkered polo, the one that Levi admired on the magazine earlier. 

"Ahhhh.... Are you a wolf? Or a vampire? Ah! A ghost wolf!" the brunet chuckled and scratch his head.

Levi knew he looked like a ghost right now with the absence of color on his skin. He clicked his tongue at the sudden reminder to of using makeup.

The brunet noticed the lipstick that he clutched on his left hand. 

"Let me help you." the brunet took the lipstick from his hand. He removed the cup and turn the handle, extending a blood red colored stick. With his free hand, he lifted Levi's chin. "Please part your lips." 

The shorter male didn't follow, he stared at the stick like it was a predator and he was the trembling prey, so he forced him by using his thumb.

Levi shivered as the stick touched his lip but he was taken aback by the familiar gorgeous blue-green eyes. It looks exactly like the dragon's. Up close, Levi noticed that there is more color in it than plain blue-green. It's like watching the waters of the Caribbeans, beautiful but there is also a hint of danger in them like the Caribbeans sea. It was beautiful, magical at the most, however, monsters are ready to pounce at you even if you are just on the shore.   

The brunet leans back and examined his work. "I think I put too much."

Levi didn't manage to protest when the brunet suddenly places his lips on his. It was a short kiss but Levi felt like he was zapped in the contact making his heart beat faster and his magic stir inside him. He felt his damn tail swaying from side to side.

"There, now you look like a......... vampire-wolf?" he voice is full of confusion as he lean back again and stared at Levi.

"Who are you?" He asked as he massaged his temples. Levi's mind and magic are still recovering from the zap. 

"Ouch, you forgot me already your majesty? I'm Eren Yeager and I'm the dragon." he reach out to scratched the king's wolf ears but the Levi backs away immediately.

"Idiot, you didn't even introduce yourself in the first place," Levi stared down at the wooden floor, then he noticed that there was a basket with no handle, there was a red ribbon tied around it and it was full of yellow, rectangular block thingy. "What is that?" he gestured at the basket.

"Oh, I almost forgot." Eren took the basket and showed it to Levi. The king eyed the contents. "It's exotic butter. I got them from my part-time job, though it only lasted five nights but it was fun." Eren just laughed at the memory from his work, animatronics chase after him and tries to kill him. It was fun. The last animatronic did say something about getting out of that place but Eren brushed it off, it's not important anyway.

"I think I won't stay here any longer..." Levi said, moving to the snack corner where Armin put the pieces of bread and drinks for them.

Eren followed him like a dog excited to be fed by his master. Or one of those