You remember the beach and the way the clouds climbed into the heavens, you just don’t remember how the waves sounded, or the way that the sand felt between your toes. You know it was nice and pleasant, just not the whole memory.”“When I dream I remember the voices clearly, the pictures fade, but the sound-” worthless, poison, “the words stay with me forever.”Cas reached one hand out and tucked a piece of my hair behind my ear, “And what do you dream about Deana Winchester?”I can’t help but smile, I like the way my name comes pouring out of his lips. That voice can stay with me for as long as I like. But then I remember what he was asking, my dreams. Dreams come rarely, being too tired to dream happens to me a lot. And when I do, Sam is there. But it’s not baby Sam. It’s the boy I imagined he would have grown up to be. I’ve created a whole little world for him to live in… it only he had lived. “My brother mostly, sometimes my car, or my friends. There’s not a lot in my life that I think about other than those who I consider family. And those people tend to stick with me. Even if I don’t want them to.”“Like who.” But I think he already knows the answer. “You know that Michael doesn’t control you, and that you live so far away from him, with a career and those friends you consider family don’t care if you had a stinky boyfriend who was worse than horse shit.”I look at him, our faces so close together because of our position. Laying down on a bed will tend to do that. “You’re a good person Castiel.”“I try.” He smiles and I do too.“I’m serious, you are. What are you doing with a person like me?”“What am I doing?”He turned my question back at me and the smile faltered on my face, “Cas I-”“I know that you said you don’t date, and I respect that. So tell me why I’m laying in a bed with you with our faces so close together and tell me why my heart is beating faster than it ever has before. And why your fingers have crept closer to mine.”I jerk back my hand and bring them up to my face, “Cas I can’t, I’m poison. I’m broken.” His hand grabbed at my chin and forced my head up, so that I was looking at him. “Why would you say that?”I could tell that there were tears in my eyes waiting to be shed, but I blinked my eyes furiously. I was not going to cry because of him. I was done crying over guys. “It’s the truth. Everyone I try to be with, or love me back end up getting hurt. It’s only a matter of time.”“That’s not true Dean.”“Then I’m broken.” I wish there was some emotion in my voice, but there’s not. I feel empty and it hurts to feel so hollow. “I’m broken and I don’t think I could love someone without being afraid. I don’t want to be afraid to be with you.”“Maybe those other people hurt you Dean, I get that, but I won’t.”“Why? Why are you trying so hard to be with me?”“I don’t know.” My wrists were still in his hands and I looked down at them now, I was not small and petite. I was not girly and frail. I was strong. You could see the muscle in my arms, and the scars on my knuckle. I was stronger than I was five years ago. “The day you woke up in my apartment and the way you kissed me for the first time, I was already falling.”“Falling hurts Cas.”“Not if there’s someone there to catch you.”

I couldn’t say anything to that, I didn’t know if I could catch him, or myself. Life was messed up like that, at least mine was. I could not find myself to lie to him and tell him I would be there, because I didn’t want to hurt him. And that was the whole problem. Not wanting to hurt people came from my whole life; everything I have done, shoving people away and creating walls to separate my thoughts from my feelings has all been in the attempt to keep people away from me. To keep them away from the fire that burned everyone I touched.I was sitting in my bathroom, the one connected to my room, so I could hear him moving around in my room. And I’m pretty sure he could hear me if I moved, which I haven’t. I haven’t moved from my position on the bathroom floor. My knees are up to my