. “Would you like an ‘us’?”

The younger’s breath hitched and he looked up at him, a hopeful look on his face. “Us?”

Chanyeol chuckled, bending down to press a kiss to his nose. “Yes, us.”



Hearing Chanyeol’s sweet words made Sehun feel giddy, and he couldn’t stay still. He had to excuse himself to the bathroom to calm his racing heart and thoughts. Chanyeol wanted him, Chanyeol wanted them. The younger felt really happy, yet he couldn’t help but to worry. What if they weren’t made for each other? Being friends and being lovers wasn’t exactly the same thing after all. Would they be alright if they try? 

Sehun had wanted it for so long despite knowing he didn’t stand a chance to be with the older one that now that he could it felt like it was too good to be true. And why was he wasting his time thinking about it when Chanyeol was in the room next to him waiting for him? He had to trust Chanyeol. The older one had more experiences than him with relationships, he would have the answers to his questions. 

Breathing in deeply, he checked himself out one last time in the mirror and opened the door. Chanyeol was still sitting on the bed where he left him a few minutes ago, playing with his phone. He hastily sat up when he saw Sehun and put his phone away, offering him a smile. 

“Come here.” He called, tapping the space next to him.

Sehun nodded and marched to him, sitting neither too far nor too close. Chanyeol chuckled and chose to sit behind him, gluing himself to the younger’s back and encircling his waist with his arms causing the younger to tense up before he let himself relax. 

“Why are you so shy suddenly?” Chanyeol whispered, putting his chin on Sehun’s shoulder. 

The younger let out a shaky breath and played with his fingers, turning his head away. “I don’t really know how…to act around you I guess.” 

“Nothing has to change. Am I making you uncomfortable?” Chanyeol asked, confused. Waiting for the younger’s reply he tightened his grip on his middle and nosed at his neck, then his jaw and up towards his cheek. “Sehun, look at me.” 

Sehun stiffened before slowly turning to face him and being startled to see Chanyeol’s face so close to his. Chanyeol smiled when their gazes met and cupped Sehun’s left cheek to keep him in place. “I’m going to kiss you now.” He stated. 

The younger’s only response was to blink as Chanyeol leaned in, stopping only millimeters away from his mouth before pressing his lips softly on his and closing his eyes. Sehun imitated him and closed his eyes when their mouths connected, going lax in Chanyeol’s arms to savor the moment. Their noses bumped into each other and they chuckled, amused. He couldn’t believe it: he was kissing Chanyeol, well more likeChanyeol was kissing him.

Chanyeol then decided to deepen the kiss and coaxed Sehun’s mouth to open, the younger sighing against his lips. Sehun’s heart beat quickened up as their tongues met and his hand came to hold onto Chanyeol’s neck to keep him close. He could smell Chanyeol’s natural odor and feel the warmth of his skin under his fingerprints and all the sensations were making his head spin. 

If their first kiss was chaste and innocent, this one wasn’t at all. Chanyeol was kissing him like he couldn’t get enough of him, his hand on Sehun’s cheek tender but firm nonetheless. The older one relented only pressing soft kisses on Sehun’s mouth, his hand on the younger’s waist sliding under his shirt to caress his skin. Chanyeol bit the younger’s lower lip, tearing off a gasp from him, before licking the pain away and sliding his tongue once again in his mouth. Sehun could only go with the flow, letting Chanyeol ravage him until they finally break away, out of breath. 

When Sehun opened his eyes again, Chanyeol was gazing at him lovingly, his hand caressing his face in wonder. The younger felt hot under his gaze and his cheeks were certainly flushed but Chanyeol was in the same state anyway. His breath was coming short, his cheekbones and ears were red and his eyes glassy. They grinned at each other and Chanyeol laughed, hiding his face in Sehun’s neck. 

“That was…very different from our first kiss.” Chanyeol teased, placing a small kiss on the younger’s jaw. 

Laughing shyly, Sehun only nodded. They stayed in the same position for a few minutes, embracing each other and sharing kisses.



“Can’t you stay a little bit more?” Sehun asked for the umpteenth time. 

Chanyeol sighed and kissed Sehun’s forehead. “I have to go back home for a while. It’s been months since I saw my family, I missed them and I need to go home.”

Sehun didn’t reply