been in such a familiar way, such a proper way; following Bran, no matter where he led.

Bran was propped on his elbows, hand brushing over the long stalks of grass, the picnic bag lying between them.  The canvas bag had been spread out to serve as a table for the bacon sarnies Aunt Jen had pressed on them as they left the Evans's early that morning, and a few insects industriously investigated the few crumbs they had left behind.  "All right, then," Bran said.  "I won't ask again if you'll tell me why not."

"It's a wonder your teachers aren't trying to turn you into a solicitor, with that bent of mind," Will said mildly.  Bran's teachers in Cardiff had, once they had gotten over the shock of the country albino boy who talked back, been trying assiduously to turn him into a medico; but Bran had written mockingly of their efforts, his letters carrying a bit of scorn tucked in between the punctuation.  He was, Will knew, meant for greater things than splinting broken wrists and administering cod-liver oil.  That knowledge, bone and blood and breath deep, did not mean that Will was any the surer what those greater things would be; but they were waiting for Bran. Of that he was certain.

He turned his head to see Bran watching him, a faint smirk on his face.

"Because—because there is no happily-ever-after, all right?"  He rolled over and put his chin in his hands.  The pale sunshine washed his face and he squinted toward Bran.  "I know what came after the ever after, and it was never happy."

"Not once, in all of human history, or before," Bran said, his brows arching above his dark glasses, "has any story ended well?"

"Well, yes.  They ended as they ended, and that is ending well."  Will closed his eyes and tried not to see Hawkin's snarling face slacken on the backs of his eyelids; the memory had faded and become bleached of color over the years, but it was still more vivid than many other things he had experienced.

"You mean they died."  Bran's voice was casual, and when Will opened his eyes to look at him, he saw that Bran was spinning a dead leaf between his thumb and forefinger.

It was odd, how such a gesture could recall memories that had never happened but could have, would have if Bran had not made his choice as he had: Bran lying, sprawled full-length on a mountainside, twirling a leaf between his fingers, but instead of hiding his raven's eyes behind smoked glass, they were glowing against his skin, framed by creases, and made all the more vivid by the mud smudged on his cheekbone and temple.  "Stories are about humans," Will said absently, as he chased the memory down arched corridors of possibility.  "Humans die."  Bran sat up and stared at him.  "What?" Will said, the weight of Bran's gaze making him look up from his hands, which he had been staring at.  Bran shook his head.  "What?" he repeated, unnerved now.

Bran bit into another apple.  "Sometimes," he said through his mouthful, "I forget, that's all.  I call you dewin, and it seems no more than any ordinary nickname, like calling Jane, oh, Janey, or your cousin Rhys — well, no one would nickname Rhys, would they?'  He flicked a smile, brief as morning mist, and added, "But then you come out and say something like that, and I remember all over again."

Will lifted a hand helplessly.  "I—I'm sorry?" he tried.

"Don't be," Bran said, tossing his apple core over his shoulder, "You only do it around me.  You're not careless.  Even if you were, would it matter?"  Will shrugged uncomfortably.  "Jane and Barney and Simon—" Bran said, somehow exaggerating the Welshness of the vowels so that they sounded new and ancient, all at once.  "They're—"

Somewhere behind a clump of bent trees, a dog barked—chasing butterflies, probably.  "They," Will said firmly, "Are what they have always been.  Good friends."

"And I?"

"You," he repeated, "are what you have always been.  Yourself."  Bran shifted restlessly, and Will swallowed.  Bran had never asked why Will had said cofiwch, cofiwch to him, putting the full weight of his power behind it, and Will had never explained, not wanting to revisit, even in description, the diminishment that that had been visible in Bran's smallest movement.  Forgetting was all well and good for ordinary people (although no one is ever ordinary; each person has untapped wondrous qualities, for the Dark and the Light), but it had not been mere forgetting for Bran; it had been something far more terrible, more overarching, and Will did not care to put a name