fallen witches and wizards, but only for the winning side of the war. Not only was the losing side ineligible for these funds and benefits, but also had trouble finding jobs and were often paid less for the same labor. I couldn’t stand when this new type of prejudice affected children and innocent relatives. I often spoke out on their behalf. It was only Voldemort’s actual supporters who deserved the ostracism.

            “No, I had no idea,” I answered.

            “Does that change how you feel about the charity parties?” Draco asked pointedly.

            “No, of course not! The children are innocent. It doesn’t matter who their parents were.” The only thing that this news changed was that I now thought even more highly of the new Draco.

            “Good, I’m glad you agree. For a second there I thought you might be a hypocrite.”

            “No, I was just surprised. I hadn’t considered it, is all. Truthfully, I may have adopted a child of war heroes, but that was just because I was already his godfather. I think all orphans are equally deserving of loving homes,” I said.

            “When the time comes, if the only orphan available for adoption is from one of the old families riddled with Death Eaters, would you take him or her?”

            “Yes, I would. As long as I was confident that I would be able to give the child everything he needed, then absolutely. The main thing that is stopping me right now is time. As a single father, I don’t have the time to commit to another child.”

            “With three, I’m beginning to get that feeling myself. I was fine with four though, when one was older.”

            “How’s your wife with the children?” I asked curiously, shifting the conversation to one of the things I’d been wondering about. The dynamic between Draco and his wife was just so foreign to me. With the way he loved his children so fiercely, I couldn’t imagine he would marry someone who wasn’t the same way. But then I couldn’t imagine a mother like that living in another country and only seeing her children once a week.

            “She’s incredibly devoted to them and their happiness.”

            “Yeah? That’s great.”

            “Yes, well she can be absentminded and caught up in her work—she’s really quite busy most of the time—but she means well. When she has them, she does her best to make them her top priority and show them how much she loves them, which is really all I can ask,” he replied.

            That made me smile. “So the perfect mother then?”

            “Not hardly. She means well, but she’s no super-mother,” he said.

            “How do you mean?”

            “When Equuleus was born, she had trouble handling all three at the same time. She had to have help for the first year, but now it’s getting better.”

            “She doesn’t have anyone living with her?” I asked.

            “She does. She’s been dating someone for three years now. Levin; the children call him Dad too. He helps her some, but he doesn’t have children and Equuleus was probably his first real experience with a baby. Camella’s mother normally goes over there on Sundays to lend a hand, but she’s a lot older than my mother and not nearly as useful. I offered to help more, but she only rarely takes me up on the offer; she thinks I need the one day a week to myself to be with grownups. Mostly she had her family and friends take turns coming over.”

            “That’s good. I’m glad it’s working out,” I said.

            “It is, mostly because Camella is very discrete. Thank you for keeping everything to yourself, by the way,” Draco said, returning to our earlier topic. “I was really worried the fight would be all over the papers, but when there was nothing, I knew I had you to thank. You know, for casting the privacy spells too, not just keeping your mouth shut. I want to make sure that you know how much I need this all to stay private. If you slipped later and told someone who blabbed and I didn’t warn you first…”

            “Yeah, I know how gossip spreads. Don’t worry, I’m used to keeping secrets.”

            “Good. You know, I’m beginning to think I was wrong about you: you don’t stink,” Draco said with a smirk, referring to the badges he’d made back in fourth year.

            “You don’t smell so bad either,” I replied with a grin. “I don’t think I would’ve believed it if someone had told me back when we were in school, but you’re alright.”

            “Can I get that in writing?”

            “Sure. Hey, a group of us are going out to the pub