. Annie briefly wondered why before she saw the spreading patch of wet darkness beneath his uniform jacket. 

Marco fell to his knees and hit the ground with a broken groan. Reiner Braun stood behind him, his blade slick with blood that would not simply evaporate into a cloud of steam. Berthholdt came only moments after, landing just in time to witness the one of his best friends running a fellow comrade-in-arms clean through. Annie looked down at the fallen young soldier as he lay trembling on the stony ground, fighting desperately for the few moments he had left. Terror, sadness and betrayal swam in the tears that filmed Marco's eyes, warring for dominance as warmth left him. 

Annie tore her gaze away from his as Marco Bodt died in a dirty, abandoned alleyway, frightened and alone, but not without company. 

When she found she was able to, Annie stood. The three friends regarded each other with the same wild-eyed, cornered look as the weight of what they had done loomed oppressively over them. For what seemed like a long time, none of them spoke. The only noise that stretched between them was their own shaking, desperate gasps--Berthholdt's breaths sounded more like sobs than anything--and the un-ending din that came with the despair of fighting a losing battle. It was Reiner who spoke first. 

"He saw you." He grimly supplied an answer to the question no one dared to ask, pointedly refusing to look at the rumpled heap that lay between them. Annie swallowed thickly, suddenly feeling as if she was breathing through a straw. Friendship was not something that came easily to Annie, nor was it something she particularly desired. She had never felt close to Marco, but Reiner…he had been a kind-hearted, brotherly figure to all the trainees. Surely, Marco was no exception.

"He thought of you as a friend." She said quietly, unable to muster her usual apathy. 

"He saw you, Annie!" Reiner spat fiercely through clenched teeth. 

"You killed him." 

"Stop it." The murmured plea had come from Bertholdt. The tallest boy clutched his dark head, eyes screwed shut and teeth bared as he stood cringing like a dying animal. Somewhere off in the distance, someone wailed. Bertholdt's eyes shut tighter in a vain attempt to block everything out. Death was all around them. 

"I did what I had to!" The blonde male insisted, voice raised and fists clenched. It was at that moment that Annie fully realized what she suspected all along; Reiner had become so wrapped up in being a human soldier, he had forgotten his duty as a warrior until he was forced to take ruthless action. 

"Stop it, you two!" Bertholdt's voice cut like a knife, cracking pitifully and thick with unshed tears. Annie released the breath she hadn't been aware she was holding in a disentangling sigh. She felt like she had been swallowing stones. Feeling older than she ought to, she cast another look down at the body and wished for all the world that she could forget. 

"Bertl's right." For the first time, the pet name sounded foreign in her own mouth. "We need to do something about this. People are going to see the the wound and think--" 

"No. What they're going to see is that Marco Bodt was killed by a Titan in the line of duty. What they're going to think is he died a hero." The muscles in Reiner's throat and jaw worked as he spoke, looking down for the first time at his comrade. "We owe him that much."

It had been so easy to conceal what they had done that Annie almost found it unnerving. The new wounds they had created hid any evidence that Marco had even been stabbed. Reiner had wanted to at least close his eye, but Annie feared that might seem suspicious. Panic won out over remorse. The only thing she worried about now was whether or not they would notice that Marco was without his 3DM Gear when his body was discovered. Annie had suggested they scavenge it as it might come in handy for something else they were planning. Reiner made the offhand comment that Annie was level-headed and calculating as always, even in crisis. Whether it was meant as a joke, a barb or a compliment was unclear, but the look on Reiner's face when he said it suggested that his nerve was not as iron-clad as he pretended it to be. Every suit of armor had its weak points, after all. She was no exception.

Deep inside that visceral part of her where her heart was hidden, Annie had hoped that Jean wouldn't be the one to find Marco's body. Perhaps she had hoped for too much.

"I'm so sorry." She had breathed, not quite sure if she was apologizing to Marco or Jean, but meaning it either way. When Reiner had told her that apologies wouldn't fix things and they should just lay the fallen to rest, she knew he had been right. What they