, Harry got off the motorcycle and secured the helmet on Louis' head before helping him up on the motorcycle. When he was sure that his husband was comfortable he sat back in his position and started the motorcycle.

" Hold on tight." His voice came out guarded. Harry was aware that Louis was still mad at him for obvious reasons but he didn't want his husband to get hurt due to the differences between them. The curly haired lad felt his heart burst out in happiness when he sensed the familiar thin arms embrace him, tightening around his waist.

You see Harry didn't want to hurt Louis, no that wasn't his intention. In fact, he wanted to make him happy in every way he could. He wanted to give him the life he deserved. But Harry was helpless. He was indebted to his family in more ways than he could account for and so he wasn't exactly in the position to stand up against them. Sharon had supported him when he had nothing, she had given him a roof to sleep under and career to work on. Basically, Sharon had given him life and she never forgot to remind him that. Harry knew what they did to Louis was inexcusable and nobody should have to go through that. They were mentally torturing him and he was slowly losing himself to them. Harry wasn't any good himself. He had always been a man of short temper and so he didn't do well in situations where he was being cornered by every side and so he did what he had to do to keep his sanity intact. He ran away. Everytime things took a bad turn Harry would avoid the situation completely, locking himself in his office for days so that he wouldn't have to face the aftermath of the events. He just didn't have the willpower to get stuck between the mess of Sharon's outrageous behaviour and accusations and Louis' innocent mistakes. Anyone could see who was wrong in the situation but when you live in someone's house you don't exactly have the power to shut them up.

" Woo Woo, Daddy?" Harry smiled at his son's gestures, getting a stronger grip on his the handles.

" Wolverine wants me to go faster?" Zayn nodded, his eyes shining with excitement. The toddler loved the way it felt when the air stroke his face.

" No. We don't need to go any faster." Louis exclaimed hurriedly. Harry smiled as an idea struck him. The curly haired lad watched as his son slumped in his position, some of the excitement dissipating off of him.

" You know Wolverine, we shouldn't go fast like this," Harry said before increasing his speed and rushing through traffic. An involuntary smile crept its way up onto his lips, as he heard Zayn laughing wholeheartedly and Louis screaming for him to slow down, worry evident in his voice.

Soon they stood outside their destination, their breathing fast and their hearts loud in their ears. Harry stopped the bike and chuckled as Louis jumped off the bike in one swift motion.

" How many times do I have to tell you not to do that?!" Louis said while rubbing his chest trying to slow down his pounding heart. Harry took off his helmet and helped Zayn down before getting off and taking his son' helmet off.

" What?" He chuckled as Louis shook his head at his antics.

The cerulean eyed lad struggled with the helmet for a few seconds before finally taking it off. Harry secured the bike and started walking towards the entrance of the park, with Zayn on his hip and Louis right beside him.

It was a pleasant day and that was the exact reason why Harry had decided to take his family to the park. The thirty-one-year-old had planned it carefully getting a few of his friends to set up a picnic that would be suitable for both the lovers and their baby. Excitedly, he led them to the tree that he had chosen himself.

" So what do you think?" Harry looked at his family expectantly, the grin on his face permanent. Louis looked at the basket full of chocolates and the bucket of fried chicken on the blanket before diverting his gaze towards his husband and flashing him a genuine smile. If anyone knew how to make it up to him, it was Harry. His husband had used all of his guilty pleasures and even if Louis tried he couldn't stay mad at him any longer. " Sit down. " Harry sat down himself before patting the place beside him. Louis rubbed his hands at his knees before placing himself beside his lover. Quickly, Harry made him a plate and gave it to Louis, his green eyes glowing in happiness.

" Wolverine come here sit down with Daddy." Harry pulled Zayn into his lap and fed him from his own plate. Louis smiled fondly as he witnessed his husband breaking the food into smaller pieces and blowing on it before putting it in the raven haired toddlers mouth. " Is it good? Do you like it Kit?" Harry shuffled his hair as Zayn only nodded, eating away at his food wordlessly.