on in case I am needed before I return.”

Turning on his heels he made his way to the ‘M’ barracks, ignoring the suspicious feelings he picked up off of Mitaka during their conversation.

It’s no one’s business who I inquire about, he told himself as he navigated the unfamiliar hallways, finally stopping at room 881m.

He took a minute to prepare his appearance before knocking, struggling futilely against the humidity that had been his aesthetic undoing. If any of his subordinates had caught him in that hallway – nervously licking his palms to dampen his hair enough to keep it all in place – he’s certain he would have died of embarrassment.

After his best efforts he straightened himself and gently knocked at the door twice.

From behind the door he heard her muffled coughing. “Who is it?”

“General Hux,” he answered, thankful that his voice hadn’t cracked.

Silence.

Humiliated at her lack of response, he turned to leave as the door in front of him whooshed open. Captain Phasma was sitting on her bed, still clothed in the medical outfit she had been given after being cleared for release. Her face was slightly bruised at her jaw and her short blonde hair hung limply around her face. This was the first time Hux had seen her completely out of her armor and he found himself speechless.

She was… gorgeous.

What was this woman – this towering goddess – doing as a glorified Stormtrooper? Hux felt his breath hitch as his eyes poured over every inch of her, not wanting to stare but unable to help himself as he admired her soft white skin and steely blue eyes. His mouth had fallen open and he was painfully aware of it, suddenly struck dumb in her presence. He’d seen her without her helmet once, briefly, as he observed a sparring session many years earlier, though his recent adoration had grown more out of the sound of her voice and her firm hand with her squadrons.

Hux was so taken with her beauty – with the completeness of this woman he had pined after for years –  he felt music in his bones and the poetry of stars in his chest. Confident that any minute now the heavens themselves would part and they’d ascend together into eternity.

From the other side of the room she moved to cover herself, thinking his gaze was cast in negative judgment about her looks or out of uniform appearance. “Sir?”

Her voice jolted him out of his stupor. “I – apologize. For the intrusion. Miss– I mean, Captain. I just, I… Starkiller. It blew up.”


Nailed it, Hux. Perfect.


The General felt inarticulate for the first time in his life as she looked up at him in confusion.

“Yes, sir. I’m aware of that. It’s why we’re here now. Is there something you needed my assistance with?”

He blinked down at her, slowly, knowing he looked idiotic but not caring at all. He took a deep breath.

“Yes, Captain. Actually, what I was trying to say was: in the chaos and destruction of Starkiller base, I found myself worried for your safety in particular, and was hoping you had survived the attack unscathed.” He tried to hide the way his knees wobbled from how nervous she made him.

“Sir, all of my injuries were sustained from a trash compactor incident prior to the annihilation of the planet. I’d rather not talk about it but if you require details I’d be happy to forward you the report from medical.” She paused. “Though, I… appreciate your concern.”

Hux controlled his slack jaw long enough to smile at her, her appreciation all the strength he needed to continue.

“Well. Good. This brings me to my next point.” He took another deep, deep breath. “I have… admired you and your tactics for quite some time, Captain. You are exemplary in your role and frankly, you are a sight better than most of the other Generals on this base. I’m only ashamed that it took the threat of very real death to bring me before you today. Ignoring our ranks for one moment, I was wondering if you… if you would…” Hux straightened himself again, frustrated at his own inability to ask a woman on a date. “I was wondering if you would be interested in perhaps getting a meal with me at some point. After shifts. To eat. In casual attire. A date. I was wondering if you would be interested in going on a date with me, Captain Phasma.”

All of the air seemed to leave the room as he studied her response, watching her eyes as she thought it over in front of him. After what seemed like an eternity she turned to him with the most amazing smile he had seen in a thousand systems.

“Yes. I think I would enjoy that.”

Hux felt his entire soul leap out of his body at her answer, his lips twisting into a grin that stretched the length of his face. Feeling confident, he walked up to her and took her uninjured hand