he felt but from where it came he didn’t know.

He had passed the entrance to where they had placed her the night before, but he couldn’t bring himself to even look at the doors as he passed, the weight of the numbness bearing down on him even more. He walked through the dining room and into the kitchen only to find Draco at the counter making himself a sandwich, the oddness of it not even registering.  The Slytherin had looked up at him when he had entered but since he hadn’t said anything since his entrance, Draco had simply told him that his father had yet to come out of his room. Without a word, he turned around and left the kitchen, not noticing Draco’s slight frown as he left.

It seemed to take forever to make it to the room but all hesitation that he had had the night before had left him as he walked in without knocking, stopping only when he saw the motionless body in the bed.  As he shut the door, the gray dead eyes met his and without a word Lucius pulled back the covers of the bed and he had stripped to nothing before climbing in, the covers laying back over him, his forehead against Lucius’, neither one moving, neither one able to care or feel.

He had stayed like that with Lucius for the next three days, neither caring about showering, eating or even moving for that matter unless it was to relieve their bladder, always returning to the same place in the bed.  It was in the middle of the night going into the fourth day that he came out of his haze as Lucius’ shoved violently inside of him.  There was an urgency and a rawness as Lucius’ fucked him, as if trying to pass off his pain and he welcomed it because it was painful but it broke away the numbness that had overcome him and he knew that Lucius needed to pass the pain to someone, to share it and he was willing to bear that.

Draco seemed shocked as he and Lucius came down for lunch that afternoon but didn’t speak his thoughts, giving only a smirk as Lucius commented how bland the food was and that he expected better that evening when he took his place back in the kitchen. But he didn’t mind because there was life back in those eyes and he could admit that that was what mattered to him at the moment.

That evening at sunset a service had been held for Narcissa Malfoy and as he walked out to the center of her garden he knew the house elves had outdone themselves.  A giant Dove statue, as it was her favorite bird, had been erected with the Malfoy crest below it, her name and then a script.  No speech was given, as she did hate speeches; Lucius simply read what the house elves had etched on her monument.

 

A whisper, a caressA touch that would always lastA wife, mother and loverA memory that will never passWe will always rememberas we will never be able to forget

He didn’t know what compelled him as he stood behind Lucius with Draco next to his father, but without thought he reached forward slightly wrapping his left hand in the older man’s left hand.  

In a way, he should have been surprised when his hand was gripped tightly and the older man seemed to lean slightly against the front of his chest but then that required thought and his mind still was not allowing that fully at the moment.

After that day, he and Lucius started to fall back in their routine as Draco had returned to Hogwarts a few days after but an emptiness could still be felt in the Manor; looking into Lucius' eyes he knew the blonde felt it too. It was week after, as he sat with Lucius' in the dinning room eating lunch that he realized how wrong it felt. He didn't sit here for lunch, he had always sat in the garden with her so without a word to Lucius he stood up abruptly, picked up his plate and walked to the garden doors. He had to pause and take a deep breath as he pushed the doors open and walked into her garden and took his usual place at their table. He didn't eat though, he had lost his appetite as he stared at her monument and loss filled him again. He only became aware that Lucius had followed him when the man set his plate on the table as well, sitting down across from. Still, he couldn't bring himself to look at him until he felt the older man's hand cover his on the table. Pulling his thoughts back to himself he looked at the man across from.

In a way, he probably should have apologized for his abrupt departure from the dining room as it had been rude but he knew for once it was not needed for the man knew how much he needed this because he needed it too. From then on the two would always take their meals there, slowly letting themselves heal as they were surrounded by something that was completely hers.

Months had passed before he started noticing that something was wrong. Lucius was gone more often from the Manor and when he came back it was obvious