mind. I don’t wanna know.” It took a few moments for me to remember why the two of us were here in the first place, and my gaze quickly fell on the metal plate on Hunk’s wrist. Following my eyes, color returned to his face and he quickly held up his right hand, left one pointing at his wrist.


  


”Dude”, he said and grinned.

”Dude”, I said and stared. I took a step closer, bending towards his wrist to see the countdown. It said, 13d 18h 2m 45s. ”Dude!” I said again, this time I moved to look at Hunk. ”It’s so soon!”

Hunk looked to either wanting to grin and punch the air and whoop loudly, or wanting to throw up again. Preferably not at the same time. Preferred by me, at least.

”How does it feel?” I asked as we walked out of the clinic.

”Like being vaccinated for the flu, I guess”, he said, his hand still raised in front of him but this time his wrist was turned inward and his gaze was locked on the metal piece there. ”She’s less than two weeks away”, he said.

”Yeah, dude”, I said, rolling my eyes. ”I guess all you can do is wait it out. It’s not like you can affect the Timer or something.” After a few seconds ticked by, I grinned and shouldered him lightly, saying, ”See it from the bright side.”

Hunk narrowed his eyes at me for a while, frowning. ”Lance, it’s 13 days! I’m too nervous to be optimistic.”

My grin widened. ”At least it doesn’t say 13 years!”

”True”, Hunk agreed. ”Thank God, it doesn’t say that. I wouldn’t be able to take that. I mean, years, dude! That’s like torture!”

I nodded in agreement. ”Yeah”, I said. ”And you’re ’one’ was probably fucking starstruck the moment her Timer actually started working.” I chuckled, shaking my head in amusement. Hunk shoved me away, grinning.

”Yeah.”

”Oh my God!” I said, staring at Hunk’s face.

”What?”

”You haven’t even met the girl and you’re already pining hard for her”, I exclaimed. ”It’s like you have the biggest crush on her.”

”I think I do, actually”, Hunk said.

I laughed and Hunk shoved me again, making me laugh harder. ”I’m sorry, man”, I said. ”But that is so cute!”

Hunk grinned, his face beet red. ”Yeah”, he agreed.

”Oh my God, I can’t wait until I meet her and then I’m gonna tease the crap out of the two of you and your lovey dovey antics and at you’re wedding, I’m gonna tell everyone about this moment. The moment Hunk got a Timer and fell in love.”

Hunk laughed. ”I can’t wait”, he said.

”I suppose your mom is waiting impatiently at home as we speak, waiting to see the digits on your Timer.”

”Yeah, and dad has probably cooked my favorite steak to celebrate”, Hunk said, practically sighing in longing as he did. 

”By the way”, I began. ”What was that gift your mom got you?” I aksed. Hunk turned and frowned at me. ”Remember you went and ditched me yesterday during our Harry Potter marathon because she got you something.”

”Oh, right!” Hunk exclaimed. ”Remember that convention I told you about?”

”The robot one?”

”That’s the one”, Hunk said and grinned.

”So… what’s with it?”

”She kinda got me tickets”, he announced happily. And then after a few seconds of pause, he added, ”Two tickets, actually.”

”Two?” I frowned before realization dawned on me. ”Ah! In case you met your ’one’ before it.”

Hunk scratched his neck and said, ”Yeah. But, to be honest, it would be really awesome to go there with my best pal.”

For a moment I felt like a replacement, which was really fucking stupid of me because Hunk is the best friend a guy could have and I’ve known him for the biggest part of my life. Deep inside of me, I knew that he didn’t see me as a replacement of any kind but I don’t know… I hated when I got all selfconscious and stuff, I never felt like it suited me but I guess, or rather hoped, that other people felt like they were slaves to their thoughts, too, and that I wasn’t alone.

”Sounds awesome, buddy!” I grinned at him and he grinned back at me. Hadn’t he been so high on anticipation, both from the Timer and the convention, maybe he would’ve noticed that my smile didn’t reach