elf attempted to be, Erestor had a definite weakness for newborn elflings. "You may remember young Haldir from your last visit, but the newer looking model is named Orophin." 

Erestor ignored Glorfindel's attempt at a joke and approached the pair of elflings, crouching down when he reached them. "Mae govannen, penneth. Do you remember me?" 

Haldir studied the dark elf with caution, tightening his hold on his little brother. "You are Master Erestor. You told me about Glorfindel's horse." 

"Yes, that I did. You have a good memory, to recall my name after only one meeting," nodded Erestor. The advisor believed that elflings should be spoken to as if they were grown, using full sentences and without simplification, for how were they to learn if new words were not presented to them? "I see you have a brother now." 

Nodding, Haldir wrapped the blanket that was around Orophin closer, and the elfling fidgeted. “He is my brother and his name is Orophin. I named him.” 

“It is a very nice name, penneth.” Erestor paused. “I do not suppose you might allow me to hold him, would you?” 

The little elf’s face squished into a frown and a pout at the same time, and he looked up to Glorfindel for guidance. His teacher gave him a little nod, but Haldir did not yet relinquish tiny Orophin. 

“You will have to promise to give him back,” Haldir told him. “He is the only brother I have.” 

“You have my word,” promised Erestor solemnly. 

“And if he begins to cry, you shall have to give him back to me immediately,” explained Haldir, tucking the blanket around Orophin’s wriggling body. “Even Nana can not make him cease his crying, but I am able to.” 

“I shall.” 

“And if he suddenly looks hungry, I will have to take him to be fed.” Haldir thought for a moment, with his nose scrunched and a look of deep concern on his face. “Although, if he suddenly smells awful, I think I can trust you to do what is necessary.” 

Erestor kept his lips sealed tightly so that he did not burst out laughing. He merely nodded and smiled as he held his arms out for the child. 

“You have held one of these before, have you not?” asked Haldir, pulling back just as he had been about to place Orophin into Erestor’s arms. 

“Yes, of course I have!” countered Erestor in a louder voice than he had intended. He lowered it slightly and added, “Many times.” 

“How many children do you have?” questioned Haldir suddenly. 

Erestor looked down longingly, but his gaze was on Haldir, and not Orophin.  “Well, I-“ 

“Siblings?” 

“I do not have any siblings, but-“ 

"Have you ever served as a governess, midwife, or wet nurse?"

"Heavens, no!"  Erestor began to question his decision to speak to children as equals.  "I promise I shall be very gentle with him, and furthermore, I shall stay right here where you can see me.  And him.  Right here."  Glorfindel looked as if he would burst.

"You seem awfully eager to hold him."  Haldir cuddled Orophin protectively and shook his head. “I am afraid that you are not qualified for this task.” 

Erestor, still crouched down with his arms outstretched before him, blinked. “Fin, did he just say I could not hold the baby?” he asked, not moving from his spot. 

“That is precisely what he just said,” answered Glorfindel mirthfully. 

Erestor lowered his arms with a sigh and looked up at Glorfindel. “Well, he certainly does not have a lack of words to worry about.” 

“Haldir,” Glorfindel attained the attention of the young elf, and stooped down beside Erestor. “Haldir, you can trust Erestor. I assure you, he will not run off into the night with Orophin or eat him or anything.” This did not have the desired effect; in fact, Haldir pressed himself back in his chair, eyeing up Erestor even more suspiciously. Erestor shot Glorfindel a warning look and lowered himself to the ground so that he was sitting with his arms around his knees, legs bent before him. He was now slightly below Haldir’s eye level, and although this caused the advisor to have to look up, it also meant Haldir needed to scoot forward a bit to properly see the older elf. 

“I promise that I will not remove myself from your sight while I hold your brother, if you would still permit me. In fact, I shall stay right here on the floor, if you like,” offered Erestor. 

Haldir still did not look convinced. “But he might fall when I pass him to you.” 

“I very much doubt that, penneth,” Erestor reassured. “My hands will be quite steady, and even so, it is a short distance to the floor.” 

“He could still fall.” 

“Yes,” Erestor said carefully. “Yes, he could. But, penneth