"I'm glad that this year the competition is going to us so well." Kazuya said, breaking the silence, which started making unbearable. "Furuya is a great pitcher with great potential. Obviously he lacks a bit of stamina and ball control. But still I think it's the best first-year as may join us. Thanks to him we will win many more matches."

Kuramochi rolled his eyes and stuck his nose in his manga he was reading. He wanted his buddy finally shut up, but it seemed that he had no such intention.

"Kuramochi, and what do you think about Furuya? He's good, isn't he" Asked catcher with a stupid smile on his face.

"What do I think?" Asked the boy grimaced a little and crossed his arms over his chest. "I think you should stop talking so much about this guy."

Kazuya looked surprised, but after a moment his face appeared delicate smile. He got up from the bed, and went to Youichi. He leaned forward to look at his face. It was like he thought. The boy blushed strongly.

"Kuramochi, you're not jealous, are you?" Kazuya asked teasingly, putting his hands on Kuramochi's shoulders.

"Are you stupid or what?" Youichi got up from the desk at which he sat and turned to Kazuya. He looked angrily at his eyes, but his red cheeks completely betrayed him.

"Furuya doesn't have a chance with me. With nothing." He said a proud and confident voice.

Kazuya smiled slyly and slowly ran his hand from the neck to the waist of his friend.

"You're right Youichi." Miyuki said the name of the boy to which he blushed even more and froze, feels that the catcher's hands slide under his shirt. They were very warm and nice. "You're right. Furuya can match you with nothing, and definitely not in this ..." Kazuya leaned forward and kissed Kuramochi. To response he doesn't have to wait long, because the boy gave him a kiss back on the greedy way. Miyuki pushed his friend on a desk so that he had to sit on it. Youichi moved hands on Kazuya's hips and pulled him on himself. Their kiss was now very romantic. Kuramochi couldn't believe what was happening. He and Miyuki always been close with each other, but he thought that the catcher simply more likes Furuya. But it seemed that he was very wrong.

Kazuya reluctantly ended the kiss and smiled gently touching Kuramochi's nose with his own. For a moment they looked into each others eyes in silence, until finally Youichi looked away first, and he laughed with embarrassment.

"What was it ... Kazuya?" He asked, clenching his fists. He felt his stomach rolls over to the other side, because Miyuki shamelessly put the knee between his legs.

"Don't tell me that you don't want it." Catcher licked his neck toward the ear, which he kissed lightly and whispered. "Because I really want to."

"I want to. I want you Kazuya." Admitted Kuramochi, and this time he kissed a friend. He grabbed him by the hips and getting up from the desk started to go with him towards the bed, which after a while they both fell.

"Youichi ..." Miyuki whispered. "Never be jealous again. Of anyone."

"I promise." Kuramochi answered and closed his lips with another kiss.