with dread as he realised with horror what he had said. Engaging with the paps was always a bad idea. Showing up to Chris’s house early in the morning, carrying coffee and using ambiguous emotional phrases like “what we are to each other” was surely going to make Chris’s situation several hundred times worse. But he had been so furious, so desperate to protect Chris, that he hadn’t even thought about what he was saying. This was more than just annoyance at the invasion of his friend’s privacy. He had never really had any sense of restraint when defending Chris was concerned. It was just…he knew how much things like this hurt Chris, and if there was one thing Zach knew he couldn’t bear to see, it was Chris being hurt. He had spoken from the heart, so unlike his usual carefully considered remarks to the press, and he was just starting to realise the implications of what his heart had said.

Zach stood outside, shaking with adrenaline, clutching two cups of slightly cooling coffee and trying to work out exactly how long he had been in love with his best friend without even knowing it. He knew he had to go in and face him, but the knowledge that he might just have created more trouble for him made it very difficult. In the end, he took a deep breath, punched the access code into Chris’s gate, and trudged up the driveway.

It took Chris a long time to open the door. Zach suspected he was making sure it was really him, which made another stab of guilt twist through his guts. He tried not to imagine the furious typing that would be going on across the city’s newsrooms at that very moment. When Chris did open the door, Zach could see he had definitely been crying. They just looked at each other for a while, not saying anything, until Zach pushed forward on of the cups in his hand.

“I brought you some coffee.”

Chris gave him a look of adoration.

“Thank you. And thank you for coming.” He ushered Zach quickly inside, closing the door firmly behind him.

“Did you see anyone on your way in?” he asked, moving through to the kitchen. Zach set down his coffee and the bag of muffins, and Chris rummaged through the bag, proclaiming “Blueberry! Awesome!” when he noticed the flavour. It was a slightly more subdued reaction than Zach was used to, but he considered that in the circumstances he couldn’t really say expect more.

“Um, yeah, Chris, about that…” He found he couldn’t look up, so he stared deliberately down at the counter as he continued, “I…may have screwed things up.”

“What? How?”

“There kind of were some people at the gate when I came in.”

“But you got past them, right?”

“Yes. I got past them. But…I kind of did that by yelling at them.”

“You did what?” Zach forced himself to make eye contact with Chris, whose face wore an odd expression Zach couldn’t read.

“I yelled at them. A lot. And…I may have implied that there’s something going on between us. Completely unintentionally.”

“What?!”

“I know! I’m sorry! It was an accident! I was just so angry, and I wanted to protect you, and they wouldn’t shut up asking stupid questions about us, and I spoke without thinking. All I wanted them to do was stop, and…they did.”

“You yelled at the paps and you made them go away?”

Chris seemed to be stuck on the unimportant part of the story.

“Yes, Chris, but I also said some really stupid shit to them, and I’ve probably made everything worse, and I’m so, so sorry…”

“Zach. You came here – without even styling your hair, I notice, which you never fail to do even when you’re running late – and brought me my favourite coffee and muffins and yelled at a bunch of photographers to leave me alone. You’re, like, my knight in shining armour, trying to defend my virtue.”

“But aren’t you mad at me? The internet is probably fizzing with rumours about us as it is! I basically just handed them a golden ticket to a week’s worth of stories.” Not to mention the tiny, inconvenient, insignificant fact that I’m apparently head-over-heels for you.

“Zach. You’re here. I don’t care about anything else right now.” And Chris set down his coffee, crossed the kitchen, and swept Zach into a grateful hug.

They stood hugging for a long time, well past the acceptable limits of a friendly hug and very obviously heading far into embrace territory. Still Chris did not let go, and Zach couldn’t bring himself to, not with the newfound knowledge of his feelings for Chris still destabilising him. Just let me have this, he thought. Even if