. In the meantime, I want your mouth to stay closed. Or I’ll make sure you lose enough teeth to be unable to talk, am I clear?”

“Yessir!” They answered in unison.

 

A dozen of steps later, Levi felt the change in the atmosphere—the temperature decreased slightly and the air smelled like damp earth—, characteristic of the Underground.

“We’re almost there,” he said without looking at the other two males, “Don’t let anyone see your face," he adjusted his own hood so that it shadowed his eyes, “and don’t talk. Walk next to me, don’t look up from the ground. If you need to look at your sides for whatever reason, move your eyes instead of your head. And, of course, don’t call me sir or Captain. From now on, I’m not your superior and you’re not my subordinates. Keep that in mind.”


   


***


   


They heard it before reaching the end of the stairs: the faint noise of the drops of water splashing against the poorly paved streets. They fell at random intervals from the stalactites that were above their heads. Eren wanted to see what they looked like, but knew better than to disobey Levi’s orders. The titan-shifter had not expected it to be so quiet. Not silent—there was the occasional noise—but surprisingly peaceful. If he was being honest to himself, he had anticipated more… violence? Some sort of street fight? The teal-eyed soldier shrugged inwardly. Maybe it was just because the lack of activity and, therefore, of sounds.

It was that absence of noise that Levi could say he had missed. Then, the stench of decay and urine, constants in that place hit him and he remembered why he didn't hesitate to make a deal with Lobov—foolishly believing that the man would do as promised: it was not that the place stunk; it was the very air.   

The smell came out of his clothes—even though there was no need for him to wear them anymore—after washing them thoroughly with tons of soap and water several times. Actual clean, transparent water. However, it took almost a month of scrubbing his skin raw at the shower for it to disappear of his body.

That month was the most painful; his friends, his family. The people he trusted, gone. Levi had never felt so alone among so many people.

He was at his worst; disheveled hair, wrinkled clothes—not dirty, though—and with dark bags under his eyes, red from shedding tears he ran out of long ago.

Right then Levi was useless as a soldier; he was beyond tired due to spending most nights awake, and whenever he did fall asleep, the nightmares would not let him sleep for longer than one or two hours before waking up to a night full of regret and memories, then slowly sobbing himelf to a long-awaited, dreamless sleep.

Levi shook his head, willing himself out of that train of thoughts, and looked to the two soldiers—No. They aren't soldiers now, just brats. And I'm just a shitty thug who pretends to be the hero, even if he's no more than a fucking coward hiding behind a cracked mask. Upon seeing his faces he decided, with a sigh, to rest by the end of the tunnel for a little bit, where the air was fresher than in the rest of the city: Eren’s tan skin had paled a little, while Jean looked outright sick.

Fuck no. Don’t you dare, Kirstein. Levi waited for the color to return to their faces before heading to the gate.

As they neared the cubic building, the obnoxiously loud voices of the guards disrupted that strangely soothing silence.

Levi did not pay them attention and the trio was halfway through the also cubic opening that was the actual gate only to have a human mountain of a guard blocking their path.

The dark-haired male did not speak, and Jean and Eren chose wisely to do the same.

A small, wooden panel on the wall slided to the side, revealing a man—in whose description there was no room for the word ‘clean’ or any of its synonyms—at the other side.

“Eh,” he said with bored disdain. “Where d’ya think y’are goin’?" It was obvious that he was drunk, his words coming out slurred. As the man spoke, the stink of alcohol in his breath had Eren gagging. He looked away and took deep breaths. It was bad enough with the permanent smell of piss and rotten… something. Eren did not want to know.

Levi was just standing there, silent and immobile. Jean and Eren started to feel nervous under the intimidating stare of the guard. If he wanted, he could crush them like insects. Reassuring, indeed.

The drunk man snickered. “Hey, you. The mig- mish- midget," he smiled stupidly, probably satisfied at having being able to say it, “Did ya think