Getting a grip on Mikey's arm, he escorted him to the door.  "Ba-bye, Mikey." he said as he slid the door shut.

"Wait, what about J.R.?"  Mikey shouted before the door completely shut.

"Don't worry, you'll see her when she's ready,"  Brian shouted back.  He looked back and shook his head when he found that everyone was attacking the food.

Justin came over and ushered him to his dining table.  "Emmett got you a salad."

Cynthia and Ted joined them at the table while Emmett opted to keep the kids company watching the TV.  Cynthia and Ted immediately started in on things that would need to be done, to which Brian listened with one ear, his attention focused on Justin who was watching Dani.

Following Justin's gaze, Brian couldn't  help smiling.  Gus and Jenny were squabbling as only siblings could.  Little Dani was leaning against Emmett's legs, thumb in mouth and eyes wide, and watching Jenny Rebecca as if he'd never seen a girl before.

This brought to mind of how Justin and Dani had been living all these years.  Justin did not like talking about the things he'd had to do to survive and Brian hadn't felt easy about asking what Justin had done to survive not knowing who he was.  As much as Brian wanted to protect Justin and Dani, he didn't know if Justin would let him.

He thought about how his life had changed over the years and how contented he was with his life, especially now that he was reconnecting with Justin.  While his son, Dani, might be considered a nuisance by some, Brian found himself captivated by the young sprout. 

First there were problems.  Mikey for one.  No matter that they'd known each other for over twenty-years.  Michael still seemed to view Brian as almost a super hero, a debouched super hero.  In spite of his marriage to Ben and the lives of his children, J.R. and Hunter, he seemed to feel that he had the right to tell Brian how best to live his life.

Then there were Lindsay and Melanie.  He had no fucking idea what was going on with Lindsay.  As far as Melanie was concerned, he'd thought they'd worked through their animosity years ago.  As long as he continued to support Gus and didn't dictate how they chose to raise him, things had been fine.  But now?  Mel seemed to have gone off the deep end.  He was going to have to find out what was going on from Gus and Jenny.

Then there was Gus.  He loved his son dearly, but he wasn't ready to be a full time dad, to have his personal life curtailed.  Then he remembered the last two weeks and thought to himself, what the fuck? Gus wasn't  proving to be the problem that Brian would have considered him to be.

Jenny Rebecca might cause problems.  She wasn't his responsibility in any way, but if Gus didn't mind having her around who was he to oppose?  She might have come with luggage, but he didn't remember seeing any with her.

"Say, Emmett,"  Brian called out.  "Would you mind picking up a few things, clothing wise, for Jenny?"

"It would be my pleasure,"  Emmett  said gallantly.

Jenny Rebecca  looked surprised as if she didn't think that Brian would do something like that for her, then she smiled a sweet smile that reminded him of Mikey.  "Thank you," she said softly as she wrapped her arms around his neck in a hug.

Brian awkwardly patted her back while Gus, Cynthia, Ted and Emmett looked on with approval.  Justin was watching his son's fingers which were signing.

"What do you mean I look like a girl?"  Justin asked his son.  Dani pointed to Jenny Rebecca and then to his hair which was pulled back in a ponytail.  With a humph, Justin looked around.  "Anyone know a good barber?"


Chapter Nine


Brian was busy trying to decide which board would best serve the current campaign when he was distracted by a shadow in the office door that he caught out of the corner of his eye.

"May I come in?"  was the soft spoken request.

Brian set aside the boards and leaned back in his chair to study the figure in his doorway.  She was small in stature, her hair a strawberry blonde cut shoulder length.  What gave her identity away were the blue eyes, so like her brother's.  He nodded and waved her toward a chair at the front of his desk.

It was the graceful way she moved when she sat down that clinched it.  There was definitely Jennifer Taylor's influence there.

"I don't suppose you remember me, I'm Molly Taylor and I believe you were a friend of my brother?" she stated.  She twisted her fingers.  "I understand you were the one who called the ambulance for my mother.  Nobody will tell me what happened."

Before Brian could think of an