curses and stands, murmuring a quick apology before he sprints away. Jack's arm slips off the bed, colliding with—



*

—the wall, still cold and hard against his back. The Reaper, in the dark coat and white mask, stands beside him, lit up by the sickly red light of his visor.

He doesn't think. He moves, shoving himself away from the wall. The shotgun blast rings in his ears.

He stumbles between the shelves, hand pressed against his bleeding belly while he fires blindly. He needs a better position. Higher ground, maybe. Something out of the Reaper's range. He's seen what that thing does to people.

Soldiers aren't supposed to die like that.

He kicks a shelf over, blocking the Reaper's path, and scales the next. The pain in his side is agonizing, but it's not something he needs to focus on right now. Boxes and papers fall, scattering over the floor. He taps his visor, squeezes the trigger—

Nothing. No signature. Again. He stops, scanning. The wind whistles.

A low chuckle, behind him. How? Doesn't matter. He turns, firing.

And his gun is gone, torn out of his hands. He falls, the Reaper's hands around his—



*

—wrists, pinning him to the mat. Reyes's chest heaves with each breath. Drops of sweat slip off his face, dotting Jack's shirt. His knees are tight against Jack's thighs.

"Yield, Morrison," Reyes says. He squeezes Jack's wrists. "And rest up."

Jack ignores him. After two weeks in bed and another in the infirmary, he needs to do something. The compound is on lockdown until everyone is at full health. No trips into town, no firing range, no combat simulations. There's an old television, a library with a poor selection, and this, which he needs. His reflexes have gone to shit after all that time in bed.

"I yield," Jack lies. He relaxes, letting the fight drain away.

Reyes rolls his eyes and lets go. "Jesus, kid, learn to relax—"

Jack shoves his fingers into Reyes's side. At the surprised yelp, he hooks his leg over Reyes's hip and flips them over. He catches Reyes's hands before he can retaliate. Reyes strains, trying to push back, but Jack holds their hands together in the space between them.

"Stop calling me kid," says Jack. They are mirrored, hands clasped together. "We're the same age."

Reyes's grin is sudden and broad. It makes the bottom of Jack's stomach tilt and disappear.

They stay there, silent and still. Jack can't look away.

"C'mere," Reyes murmurs. He shifts, rolling his hips. "I want you to."

"Oh," says Jack, surprise tightening his voice. He drops Reyes's hands. "Yeah?"

Reyes grabs his ass, digging his fingers in.

"Okay," Jack says, nodding. He leans down, sliding his palm along Reyes's jaw. "Okay, yeah."

It's a good kiss. Reyes's mouth is soft and warm. Day-old stubble rubs against his skin. Hands on his ass, nice and firm, moving him the way Reyes wants. Jack wants it, too. Close. Closer. Another body against—



*

—his, heavy and real, and then it's gone. The Reaper's shadow lingers above him. The mask looks like it's grinning.

He punches into nothing. Dust, for all he knows.

When he tries to stand, the Reaper appears and digs its claws into his visor. He curses, grabbing at its wrist, but this thing is strong. The claws are hooked under the mask, tugging.

He's going to die here, like all the rest. This thing will play with his corpse until there's nothing left.

His visor is gone. He's half-blind without it, and his eyes don't adjust well in the darkness. Defeated, he blinks into the empty sea of black and waits for whatever comes next. This thing likes shotguns. Not something he can dodge, especially on his back. Even if he can get up, there's no point in running blind and bleeding into unfamiliar territory.

The fight's leaving him, leaking out of the hole in his belly. All he can hope for is a good opportunity and, failing that, a quick death.

He's ready, if he has to.

The Reaper grunts. The claws are on his face, poking at his scars. It stops. Hesitates.

He takes that second and swings a leg as he rolls, knocking the Reaper back. A shotgun blasts at the space where his body was, but he's on his feet. Running. Fumbling in the dark for his rifle. There's