.

Over the course of the next night, the Disciple laid in various states of anger and unrest. She moved about the cave, furious and seething. She came to the wall stained with regal blue blood, and ran her fingers across the jagged rocks slowly. She thought about the troll who took her lover’s life, and had spared her own, leaving her with a fate that felt worse than death. He had spared her life as repayment for the one encounter the two had shared in the past; perhaps he thought he was doing something right. Suddenly, one of the rocks cut open the Disciple’s finger. She regarded the green blood slowly oozing out of the open wound with detached annoyance. As if completely autonomous, she raised her finger to the cave wall and began writing over the blue ink.

There was a time when I wanted to do nothing more than what was expected of me, by Alternia and all those higher than myself. I had grown up listening to my grubhood friend preach endlessly about the need for equality and peace. I never quite listened to his words at first; they were dreams of the future. They felt like stories to me – like legends of old. But nevertheless, there we were, a greenblood and a mutant; I was one of the very few that knew of his blood color at that point. We were the perfect example of everything he believed in. He had ideas and hopes about how to achieve his goals. I had a slightly different plan.

I left him behind; I was far too fearful of what might happen to him were the two of us to stay together during my missions. I became a Huntress – hunting not the prey and dangerous creatures roaming the harsher regions of Alternia, but the trolls who defiled the very beliefs I had learned from my friend. There were so many trolls killed in the name of peace. My claws were freshly stained with the blood of the hunt every night before the sun rose, and by evening, it had dried, ready for a new coat. Another kill for righteousness.

It wasn’t until I began retelling myself the stories I had heard so many sweeps ago that I realized what I had been doing was right in theory, but wrong in practice. In order to truly spread the words of the Signless – my friend – I had to do so in his name, by his methods. It was at this time I had received my most important job yet.

His name was Darkleer. He was the Executioner for the high court of Alternia, and a fearsome troll, indeed. His strength was only matched by his disdain for all trolls lower than a certain caste; he despised any and all lowbloods, without exception. And surely he had heard word of Signless’ teachings. It was only a matter of time before something could go horribly wrong… unless I stopped him first.

I crept into his hive in the wee hours of daylight, claws sharpened and ready to strike. With stealth and precision, I made my way over to his recuperacoon, poised to attack. He awoke, his blue eyes staring into my green eyes in momentary panic. I slid my claws to meet his throat as it began to perspire; he choked back a small groan and remained still.

Suddenly, I remembered the stories once more. Stories of young trolls, living together as the Signless and I had, in peace and prosperity. Friendship across the hemospectrum. Kindness reigning over all, rather than the brutality of Alternian royalty. They weren’t just stories, or wishful thinking and hopes. They were premonitions – events destined to come true. Events that the Signless and those close to him were entrusted with bringing about. The future was imminent, unavoidable, and potentially wonderous, should us trolls as a race decide to embrace it.

And so, I withdrew my claws from the blueblood’s quivering throat. His hands immediately shot to his neck, feeling anxiously across the unwounded skin. I stared him directly in the eyes – his were rapidly becoming less fearful and more hostile, while my gaze remained unfaltering. I told him that he was saved out of mercy. Out of peace. Out of love and equality. That he was saved as a favor to himself, as well as an example of what was right. Hastily, he demanded my name; I merely responded that I was the Disciple. No more, no less. And as quickly and quietly as I entered, I absconded, leaving no trail.

It was then that I returned to Signless; while his teachings had always been with me, it took my own journey to find their meaning. And once I had, I realized that my simple life meant more than just hunting for the truth. I was alive to live for Signless’ teachings, and I was alive to live for him, as well.

Our love was greater than any had; no other trolls could compare. He was my idol, my friend, my teacher, and my lover. He was my everything.And one day, Executioner Darkleer stole him away from me.

As Signless died a slow,