writer, between blogging and medical reports, and documentation. Just second nature for him.

By the time he  finished his dinner, and felt ready for that beer, he was still a little unsettled at the thought of someone giving a damn about what he wanted. John, on the other hand, seemed to think it was as normal as them crashing out on the couch to watch TV.

So he settled in beside John, and passed him a beer. John was always mindful about seating, sitting on Seb's seeing side, saving him from having to twist and contort to see him.

"Okay then." John fiddled with a pen and wrote "Seb's stuff" at the top and then "Likes" underneath it. "Let's start with what you know you really like. What was it you were going looking for that you were worried might be a deal breaker?"

"Oh, uh..." Where to start? He slouched down a little in the sofa, and contemplated John. "Just. The pain factor." Which was laughably non descript and had he ever really outlined what he liked to a partner before?

"A broad start." John grinned a little. "This is going to be like getting blood out of a stone isn't it?"

He chuckled a little, and took a sip from his beer bottle. "I've probably been more forthcoming in court-martial proceedings. Uh... Just don't know where to start."

"Okay then, I'll throw out a few suggestions. Bondage. Yes, no, what type if any, tried it, want to try it?" John asked.

"Bondage yes." He grinned, crossing his legs loosely at the ankles. "Not really a fan of ropes any more, and hand cuffs scrape all the wrong way. Leather feels... Secure."

"To a point of immobility?" John said noting down 'leather' and making another column for dislikes and putting in rope and handcuffs. "And gags? blindfolds and all that?"

"I, uh." He turned that over in his head. "I'm not so sure about blindfolds anymore. We'd have to see."

John noted that in the dislike column with a question mark next to it. "So, uh.." John shifted slightly and looked at him. "The pain thing... are we talking clamps?  Um… CBT… electricity?" He looked a little uncomfortable saying it but didn't shy away from it.

He turned a little, tucking one leg partially under himself and nudging his knee against John's thigh. "Yes, yes, yes, as well as a good beating."

"Okay, whips, straps and paddles?" John asked and there was the faintest hint of colour in his cheeks which was either embarrassment or arousal.

It was hard to guess, but he kept smiling as he leaned in closer to John. "Really, just straps. Occasionally, someone's hand. If they're up for it. I've been reliably informed I have a boney ass."

"Uhhuh... And are you into humiliation or...that sort of thing?" John asked as he noted it down.

"No." Never had been, decidedly never would be now. "So, is this a deal-breaker for you, or...? I can't tell if you're hot and bothered, or just bothered."

"Would I be doing this if it was a deal-breaker?" John said, looking directly at him. "Though I have to admit I'm relieved about the humiliation thing. That doesn't turn me on at all."

"Think we've had enough of that." From long long before their filmed torture, from his own father, John from his bloody annoying sister that he still hadn't given up on. "And I'm not really... Into it all the time. Just, once in a while, I think, 'that'd be nice'."

"That I can certainly do," John said. "I mean, we can add to the lists and stuff. What I really, really want to do for you is give you want you most want and need. That turns me on in a big way."

Seb took a swig of his beer, and leaned in to kiss behind John's ear, lingering. "So, is that all we put on your list?"

"It's a big part," John murmured and shivered. "I also like  it rough... think you know that. Like a bit of bondage myself... went out with someone who got off on orgasm control -- that was amazing. Really liked that... otherwise I'm up for trying stuff. Definitely not up for humiliation and breath-play freaks me out because I know how easy it is to go wrong."

"Never really considered orgasm control." He slid a hand slowly along John's side, getting comfortable. "Like the sound of trying that on you."

"Oh god..." John was most definitely turned on by that