him, or, or even kiss him.But he couldn't."Liam, answer me." Harry commands. Liam is still shaking his head, feeling like he might be sick at any moment"Is it cause he's gay? cause fuck you if it is cause of that" Harry demands. Liam is so shocked his head jolts up and he meet's eyes with Harry. Harry and him stay connected for a tense second before Harry blinks, breathing out shakily himself."Oh wow. Li, do you like him too?" Harry asks in a hushed voice. Liam feels like a lump is rising in his throat and he wants to yell yes. He wants to scream from the rooftops that he likes Niall Horan, he likes his laugh and grumpiness in the morning, he likes how his hair never lies flat, how he swears an insane amount when he plays the wrong chord on his guitar. But Niall is perfect, and he deserves someone perfect,Liam is not that because Liam can't even admit that he might be... That he could possibly.. That there's a slim chance he likes... Likes... Not female's."Tell him!" Harry suddenly looks excited. Liam is shaking his head furiously, feeling frightened at the very idea. Harry pulls a face."Why? Cause that makes you gay too?" Harry asks, with a raise of his eyebrows. Sometimes Liam swears Harry can read his mind, maybe it's the power of his curls."Well it doesn't. It could make you a whole heap of things, bi, pansexual. Labels don't matter Li. Who are you scared will judge you?"

--

Liam lies awake for the majority of that night, tossing in his uncomfortable, creaky little bed as he thinks of what Harry said. Harry fell asleep less then ten minutes after that, when Liam rolled to face the dirty, cracked ceiling and Harry knew the discussion had ended. Liam's thoughts raced around his head, making him feel dizzy and squeeze his eyes shut or he'd have the overhwhelming urge to throw up again.What Liam didn't know was that Niall was in the same state of mind.

**Zayn had fallen asleep on top of Niall after uselessly trying and failing at cheering the younger boy up. Niall usually was the one who bounced back easily, who was carefree and didn't let stuff get to him. But when it came in the form of Liam James Payne it was something else completely."He's be stupid to think of you as a little kid" Zayn's words floated around in Niall's head, along with all the negative thoughts about how ugly and stupid he was. Niall sighed and tried to push Zayn off him, deciding that he definitely would not be able to sleep tonight. Zayn grumbled inhis sleep but fell right back into a dark slumber, luckily for Niall, Zayn was a very deep sleeper. Niall tucked Zayn back into his bed, even squeezing his stuffed giraffe into Zayn's arms so Zayn wouldn't realise Niall wasn't there anymore and wake up. Niall trodded over to the other side of the room, leaning on the wall and sighing softly. He caught a glint of something shining on his bedside table and furrowed his brow, hoping to god it wasn't alien's or anything. Niall breathed out a sigh of relief when he realised it was just the case for Zayn's phone. It was then that an idea struck Niall and he simply gaped at Zayn's phone for a good minute before waltzing over to snatch it up and before he could psych himself out he texted quickly to Liam, before freezing and erasing the message and trying to make it seem more Zayn like.The dark nite winds will nt allow me to sleep, walk? Aha :) x".Feeling happy with it Niall clicks send.It takes a second for the realisation of what he's just done sink in and he's holding the phone out as if it's grown tentacles, cursing himself for being such a twat. But then.Then the phone buzzzes. Niall is so stunned he almost forgets to open the text up.From Leeyum:Haa yeh k. Mt @ louz rum his out 4 the nigt.Niall gulps, feeling his head swarm before he remembers his intial plan. There's no point in pussying out now. Glancing over his shoulder, Niall can see Zayn is still asleep, biting down on the giraffe's ear. Breathing out Niall grabs a room key and opens the door slowly before slipping out into the blinding light of the hallway. Lou's room is just two doors down, but Liam and Harry's is across from Niall and Zayn's which means Niall needs to go now or Liam might find him and that would really fuck things up. Straightening his shoulders Niall coaxes himself to walk to Lou's door, glad that they all have a key to each other's rooms. Niall slips in quickly, with a quick glance around he knows the room is empty and thanks every