to occupy his mind and hands rather than driving himself half-mad with all the questions Sherlock's sudden admission had brought to the forefront of his mind. 

There was no denying that he had a strong emotional connection with the detective. You don't do the things John had for someone who was just a casual acquaintance, passing up dates, dropping your entire life, shooting a cabbie. He just wasn't sure if that deep-seated fondness could ever translate to anything romantic. Did Sherlock even want something romantic?

The thought brought John to a literal standstill until William made an insistent whining noise that brought his attention back to the task at hand. He got the boy fed, dressed and comfy so he could have a bit of toast and coffee. Once William was happily waving at the colorful ribbons that decorated his sleep basket in the sitting room, John sat down to breakfast. He scanned a discarded newspaper while he sipped at his coffee. No cases so far this week, just as well since he hadn't quite worked out how he was going to fit that in to his new father role. 

At one point he heard some faint shuffling coming from Sherlock's room and felt himself tense a bit as he tried to work out how to act. He need not have worried as Sherlock exited his room with barely a nod in his direction before locking himself away in the bathroom. John eventually heard the shower start up. If he intended to wait it could be awhile, Sherlock was meticulous about his bathing rituals. 

Sighing to himself, John dug up the list of daycare's located in reasonable proximity to either the flat or his clinic. He'd be back at work next week and he'd need to have someplace to take William during the day. Mrs. Hudson had offered to help out when he and Sherlock were called away suddenly on a case, but it would have been unreasonable to expect her to take the baby on full-time while John was at the clinic. 

He made a few calls and scowled as the list narrowed dramatically when he took his meager budget into consideration. He'd known money would be tight, but this was far closer than he was comfortable with. It had always been a balancing act, putting in enough hours at the locum to ensure a steady income while being readily available to assist Sherlock as the need arose. Private clients definitely paid the lion's share of their expenses, but when there were no cases coming in John's army pension and paychecks kept them afloat. 

John rubbed his eyes tiredly as he considered his options. He could always try to put in more hours at the clinic, but it was difficult to get them when he'd let Sarah down so often in the past. Would be nice if they could land a new case, but then he'd just have to miss more work. 

William began to grow tired of the rainbow ribbons and whimpered for John's attention. The shower was still running, though the hot water had to be long gone by now. John scooped up his son and took them both upstairs to dress and bundle up so they could head out. 

When he passed by the sitting room again on his way out the shower had finally turned off, but there was no sign of his flatmate. John just shook his head and buckled William into his carrier before hoisting up his baby bag and heading out. 

The day was spent frustratingly checking out the daycare's John had determined were within his price range, though just barely. Most places were either more rundown than John would have liked, or came with additional hidden fees he had not anticipated because of William's age. The ordeal was further hampered by having to stop and tend to the baby while in the middle of the city. 

When John finally returned home to 221B late that afternoon he was completely knackered. William wasn't faring much better. The loud streets and public transport have left him overwhelmed and fussy. The flat was empty when they arrived, and remained so for the rest of the evening. 

Feeling a bit lonely, John sent Sherlock a text asking where he was. The reply was slow coming, but the detective said he was at Bart's and that once again, the doctor shouldn't wait up for him. John found himself irrationally annoyed by his flatmate's continued absence, though he couldn't pinpoint why. 

Mrs. Hudson brought up some soup around supper time,  she insisted she couldn't finish it herself. That was all the encouragement John needed. They talked about his abysmal luck at finding a daycare and she came up with a few he hadn't heard of that some of Mrs. Turner's tenets had good luck with. Eventually she declared it was getting late and headed back down to her flat to settle in for the night. 

That night John lay awake for much longer than was strictly necessary. He told himself that he was just anxious about all the changes. He was absolutely not staying up to all hours of the night with insomnia because he was worried about Sherlock. Around two