. We need to get moving."

Jensen muttered something under his breath and bent down to pick up his pack. "Ready when you are," he said.

Jared led the group again, Misha and Jensen bringing up the rear once more. He would have loved to hear their conversation. They were probably talking about him—it made sense, after all: the only thing they really had in common.

Jared shook his head at himself—that really wasn't fair. While Misha knew a great deal about the world, Jensen was from a place none of them had been, and Jared knew how much Misha enjoyed learning about other places and people. That was probably all it was.

As Jared had planned, it was just after the noon hour when they approached the hill with the two trees on top. "It's just on the other side," Jared said. "We'll stop here for a moment while I make sure it's safe."

"I'll come with you," Jensen insisted.

"Maybe we have could someone other than the two most important people in our camp wandering off into the woods," Misha suggested.

"C'mon, Misha, they are newlyweds." Briana was a few feet away, grinning at Jared.

Jared's cheeks felt warm. "We'll be back in a few minutes," he said, tugging Jensen with him. "Don't go anywhere."

The group had stopped at the foot of a small rise that led up the side of the hill, and now he led Jensen up and over that rise. It was a grassy area, though there were rocky outcroppings on the far side, and the valley they were headed for had a few trees. Jared was looking forward to getting in the shade of one of those trees and lying down again. He'd pushed himself hard the last couple of days, and it would be nice to be somewhere they could rest longer.

As soon as they rounded an outcropping, Jared froze. He put out an arm to stop Jensen, silently cursing to himself as his heart sank.

Behind him, Jensen eased closer. "What is it?" he breathed in Jared's ear.

For answer, Jared pointed off to his right. There was a horseman visible in the distance, behind a tall oak tree. When he turned his head, his lips nearly brushed Jensen's cheek. "We need to get back and warn the others," he whispered. "We can't have anyone knowing we're here."

"Shit." Jensen stayed still. "Do you think he's seen us?"

Jared held his breath. After a moment, he whispered, "He hasn't moved. And I don't see any others."

"Then let's go," Jensen breathed. He started to move backwards.

Jared waited until he couldn't hear Jensen's movements and then followed him. With a quick glance over his shoulder, he kept an eye on the horseman as they fled.

He heard the shouts before they'd climbed the small rise, and he and Jensen simultaneously broke into a run. Jared drew his sword, readying himself to fight.

As soon as they topped the rise, Jared's worst fears were confirmed. There were at least two dozen horsemen surrounding their small group, half with arrows notched in bows and half with swords drawn. All were wearing the red colors of the King's Guard, including the High King at their center, watching it all with a satisfied smile.

"We're surrounded," Jared said bleakly.

 

It was Jensen's worst nightmare. He'd been afraid Morgan would find Jared and his group, but he had no idea how it had happened so quickly. And standing beside Jared, both of them with weapons drawn, made it clear that Jensen was no longer here under duress.

Which meant that whatever was going to happen, it was very, very bad.

"Drop your weapons!" the head of the King's Guard called, the red plumage on his helmet swaying in the wind. He came forward half a pace. The archers behind him had their bows trained on Jared's people, no matter what direction Jensen turned.

"Maybe if I go with him," he said under his breath to Jared while he kept his eyes on Morgan. "Let him think he's gotten what he wants."

"I'm not letting you—"

There was a thunk, and then an arrow was quivering in the ground at Jared's feet. "Drop your weapons!" the lead Guardsman roared again.

Some of the people at the far edges of Jared's group were already lowering their swords and knives. The others were looking to Jared, and Jensen put a hand on his arm. "Now," he said quietly. "Before this gets any worse."

Jared's eyes were pleading, but he didn't say a word as Jensen took one step forward and then another. Jensen held up his hands and said, "I surrender."

"All of