!” the other slurred.

                “Oh, you’re drunk!”

                “Shh, no I’m no—okay I am! But it’s my birthday now Keef! You answered the call and didn’t even say happy birthday to me! I’m so hurt, sniffle. Dad said I could drink cause I’m a big man! Nineteen is a big year, y’know!”

                “Nineteen also isn’t the legal drinking age you nut. Jesus Lance, how much have you had to drink?”

                “Few beers…few shots…s’all blurry to me tee-bee-h.”

                “Did…did you just say the acronym for to be honest? Lance, please go get some water and get to bed. I’m serious, you need to sleep.”

                “Keith, you never asked me what I wanted for my birthday! Or for Christmas! I’m gonna get you a birthday present next year! What do you want for your birthday? No! Tell me next year! Ask me what I want for my birthday!” Lance said, stumbling over his words a little. Keith was very concerned for Lance. He wished he could be there to make sure he went to bed, but not before he drank some water. Keith himself wasn’t a drinker, he had never touched a drop in his life, so he wasn’t exactly sure what to do. But that he knew was the basics of it. He didn’t know what it was like to be drunk. He wasn’t sure if he ever wanted to be; it just didn’t seem appealing and alcohol smells gross anyways.

                “Fine Lance, what do you want for your birthday?” Keith sighed, giving in.

                “First, tell me happy birthday.”

                “Happy Birthday, Lance.”

                “That’s better. Okay! What I want for my birthday slash Christmas—okay fuck being born on Christmas Eve? Like, what a terrible day to be born. I have a birthmas. Birthmas is not fun. My birthday should be all about me, not shared with Christmas! Wait what was I talking about? Right! What I want for Birthmas! Okay, all I really, really, really, want for it is—hey why are you awake? Isn’t it three in the morning for you? Oh wait that’s me, hehe—,” said Lance, starting to trail off again. Keith hit himself in the forehead and bit hard on his lip. God he was a cute drunk.

                “Lance what do you want for your birthday?”

                “I want to video chat with you. Allura has been gone for months now. The anonymous rule is stupid and I mean we already fucking broke it obviously. I just…really want to see what you look like? And you’d get to see what I look like, which is always a plus. But god Keith I want to see your face? More than anything? Pretty please? Please, please, please?”

                “I don’t know…I didn’t shower today. My hair and skin is really gross. I’m really gross. It’s not the right time for this. I don’t think we’re ready. I-I-I don’t know what to say?”

                “So say yes!”

                Keith covered his mouth with his hand. He couldn’t breathe. Did he want to do this? It’s not like he hasn’t seen what Lance looked like before. He had been thinking about that selfie all the time. Keith would think of it in class, while doodling in his notebook and even in the shower. Plenty of times in the shower and alone in his dorm room. He had gotten that selfie of him through Katie, but this was a video chat. It was new and exciting and all he had ever wanted. But that meant showing himself to Lance as well. Keith felt himself as too plain, not ugly, but plain. Especially when he compared himself to Lance.

                “Keith you have gone silent once again. Please, say yes. It’s all I want for my birthday. For any of my birthdays. Like, if you do this, you don’t ever have to get me a present again. This will completely my entire life!”

                “Alright! I’ll…do it. Give me a second, ok? I’m going to go…fix myself up in the bathroom,” Keith said, giving in once more. He could hear cheering and hollering on the other end. Keith couldn’t help but smile and shake his head. But the smile was fading as he felt an extreme sense of dread and anxiety overcome him. He said he’d be right back and scurried off to the bathroom.

                Keith was already starting to hyperventilate. He clutched at the sides of his face, his whole body trembling as he gasped for air. His eyes were frantically looking all over the room. How could he agree to this?