, none of us really think Vishkar as a whole is th’ bad guy,” he explained. “I mean, shit. What they say they’re doin’ is pretty fine by me. It’s how they’re goin’ about it tha’s the problem. Usin’ sound to mind-control entire cities ain’t exactly too nice ‘n’ all, ya know?”

“It is not 'mind-control’. It is using sonic waves to boost productivity and enforce order.”

“So, mind-control.”

Satya glared at him. This man was lecturing her about control, when he had no right to talk seeing as he clearly did not know one thing about it. Junkrat was the epitome of chaos. He was just about everything that Vishkar stood against.

“We provide housing and jobs for those in cities effected by the Crisis. We have donated millions to charity and research. We select most of our architects from poverty and give them the chance at life they deserve to have. Please tell me, Mr. Fawkes, what exactly is evil about that?”

“Never said it was evil, sheila! Vishkar has a good idea, but they’re jus’ workin’ on it the wrong way. S'the people in control of th'company that are at fault, not yours or any of yer architects.”

“You might not think that, but what about dos Santos? His friend, Hana? Your bodyguard? All of them have treated me with disrespect simply because my name is associated with the company’s.”

“Well, I can tell ya roight now that ol’ Pigface is just like that with everyone he ain’t familiar with. Hana’s just stickin’ with Lucio 'cause they’re best buds, an’ also I’m pretty sure she has a massive crush on the bloke. Lucio doesn’t like the fact that Vishkar is erasin’ all the local culture of his home, and I don’t blame 'im too much. How would ya feel if someone came to India and was like, 'Sorry, but you can’t do your native dancing anymore, it’s too chaotic’?”

Satya’s mouth drew into a thin line as she dropped her holo-tablet stylus on the table. She promptly got up and turned to leave.

“Ya can’t hide from the fact that Vishkar’s done some bad stuff, Symm. Yer either gonna accept it and try ta fix it, get to thinkin’ it’s okay ta do, or yer gonna break away from them fer good.” Jamison said, putting down the screwdriver he was using to tinker with his bombs. He turned in his chair and looked at her as she paused in the doorway. “Tha’s how it was for me, learnin’ 'bout what Roadie did.”

This surprised Satya. Although she was quite irritated with the junker at the moment, she was also curious. “…what…did Roadhog do?”

“Ya ever learn how the Outback got how it is today?” His voice grew quieter, which was alarming as it was usually loud and full of enthusiasm. She nodded. “He was part of it, th’ ALF. He was one of the team that went in to destroy th’ Omnium.”

“So, he was responsible in part for the destruction of central Australia?”

“Yeh. Big guy’s part of th’ reason I’ve been fightin’ every day since I was born.”

“…how did you take the news?” Concern was clear in Satya’s voice, her eyebrows stitched together. Maybe Jamison knew more about her situation than she thought.

“At first? Not well. Didn’t talk to 'im for a whole week unless it was for work or somethin’. Then I started thinkin’, ya know what? I’ve been workin’ with this guy for three years now, and he hasn’t done me wrong once. Even if he did bad shit in the past, he may still have hope, ya know? So, I guess what I’m tryin’ ta say here is that…Vishkar may still have hope, but not while they’re doin’ all this bad shit. Once people start to figure out that th’ leaders of it are playing dirty, don’t defend 'em. Fight with the people. Then once ya get the baddies out of th’ house, start makin’ it feel like home again. Ya get me?”

Satya simply stared at him for a moment, trying to process everything. Jamison was surprisingly one of the few people in the organization that she had actually grown somewhat close to. They had bonded over their love of creation (in a way that she couldn’t seem to do with the other engineer, Mr. Lindholm). “…I…I think so. I would never have expected you to be the person I would get advice from on this topic, but…it is good advice. Thank you, Mr. Fawkes.”

“Not a problem, shiela. An