t he?" Luke remembered Sam saying something like this and Sam shook his head yes."If he could see me living like this… he wouldn't believe it. He never wanted our life for me", he saw the question in Luke's eyes but his friend never asked. He gave up on that because Sam never answered anyway.

"Sometimes I wonder what he does", he murmured. 'If he is in danger or needs my help or is just banging some random chick', the last thought did hurt pretty bad. Even more than the one of Dean's death. He swallowed to get rid of the knot in his throat and took a swing from the bottle for good measure.Luke kneeled before him, a hand on Sam' knee and he slowly stroke the muscled thigh. It was way too near Sam's crotch to be understood as soothing.

Maybe it was time to let Dean go and move on? He couldn't mourn for all eternity over loosing Dean. He deserved to be happy. If not with Dean then maybe he could be happy with Luke?Luke sat down next to Sam and leaned in, their faces nearly touching. Sam's hands found their way to Luke's face and he looked him into the eyes. They had a little bit of green in them but where not nearly as green as Dean's. Their lips where just about to touch when Sam heard a noise and stopped.

It sounded like the backdoor, it creaked a little when opened and closed. Then steps, very silent but he heard them. His hunter instincts kicked in. No matter how long you were absent, you would never lose those instincts, those primal instincts of hunting.

He laid his finger on his lips, the sign for Luke to be silent and then made him follow him. His friend was confused and somehow very frustrated but now Sam didn't actually care."Sam, what-""Ssh! Burglars" Sam explained and grabbed a steak knife from the coffee table."What? Call the freacking police!""Don't make a fool out of yourself and now shut up!"Sam tiptoed to the corridor. He was in hunter-mode. Luke was directly behind him. He'd never seen Sam like this. He was so concentrated and in a strangely calm way agitated. He seemed to know what he was doing… whatever it was he was doing. He looked at ease and calm by the thought that a dangerous criminal was inside his kitchen robbing him and Sam just ran after the guy. In Luke's books that made no sense but he liked Sam this way. He looked even hotter than usual.

Through the corridor and to the kitchen door. Everything was dark, you could barely see your hand before your eyes. Then again a noise, this time even Luke heard it. There was really somebody in here.How Sam could be this concentrated after a half bottle of Whiskey was a riddle for Luke but since he knew Sam the guy had always been good at drinking much without getting shitfaced.Sam saw to Luke and showed him to be quiet and stay where he was.

He couldn't leave Sam alone, could he? What if the guy had a gun? But Sam was already in the kitchen, like a shadow he sneaked through the darkness.When he was at the back door a figure came out of the shadows and attacked Sam from behind. Luke screamed in shock.

Sam on the other hand seemed not shocked or even surprised at all. He grabbed the hand from the stranger and turned to face him. The stranger threw a pretty badass punch and fought with Sam, who had the steak knife still in his hand.

The fact that Sam apparently had knowledge of close combat shocked Luke even more. He appeared to be well trained. While Luke had thought Sam wrestled with the guy and pinned him to the wall. The knife at his neck.Sam breathed heavy, as was the thief.

"Damn Sam. Where did this nija moves came from?" Luke asked and turned on the light which made Sam back up in shock with an angry look on his face. Never before had Luke seen his friend that angry."Who are you?""Sammy, it's really me" was his answer. What the heck was that supposed to mean? He was who? The burglar was, admittedly, a cute guy. Muscles, blond short hair and amazingly green eyes. He was a little bit smaller than Sam."Don't fuck with me! This is a silver knife so if I were you I wouldn't do anything stupid."What? What in god's name was Sam talking? Such a nonsense. And why possessed he steak knives out of silver?Suddenly the stranger were able to switch their positions. Very fast and very skilled. Now it was Sam who stood back against the wall and the guy had the knife but instead of hurting Sam the guy pulled up his sleeve and cute into his forearm. What kind of sick freak was that?"See? No shape shifter Sam. It's me" said