male supermodel and a prostitute. The press would love to make a story out of that. So many misconceptions could arise, the public’s opinion of him would lower, companies would take notice …

Why couldn’t he just have feelings for someone? Why did that person’s job have to matter? Why did other people have to care? These questions among others rocked inside his head like the waves of a tsunami.

“Erwin look at me.” It was Mike. Erwin kept his eyes trained on the whiteness beneath his feet. “I know how much you hate what this career does to people. We’ve seen it. Hell, we’ve lived it. The problem is we don’t want you to do any of that nonsense to yourself. Your image is your resume, if that gets destroyed then there’s no telling what could happen.”

“And having feelings for someone is going to lead me on a path to self-destruction?” Erwin snapped. He glared at the sandy haired man across from him. Hanji took a step back. “So what if his job isn’t ideal? Does that make him any less human? He’s beautiful in a way I’ve never seen before. He doesn’t have the plastic guise that everyone I’ve ever been with has. I hardly know him, yes, but that’s what intrigues me more. Maybe it’s a ‘forbidden fruit’ kind of attraction, I don’t know and I don’t care. All I know is that I want to be with him in a way I’ve never wanted to be with anyone before.” 

Was that really how he felt? Yes. Why it had taken him so long to realize was beyond him.

Mike and Hanji were silent. Erwin sighed and buried his face in his hands. Guilt washed over him like a thrashing wave.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to snap like that. I just … I want to be with him. I feel so desperate.” He muttered.

Hanji shuffled and sat next to him. She placed a hand on his back and rubbed soothing circles as she spoke. “And that’s ok. We support you. But as your friends we also need to let you know what kind of risks are involved in a situation like this. I’ve told you before, we don’t want anything but the best for you.” Hanji looked at Mike who nodded in return.

Erwin closed his eyes. She was right. They were only looking out for him. He was their friend and they did not want to see him make a mistake that pointed in a downward direction. It was silly of him to overreact but this was his mistake to make in the end right? If pursing with a relationship with Levi meant that he had to receive public scrutiny then that was on his shoulders to bare. They were good friends for worrying about him but this was something he could handle alone.

Besides, he had analyzed the situation over a dozen times in the past week. He knew every possible outcome.

And he did not give a shit.

Erwin knew it was not like him to be so reckless. Hanji and Mike clearly did as well. But this was different. He made up his mind right then and there.

“I appreciate the concern, but I know what the course of my actions could result in. You both know I’m not one to make a decision without properly seeing the outcome.”

“Yeah, just like at the party when you two made the ‘decision’ to head upstairs and do God knows what.” Mike said. Erwin flinched slightly.

“You know as well as I do that I was not in the right state of mind.” He gritted his teeth. Mike simply gave a knowing look and took another drag of his half-burnt cigarette. Hanji sighed.

“Mike, you already look surprisingly old for your age. Aren’t models supposed to be health conscious?”

“Aren’t photographer’s supposed to take pictures and hide behind the camera where they belong?”

“Ouch, that hurt.”

“At least I don’t smell like dog.”

“Would you drop that already?!”

…


“Are you free Saturday?”


Erwin stared at the four letter message displayed on the phone’s small screen. He had only sent the message less than five minutes ago, there was no reason to be worried he would not respond. But he was worried. Levi was probably working as of now. Erwin got up from his seat at his island and put his plate in the sink.


BUZT!


He looked at his phone. The ‘one new message’ screen was displayed. As calmly as he could he walked back over to where the device laid still on the grey marble.


Levi – “Why …?”


Personally, Erwin thought it was pretty obvious why.


“I was hoping we could hang out.”


Levi replied much quicker this time. 


Levi – “Are you trying to ask me out on a date?”


Erwin stared at the