a small relaxed smile playing on his lips, but Crowley could see the steel coiled underneath. There was so much rage simmering just under the surface, and that was, well, that was just fun. This was indeed a very promising turn of events. He only needed to wind the Winchester up some more and this could indeed turn out to be a very good night.

'Moose, you're talking to the king of Hell here, do you really think you have a smidgen of the imagination...'

Sam closed the distance between them in two strides, metal heels coming down next to Crowley feet, and pulled him back by his hair to face him.

'If this is going to go down, we do it my way. You have two options,' Sam said very calmly. 'You can stay quiet, and I mean really quiet, or I can duct tape your mouth shut for the rest of the night.'

'No ball gag?'

Sam leaned over him to reach the table of tools, his long hair tickling Crowley's face, and he ripped a stretch of duct tape.

'Okay, fine. I pick quiet.'

Sam straightened up to his moose height and looked down at him appraisingly, deciding where to start.

When Crowley said those things about Sam in S&M gear he was making it sound ridiculous, all latex and tight high boots, but Sam didn't look ridiculous at all. 

He was wearing silver stilettos with metal heels, and a short black clingy dress that showed off his legs that went on forever, and his broad shoulders and most of his back. Low cut. Crowley let himself take in those shoulderblades and the curve of that back as Sam turned away, heels clicking, and walked in a slow circle around him.

Crowley felt his head yanked back by his hair, a cool silver blade resting against his exposed neck. He really really wanted to say something sarcastic about blood play as Sam stared down expectantly at him.

'Good,' Sam finally said into the silence. The blade stung pleasantly, but only beaded a few drops of blood. This wasn't enough. It was too controlled and too calm, Crowley wanted rage and pain.

Sam picked up a bottle of holy water, never breaking eye contact with Crowley, that small smile still playing on his face. Crowley cocked his eyebrow sarcastically, really, holy water, is that the best you can do, we are talking King of Hell here.Then Sam took a swig of the holy water and leaned in towards him, and Crowley's throat went dry.

He still leaned up into the kiss, and it burned, all the way down his throat, and he tried not to scream into Sam's mouth, and it came out as small, strangled noises that Sam swallowed down with a smile, and kissed him deeper, and this, this was good. 

Sam crowded in closer, the metal point of the heels deliberately dug into Crowley's leg. He could feel nicks on his shoulder and on his arms. Sam never broke contact, kept kissing him as pulled the bottle of holy water over and poured it over the fresh wounds.Crowley bit back a scream, face buried into Sam's shoulder, Sam holding him through the pain. 'Fuck! Yes!''First strike', Sam said calmly leaning back to look at him. He was essentially sitting on Crowley's lap at this point, straddling him. 

It was no good if he couldn't speak. He could use barbed words to wind Sam up, watch him let go of that rage that was always simmering inside him. Crowley had been tied up for so long, and humanity was invading him, itching at him from the inside, and he wanted to not think, he wanted something pure and wild and painful, and he bet Sam was only here to take out his anger on someone too. 

He struggled in frustration against the chains on his arms and legs, against the weight of Sam on him, he trashed and he pushed against Sam. He was hard, so hard, and the friction against Sam's inner tight felt so good.

An involuntary groan escaped Sam, and he rocked back into Crowley, sweet and close, and he scooted even closer, crowding into Crowley, his legs threaded through the chains, his hands exploring the fresh wounds on Crowley's back, and he rocked until Crowley could feel how hard Sam was too and they were lined up and pressing against each other. 

Crowley wanted to let his hands roam, and grab big handfuls of that hair, but his arms were chained. He leaned closer to Sam, and kissed a line down his neck, biting gently at the crook of his shoulder. Sam groaned louder, and ran his hands through Crowley's hair, pulled him in closer, grinding into his lap. 

Then Sam pulled him back by his hair to look into his face, and there was no enigmatic smile on Sam's lips now. He looked down with surprise and wonder, and he was so fucking open and undone. Crowley reached up to kiss him