a pang of want, loneliness and guilt.

He’d love to be able to cuddle like that with them all (with Kuroo specifically because Kuroo’s arms were strong and wrapped tightly around Tsukishima and made him feel safe) but he could only do that when he felt Good. Right now he was feeling Bad, and even the thought of cuddling up to someone made him want to curl in the corner and rock his body.

Tsukishima tched.

Kuroo walked through the front door and hung his jacket up. Tsukishima saw his lips moving but he heard nothing but white noise. Kuroo hadn’t said his name before talking so it obviously wasn’t important. Kuroo’s eyes were locked onto Tsukishima’s.

The eye contact made his skin squirm and he turned away. He walked over to the large window that was on the back wall of the apartment, and he stared out at Tokyo, sipping his coffee.

“Keiiiiiiii-kuuuuuuuuun!”

Tsukishima should have prepared himself. He really should have known what was coming just from Bokuto’s words, but he still jumped when Bokuto’s arms wrapped around him from behind. His shoulders stiffened, and he couldn’t form words to tell Bokuto to let go of him. His breathing began to get panicky, his vision blurring a little.

“Bokuto!”

The stern tone of Akaashi’s voice saved him and Bokuto backed off before his name was even fully out of Akaashi’s mouth.

Bokuto was still new to their relationship, and Tsukishima tried not to be slightly angry with him.

Bokuto and Akaashi had met by pure chance when Akaashi had gone to an event; he was a mangaka, and a popular one at that. Bokuto had been a fan and had asked him out for a drink and Akaashi had politely turned down the offer and explained he had a boyfriend at home.

When Akaashi had returned to Tokyo after the event in Hokkaido, Kuroo and Tsukishima had both giggled along with Akaashi when he told them of the man-child that had asked him out for drinks. Two weeks later, Tsukishima had bumped into said man-child at Tokyo University – he was a drummer and was there to do a collaboration with one of the bands that studied at the university. It wasn’t long after that that this Bokuto Koutarou kept appearing, and started following Tsukishima around when they had shared lunch breaks, and just all out exhausting the taller student.

When Bokuto had asked Tsukishima out on a date, the student had just blinked and curtly said no. He had annoyingly whined why noooooooot, only for Tsukishima to lose his temper. Bokuto’s eyes had gone wide when Tsukishima had spat out that he was dating Akaashi, and Bokuto held his hands up.

Kuroo and Akaashi had both found it hilarious that Bokuto had found them both attractive, and Kuroo had joked about him joining their relationship. Tsukishima had given him a quick glance of disgusting before realising it was a joke.

It was only a month after that nightmare that Bokuto had started working at the same place as Kuroo. Kuroo and Akaashi found it hilarious. Tsukishima had almost collapsed when he got in from uni and found Bokuto on his couch, playing video games with Kuroo.

Bokuto turned out to be highly accepting of their three-way relationship, asking a ton of questions, and apologising whenever he said something that came out offensive. Akaashi and Kuroo had answered them all, whereas Tsukishima had disappeared to the bedroom to get on with his studying – at least then he could listen to his music in peace without seeming rude.

Bokuto had been around their apartment almost daily since then and it was three months after that that Akaashi and Kuroo had asked Tsukishima to sit down, because they wanted to talk with him. He’d sat down and listened to them explaining that they both did like Bokuto, and he’d definitely grown on them and how they would be interested in dating him. Tsukishima had shrugged and said it would be fine with him.

After another few months, Tsukishima didn’t know how many, he found he also liked Bokuto – the man stayed with him when he was alone in the apartment, panicking, and Kuroo and Akaashi were nowhere to be found – and they’d officially begun dating themselves.

Bokuto had moved in with them two months ago, and was still trying to learn Tsukishima’s Routine. He was still trying to learn Tsukishima’s bodily cues for when he was having a Good Time and when he was having a Bad Time but he was trying, and Tsukishima really couldn’t be mad at him.

Tsukishima was jogged back from his thoughts by the feeling of his headphones being slipped onto his head. Looking back, Kuroo was smiling softly at him, offering Tsukishima’s phone out to him. The blond took it with a smile and quickly hit shuffle. Kuroo moved to stand next to his side. He gave Tsukishima a soft smile and Tsukishima leaned in to peck his lips against Kuroo’s.

Kuroo didn’t do his usual move of wrapping his hand around the back of the blond’s neck, letting Tsukishima take it at his own