,” Baekhyun nervously smiled, trying to lighten the mood while shifting his shoulders to try to get Chanyeol to move his arm off before Sehun tried to kill him.

 

“I’m not hungry,” the blonde said as he kicked off his shoes. “Are you sure? You’ve been practicing all day, don’t you want something?” Chanyeol asked. “No, I’ve lost my appetite,” he said as he walked over to the two and pulled Baekhyun up by his arm, dragging him inside his room; leaving a confused Chanyeol on the couch.  “What the hell was that about…”

 

    Sehun shoved the brown haired boy into the room, locking the door behind him. Baekhyun stood awkwardly in the middle of the room, hands anxiously fumbling with the edge of his t-shirt. The blonde leaned against the door with his arms crossed and stared at the shorter male with dark eyes. Baekhyun bit his lip and guiltily stared down at his feet.

 

“Don’t you ever learn, hyung?” He suddenly felt a hand grab his hair roughly, yanking his head back. “AAh-mmgfhh!” his mouth opened to let out a scream of pain but came out muffled when Sehun crashed his lips violently over his. Sehun hungrily shoved his tongue in Baekhyun’s mouth, massaging their tongues together.

 

The taller was practically devouring the poor boy, who could barely keep up with his fast and rough movements. Sehun pulled away slightly to bite Baekhyun’s lower lip, causing him to whimper against his own. Sehun hooks an arm around Baekhyun’s waist, pulling him flush against his body, grinding their hips together. Baekhyun eyes widen in surprise, knees buckling.

 

Feeling lightheaded from lack of oxygen, he weakly pushes the taller male away and Sehun reluctantly lets go of Baekhyun to let him catch his breath. Without the support of Sehun holding him up, he falls to to knees  panting heavily and clutching onto the edge Sehun’s shirt. The blonde looks down at his boyfriend and smirks at his swollen pink lips.

 

“We haven’t even gotten to the good part yet and you’re already breathless. ” Sehun pulls Baekhyun up by his arms and helps him up onto the bed, quickly stripping him of his clothing. Bending the older male over, he pushes him onto all fours and admires his milky white ass. Spreading Baekhyun’s ass cheeks, Sehun wastes no time teasing the older male and pushes his tongue through the ring of muscle.  

 

“AA-ah!” Baekhyun cries out, feeling as if the air was knocked out of his lungs. He jerks back but Sehun holds him down with a strong hold on his thighs. Sehun thrusts his tongue in and out of the puckered hole, imitating the way he would with his cock, and makes sure to stretch it out enough to fit his large size.

 

Meanwhile, Baekhyun is writhering on the bed, gripping the bedsheets tightly and bringing them up to his mouth, practically gagging himself so his moans don’t come out. With just a few more thrusts of Sehun’s tongue, Baekhyun comes all over his chest, screaming into the sheets.

 

    Sehun strips himself of his clothing and lubes up his dick with the embarrassing amount of precum that’s leaking from the tip. He flips the older male onto his back and aligns his cock up with Baekhyun’s entrance. With a quick snap of his hips, the maknae thrusts into the older male.

 

“AAH S-SE-HUN!” Baek rasps out, hands frantically reaching out to grab the younger’s biceps to hold himself in place. Sehun groans at how tight and hot Baekhyun feels around him and proceeds to roughly thrust in and out. "You just love getting me riled up, don't you?" Baekhyun desperately shakes his head, arching his back off the bed.

 

He just loves the sight his hyung wantonly moaning under him. Sehun grabs onto the other's member, stroking it back to life.“M-mmhhff!” Baekhyun moans into a pillow he’s pressing firmly against his mouth. The members didn’t know they were dating yet and the last thing he wanted was for them to find out this way.

 

It was horrifyingly embarrassing and he would probably never be able to face them again. Sehun, on the other hand, didn’t really give a fuck if they heard. In fact, it was his goal was make Baekhyun moan and scream so loud that everyone in the dorm hears. Especially Chanyeol. He wants them to know Baekhyun is his and that no one else is allowed to touch him.

 

Sehun mercilessly pounds into Baekhyun, going as deep as possible. Baekhyun has somewhat control of his moans until the other hits a spot that has him moaning loudly, even with the pillow covering his mouth. “Mmmgghfh F-FU-ck!”  The younger smirks and continues hitting Baekhyun’s bundle of nerves, loving how Baekhyun can’t keep his voice down.

 

Baekhyun comes for the second time and he feels as if his body has been drained of all its energy. Sehun, however, has not even come once yet