year and kept attempting months after that. The fact that it was way past noon and Peter still hadn’t called him worried Stiles. It was dumb and all, Stiles knew Peter could take care of himself, he was a big bad wolf after all.

But Stiles liked taking care of people, it was his vice. He skipped his last class of the day, not that it mattered he was already ahead of the class thanks to Peter. Stiles hopped up the step, briefly waving at Helena before unlocking the door. He tried to act like everything was fine.

“Yo, zombie wolf! Guess who decided to skip class and- oh.” Stiles looked at the floor, most of Peter’s clothes were strewn on it, making a path towards their room. Stiles sighed relieved okay Peter must have set up some sort of sexy surprise and didn’t want Stiles to known. Okay it’s fine, he’s fine. Stiles dropped his messenger bag on the floor, shrugging out of his jacket. “…Oh. So you wanna play like that eh~? You should have waited for me.”

Stiles toed off his shoes and socks, he was starting his pants when he gets to their door. He pushed it open with a nudge of his hips, “I’m comin-”

Stiles eyes widen with shock, Peter was curled up on the bed; shivering, flushed face pressed into Stiles’ pillow and a thermometer in his mouth. Peter glanced at him, rolling his eyes at Stiles’ half dressed appearance. Stiles walks over, moving Peter so he could check the thermometer. 108.5. On anyone other than a werewolf Stiles would be surprised they haven’t already keeled over. He sighs. “Why didn’t you call me?”

“You had a lecture.”

“I could have skipped it. Besides you not calling on time made me worry.”

“I’m a werewolf, I’ll get over this.”

“Deaton said you’d still be weak from coming back, more susceptible to illnesses. What happened?”

“I was fine…mostly it didn’t get worse till one of the clients showed off her new perfume, it had something in it that was kin to wolfs bane. Most of the werewolves got only mildly sick, I just got the worst of it.” Peter coughed, Stiles pushed back his hair, petting him. Peter leaned into the touch, it reminded him of thick, callous fingers doing the same when he was sick.

“Any black goo?” Stiles asked looking around the room, so far it was clear.

“Most of it is on the legal floor.”

Stiles grimaced, he was lucky Peter didn’t do it at home but still he felt bad for whatever unlucky bastard had to clean that up. “So, what do we do?”

“Let it run it’s course. I’m sure in a day or two, I’ll be fine again.”

“Uh, no. Last time I let you do that, you ended up throwing up half your blood. I’m getting Virginia.” Stiles said standing up. Peter groaned.

“Who?”

“You’re neighbor, the lady from that cat pride. I’ll be back.”

Peter pushed his face back into the pillow. Stiles ran out, passing Helena again, this time sliding to a stop in front of Virginia’s door. He started knocking on her door, only moments later did the woman answer her door.

“Hi, uh Virginia. I need your help please.” She blinked at him, gesturing him to continue. “Peter’s a little sick, and it was something that was like wolfs bane, he says to leave it alone but it wasn’t good last time I did that.”

Virginia sighed, “Okay, let me get my bag. I still have a kit, don’t worry it’s all fresh thanks to our caster. If it’s something I can’t deal with it, ask Helena to get her father.”

-

“Lucky for you, I still have a counter potion left over. It’ll detox him, so you better drag him to the bathroom. It’s not going to be pretty. After you’re sure all the guck is out. Give him this,” She said putting down the green vial and holding up a red vial. “This should replenish most of the lost fluids, the rest of the treatment is just standard for most colds; fluids and rest. Werewolf or not, this little buddy takes its toll on your healing factor.” The feline said glaring at the wolf, she knew many men who didn’t listen to her, and he looked like he wouldn’t.

“Okay, green, then red. Lots of fluids and rest got it. Why is so much easier with you than with Deaton?” Stiles said grinning. He liked Virginia, she was the kind of tough old broad he’d like as a grandmother.

“Deaton as in Allen Deaton,” Virginia said, scowling. She