! Stop!” Louis shouted, but they both knew the only way Harry would stop was if Louis used his safeword.

 

 


“You deserve this. When I came home your clothes were thrown all over the place, I had texted you, which you saw but didn’t reply, and now you tell me ‘no’? No, that is not, and never will be acceptable.” Harry finished, then smacked his hand down on the boy’s poor bottom, right over his entrance.

 

 


Louis tried covering his hole, but Harry just grabbed his hands, and held them out of reach, spanking the boy’s balls a few times.

 

 


“You will learn to obey me, whatever it takes. Got it?” Harry said, tying the boy’s hands to the bed posts, with a couple ties.

 

 


“And if I don’t?” Louis sassed, glaring at the man.

 

 


“And if you don’t, then I’ll have to do this again, but harsher.” Which actually didn’t sound too bad to the either of them, but neither would mention it at the moment.

 

 


Harry then pulled out a cane from his bag. It was a foot and a half long, and extremely thin, making it hurt more. He whipped it down across the boy’s bum multiple times until Louis was screaming for it to stop. Still, no safeword.

 

 


“Are you going to behave from now on? Fold your clothes neatly? Listen to me? Do as your told?” Harry asked, emphasizing each question with a slap to Louis’ cock with the cane.

 

 


“Yes! Y- Yes Sir!” Louis cried, shaking from the pleasurable pain.

 

 


“Are you sorry?” Harry asked, whipping the boy again, over his throbbing hole.

 

 


“Y- Yes! I’m- I’m sorry Sir!” Louis yelled, breathing heavily.

 

 


Harry spanked him thirty more times with the cane, while Louis tried desperately to get away from the torture device. If there was one thing he hated about punishments, it was the cane. He only ever got it when he was being extremely bad. And telling your Dominant ‘no’ would earn you a few stripes.

 

 


“I bet.” Was all Harry said finally. He then set down the cane, putting it back into his briefcase. He let Louis calm down for a few seconds, then picked up his own leaking dick, and lined it up with Louis’ sore entrance. Louis whined for him not to, but Harry didn’t think he deserved to have his opinion heard, so he pushed in anyway, with only his pre-cum as lube.

 

 


“Daddy!” Louis shouted, trying to pull off, but it was impossible with the position he was forced to be in.

 

 


“Quiet,” Harry said, although he was quite tired of saying it, so he reached back into his case, and pulled out a ball gag. Louis tried to fight it, but it was no use. He fought it like a baby refusing to accept the spoon of food being held out to them, but eventually, Harry got it in him and secured around his head.

 

 


“That’ll shut you up,” Harry smirked, then untied the boy’s legs and hands, massaging his joints.

 

 


Louis tried his best to talk around the ball gag, but it was no use. It was secured tightly, the only way of it coming off would be if he screamed, which was like a safeword, but for when he had the gag on and couldn’t talk.

 

 


Harry then let everything else fall into place, he pounded into his disobedient submissive, shaking the entire bed. Louis whined, trying to get away from the pain, but soon he just let it. He went limp and allowed it to happen, getting Harry to smirk. “Finally decided to shut up and take it, hm? That’s my good boy.” Harry praised, cumming into his boy.

 

 


He then pulled out, and gently took off the ball gag, then massaged Louis’ jaw carefully. He put the toys on the floor, then made sure Louis had caught his breath, and carried him into the bathroom. He filled up the bath with warm, sudsy water, and submerged them both under it.

 

 


“Shhh, that’s my boy…” Harry whispered into Louis’ ear while rubbing his cock with one hand, and his sore, red bum with his other.

 

 


“Daddy…” Louis finally managed to say, cuddling close to the man, slowly grinding his hips up and down on Harry’s thigh.

 

 


“That’s a good boy, good job baby boy.” Harry smiled, getting faster with his strokes.

 

 


“D- Daddy… n- need to cum…” Louis whined, grasping onto Harry’s bicep, looking up into his green eyes, begging to cum.

 

 


“No, baby. Not tonight.” Harry said, firm.

 

 


“Daddy! Not fair!” Louis pouted, about to stand up, when Harry grabbed his cock tight, forcing him to stay under the water.