there to unpack later-”

“Did you?” Zayn’s hands moved to Liam’s face trying to rub the frown lines away from his brow.  

“I found an old birthday card that I gave to you years ago.” Zayn nods moving to hide his face in the croook of Liam’s neck. He knows exactly which card it was. Liam had made it himself and like printed it at kinkos. It was Hallmark quality, a comic book red with a jagged speech bubble in the center with a picture of them talking that Harry took. Liam’s eyes are squished closed in laughter and Zayn is blatantly staring at him love written all over his obvious face. Liam has a quote bubble that reads, ‘Wow, you have a lot of tattoos you must be really old.” They were out walking Liam’s puppy Loki when a little kids saw Loki and wanted to pet him one of them saw all of Zayn’s tattoos and said that to him, Liam kept giggling over it the whole day.

Liam starts rubbing his hand in calming circles on Zayn's back, “Why did you keep it?” Zayn should have saw the question coming. It was right before they got together. Zayn was so wrapped up in Liam, he didn’t even realize he was /IN/LOVE/ with him until he saw that card. The picture mixed with Li’s fucking innocently romantic gesture was a smack in the face for him to make a move.

Zayn breaks away, scrubbing hands down his face, “Okay. You got me!’ He lifts his arms in a flustered shrug, “It is a memory box.” Zayn goes to the box, Liam left it on their neatly made bed, and dumps out the contents,”Ninety percent of this stuff is from you, about you, reminded me of you. The rest is just pictures my mum’s mailed me or notes from my parents.” Liam’s smile is immediate but he quickly schools his face into something serious, moving to sit on the bed and poke around the shrewn contents. “I kept the card because it reminds me of the day I realized I loved you.”

Liam’s head snaps up, he’s looking at the card Zayn holds way too dear and smiles, “But this was a year before you told me you loved me.” And of course Liam would know these things. He would remember the exact day to a T because Liam not only has a memory box but a memory journal. Spending time every night to jot down things that feel major to him. He likes to read them later, when he’s feeling down. He reads it to Zayn sometimes, blushing when he reads one of Zayn’s accomplishments. (Zayn recieved his first job offer, his nervous smile gave me butterflies)

“I know.” Zayn’s smile is small, he moves towards Liam and sits in his lap. “I needed to be sure that I didn’t just think I loved you because you were fit, loved comics, and gave me attention." Zayn takes Liam's face in his hands, "Also wanted to make sure you liked me as more than a friend first.” Zayn’s peppering kisses all around Liam’s face.

Liam giggles, Zayn’s lips tickling his skin. His giggles quickly turn to a full on laugh, “You’re so dramatic sometimes Z.”

“Am not!” Zayn grunts.

“You acted like I found your secret stash of heroin!” He looks Zayn in the eye and Zayn shrugs.

“I didn’t want you to think I turned into a mush like you. You’re my mush, the only mush in this relationship.”

“Mush?” Liam’s still laughing, so Zayn pinches his nipple through his shirt. “You can be a mush too. Who’s gonna be my mush?” Liam smiles brightly and kisses Zayn. The soft kiss turning a bit desperate so Liam pulls back. “Now we’re gonna look through your memory box and cuddle.”

And that is exactly what they do. Giggling into each other’s necks at the stupid shit Zayn’s saved over the years. It's not organized at all, movie ticket stub mixed with random polariods and scraps of paper.

"Is this from my note book?" Liam blushes looking at the edge of a paper. 

"Maybe" Zayn chrips trying to snatch it back. 

It's a scribled down note from the week Zayn started calling Liam "Jaan". Z refused to tell him what it meant so he took to Google. The paper reads, 'Jaan = Life' in Liam's scratchy handwriting. 

"What else do you have in here?" Liam drops the subject, kissing Zayn on the cheek.

“Is that a McDonalds napkin?” Liam asks perplexed over the state of Zayn’s mind.

“It has your phone number on it! You gave it to me when we first met!” Zayn’s blush is the deepest Liam’s ever seen it when they aren’t fucking and he cannot take