s HP before taking out his soul and surrounding it in healing magic. He did it so fast he almost hit Blue.


“How did he get hurt?!” Blue screeched after also Checking Sans. He quickly joined Papyrus in healing him, boosting the skeleton’s HP to .05/1.


“I don’t know! He shouldn’t be! He didn’t hit his head when he fell, did he?!”


“I don’t think so!”


The two skeletons continued to panic as they focused on healing Sans, who let out a small moan. He could feel a soothing aura around him, calming and bright, even as he slept.


…


Blue had been sitting there all day, and Paps was starting to worry. After nearly draining all their magic, Blue should be sleeping like Papyrus had done immediately after his brother's HP was full and stable. He tried not to think about how they had to get it stable, the blood and wounds still fresh in his mind. His eyes drifted to Sans's arms, covered by his favorite jacket again, before he returned his gaze to his boyfriend.


Blue was sitting on the floor in front of the couch with his eyes stubbornly open and staring at the TV as if it was going to walk to the couch and wake Sans up on its own when he should be sleeping or eating or something to get his magic back up.


“Why don't you come and help me make tacos, Baby Blue?”


Blue shook his head. “I don't want Sans to wake up alone and...and.” He trailed off, looking up at Papyrus standing next to him, tears in his eyes. “I don't want him to do that to himself again. He doesn't deserve it.”


Papyrus dropped to his knees beside Berry and held out his arms. Berry fell forward into his chest, hiccuping out a small sob. “Why would he do that? Why would he…?”


“I...I don’t know.” Papyrus’s arms tightened around Blue, propping his chin on the top of his skull. He quietly hummed the theme song of one of MTT’s romantic shows.


He didn’t know what to do in this situation. Berry had always been the one to help him through the rough points, always the one that was rational and level-headed in times where he was hysterical. Blue was the one that knew what to do when he was too upset to think straight. It seemed wrong to be on the opposite end of this, comforting Blue when Papyrus wasn’t sure if he could handle it. He hadn’t even fully processed everything yet. But he would try his best to help. Berry deserved a break from being the strong one.


He was brought out of his thoughts by a soft, muffled snore. He chuckled quietly, stroking the skeleton’s back and moving them into a more comfortable position. Giving the skeleton now on top of him a small nuzzle, he fell asleep. They could all sort this out when they woke up.


…


Papyrus woke up to empty arms and an ache in his spine. He rubbed his eyes and sat up, expecting to hear Berry in the kitchen. When he didn't, he hurriedly pushed himself to his feet, looking around the room. His eyes landed on the couch where his brother was sleeping. There was something new, though. He was curled up against the chest of none other than the Magnificent Blueberry.


Honestly, he should have expected this. His brother often had nightmares, and they weren't quiet things. Papyrus had both the luck and unluck of being able to sleep through his brother's cries unless he called out with his magic. Blue was not the same. He was a very light sleeper and would wake up at the slightest things. His brother’s nightmares would obviously wake him.


Papyrus decided that it was time to get some food in their systems. He quietly Checked his brother before doing anything else.



Sans
1/1 HP
1 DEF
1 ATK
*Sleeping soundly.


He sighed and tiptoed to the kitchen. Gliding between the cupboards and counter, he got out all of the ingredients for spaghetti. He stared at them a moment before also getting taco ingredients out. It wouldn’t hurt to make both favorites.


Papyrus quietly hummed to himself as he got started. His thoughts wandered from his task almost immediately, his hands going through the motions even as his mind didn't. How would Sans react to them knowing about his destructive habits? He never wanted to talk, even when it was something simple and innocent. Now he would either have to explain why he did that to himself or feel guilty, because Papyrus knows he will blame himself for everything. He always did, without fail.


“Morning, Honey. What're you making?” Blue yawned as he hugged Papyrus from behind.


“Spaghetti and tacos. Do you….” Papyrus trailed off. He didn't want to seem like he was favoring his brother over his boyfriend, but he wanted to