lungs when that name, one true name shone through and chased the demons away, his troubled mind now occupied by soft yet unfulfilled comfort. Levi. His Levi. He'd touched but never owned, held him briefly but hadn't even breached the surface of what this man meant to him, his everything, his purpose. 

Levi crouched down on the step, trembling hands cupping Erwin's face and forcing their stares to connect, warm warm palms soothing and tentative. Erwin watched thin lips working together in turmoil, an internal war being waged within Levi also and he saw the mouth twitch into a sneer, teeth grinding against despair. 

"I…I knew…" 

The sentence couldn't be completed as Levi collapsed on Erwin, the pair falling back into the house and holding one another as if nothing else mattered. And for now, it didn't. Levi wept against Erwin's neck, burning tears stinging skin which had been witnessed only once before and Erwin choked on his own horrific memories, a life of emptiness suddenly explained in a single embrace. 

He'd been waiting for Levi. 

They grew still, motionless except for heavy breathing and Levi sniffed, throat cleared and voice thick. 

"I hope you fucking vacuumed recently." 

Erwin barked a laugh, one born from nervous release and he eased them upright, two reunited men sitting sprawled on the hallway floor. Red rimmed eyes met in the dim light, Erwin's foot kicking the door shut. He couldn't stop staring at Levi, wouldn't even try to rationalise this right now - the feeling of completion in his heart overtook anything else and Erwin held out an unsteady hand, desperate to have a smaller one in his after all this time. 

Levi paused, a rush of adrenaline eclipsing his whole body. He'd passed the house earlier on his way home, the usual numbingly boring day having taken another little piece of his resolve and crushed him further, but something had made him stop and look. At first he dismissed the glimpse as nothing, just a case of deja vu. Then the pictures had started, terrifying and real, driving Levi fearfully insane until he decided to approach the man who'd caused it all, ready to confront him about blood and death. 

When he'd set eyes on brilliant blue up close, all of that changed and Levi nearly dropped to the stone path there and then, held his feelings inside with difficulty and rushed away. 

Pacing for hours and talking to himself led Levi to Erwin's door once more, just to be sure, but again he couldn't speak and simply ran, their unbreakable bond eventually delivering him back where he belonged. 

At worst, Erwin wouldn't recognise him. At best, Levi would be able to…

He sighed through his nose, taking Erwin's hand lightly and a faint pinkish hue sprung onto Levi's cheeks, a blush which he hoped Erwin wouldn't see. His grip became stronger, needier, fingers linking into larger ones and Erwin smiled, clutching back. 

They didn't say a word initially, incapable of discussing exactly what this meant - a second chance in an era where dismemberment, dark decisions and loss weren't sitting on their shoulders every day. They had Freedom. Time. Eachother. 

Levi spoke first, shuffling closer and grabbing Erwin's other hand, up on his knees almost begging with his actions. 

"Why?" He wrenched free of Erwin's hold, framing his face again and getting dangerously near, their noses touching. "Why didn't we just…?"

The look of distress on Levi's face merged with joy, a strange combination that was soaked in need and he found himself on Erwin's lap, crawling further. Erwin placed his palms on Levi's waist, whimpering quietly at the contact. 

"I don't know, Levi." They did know, both aware of previous limitations but now that seemed like such a weak excuse. "I wish…I wish I'd…"

Erwin's expression said it all and they nudged with exploratory lips, taking tiny pecks at what had been so impossibly far from reach before. Levi curled his legs around Erwin's body, fingers flexing in and out of blonde hair as he struggled to contain the sobs which knocked against his ribs, fraught moans escaping between kisses.

"Erwin…I missed you…I fucking missed you so much…" 

It seemed crazy to feel such desolation after only realising a few hours ago, their awakening still in it's infancy however what they'd been through before, the past, their unspoken love…all of it smashed through common sense and manifested in the tangled mass on Erwin's carpet. 

Levi made quick work of Erwin's washed-out tee, mentally noting how threadbare it was and stashing that for later, wholly concentrating on the exposed chest he'd just revealed. There was barely time to lay shaking hands on it before Erwin seemed to tear at black fabric, hoodie and shirt yanked away to even the score and they sat entwined for a brief moment