Are you really? You know better than to touch yourself without my permission,” you asked, taking the nipple in her fingers to twist lightly. Leaning over to take the opposite one into your teeth, biting down enough to cause mild pain. “Naughty boy, wearing panties like that all day,” moving up to suck on his pale skin, just enough to leave a noticeable mark.  

A louder groan escaped his lips, as a blush began taking over his pale cheeks, his neglected cock twitched against the straining material of the panties.  “I-I really am,” he managed to stutter out.

You leaned back off his chest, taking the bottom edge of your sweater and pulling it off. “I guess that makes two of us being excited,” chuckling as you revealed a white lace bra. At last reaching behind to grab onto his swollen length, a small wet spot on the front of the sheer material. Your hand began to palm it, gauging his reaction. 

Aone looked up at you with a look of unrestrained lust in his eyes.  His groans echoed even louder throughout their shared room, as you continued pumping his swollen shaft.  A moment past with nothing but the sounds of his deep pants and groans.  His deep voice suddenly cut through the erotic moment.

“I love you…”  Aone sighed out, his chestnut brown eyes, emphasizing his tender words.  He looked at you like you were the world, and she truly was to him. You had come to understand him deeper than anyone in his life, he was truly grateful to have her.  His tender expression showed all of that in this moment…

An eyebrow lift as his deep voice reverberated in the room, stalling her movements. Eyes opening wider as a deep blush reached the tips of her ears. “D-don’t say that kind stuff right now! I l-love you too, Takanobu,” Leaning down to kiss him on the lips, to say you caught off guard by that was an understatement. While Aone wasn’t the most talkative guy around, he had a quiet understanding and respected you. 

“Are you good to continue, big guy?” you smiled as you moved to sit back up. 

“Yes,” He replied returning the smile, quickly getting back into character.  He adjusted himself on the bed in a more comfortable position, his dick still hard and pulling at the panties.  Aone kept his eyes trained on his girlfriend, watching as you stripped out of your clothes.

“Good,” Taking a moment to run your fingers through his short hair. You hopped off him to remove your pants and cast them aside, wearing matching underwear. Moving back to ghost your hand along his abs and to the waistline of the panties. Gripping his cock through the fabric and pumping twice. “How badly do you want these off?” you asked. 

His hips jerked in response, subconsciously wanting more friction.  An almost pained grunt leaving him.  “Very, very badly, master.”  His eyes taking in your nearly nude form, gaze glued on the matching panties that left nothing to the imagination. Aone’s cock twitched and pulsed in your hand as though emphasizing his wanton need for you.

A dark grin played at your lips, more of your sadistic nature starting to show. Leaning over to nibble at the side of his cock, you spoke: “Greedy. You don't want to please me at all, hm?” Carelessly tugging the fabric off his length to expose how swollen he is. “You're so intense when playing volleyball, care to show me that side of you tonight?” offering a chance for him to gain leverage. 

Aone knew exactly what you meant by that. As if on cue, he suddenly flipped you onto your back with a carnal growl, pinning down by your shoulders. Aone roughly ground his hips against yours, his swollen, pulsing member running against her still covered pussy.  He sighed deeply at the much wanted friction, and tilted your chin, scraping his teeth against your lips in a hard kiss.  “I can't control myself when you talk like that. I want to fuck you into this mattress until you scream for me, and only me.” He growled out, his voice strained with lust.

A low groan erupted from her throat, her hand reaching to pull on his hair harshly. A wave of heat hit your stomach, grounding your hips in sync with his. One finger grabbing the ring of his collar before speaking up. “I've been waiting for you to say that all evening.” Pulling him into a messy kiss full of teeth and tongue. “I always knew you had animal needs hidden behind your wall.”

“You're pushing them out of me, master.” He moaned when she pulled his short hair, grinding his hips harder against her, grinding his stiff cock against her wet panties. 

“Nope, I'm simply uncovering them, Taka-kun,” her laugh fading into a small moan. 

“Take these off, so I can fuck you like the animal I am.” Aone growled in your ear, nipping the sensitive cartilage.