receiving the greatest of care. But after listening for a few moments on how their relationship truly was, he was beginning to think otherwise.

Shouldn’t his son be his prime obligation over everything else?

The elder Akashi then took his leave, granting Kouki a direct view of the parental influence in Seijuro’s life. Rigid, anchored features. There wasn’t the ghost of a smile, if one ever existed on him. Perhaps he was stressed out about his son’s condition, and that was the reason for his behavior. Kouki knew it wasn’t his position to speak, to judge someone he had never met personally, but the man really didn’t seem to be attentive toward his son’s needs.

Not if he was going to argue with him instead of granting him his spare time for something more enjoyable.

Kouki waited for his full exit before heading into the room. He paused to poke his head through the doorway, assuring no one else was around; Seijuro’s gaze was instantly on him.

“You actually came back.”

He peered into those mismatched eyes, once more noticing the shift in the kid’s personality. This was far too strange, yet maybe it was a sign of his severe illness. Either way, Kouki was there for one reason, and that was to come through on his promise.

“Ah, yeah. I said I would be, right?”

A light smile twitched onto Seijuro’s lips.

“I really didn’t think you would.” Kouki could hear the relief in his tone. “Well, since you are, we can play something.”

Kouki pulled up a chair beside his bed. “What do you want to play?”

“Have you ever played Shogi?”

 He watched as Seijuro fished a board almost out of nowhere.

“Um… yeah, I have.”

The kid stared at him. “You are a terrible liar.”

Okay, so he hadn’t exactly played it, but he did hear of it and had seen others playing it. So, that counted, didn’t it?

“It’s all right. I will teach you. It’s not hard.”

Sure, not difficult for a six-year-old who apparently didn’t act anything like one. With how he presented himself, Kouki was certain Seijuro didn’t face any challenges.

Not unless he counted…

“Pay attention.” Seijuro’s voice snapped him back to reality. “See this piece here?”

Bit by bit, Seijuro explained the game to him. Or, tried to, as Kouki found it a tad confusing. Eventually, he was able to grasp enough to play one round, where Seijuro easily crushed him. The kid was far too confident for what a six-year-old should have been, but it was probably all he had right now. Everything else had abandoned and disappointed him, so why couldn’t he have at least that? Even if he was a bit too cocky.

It had been an hour after Kouki arrived, when one of the nurses came to collect him. Probably for more testing, more scans, which Seijuro was anything but pleased over.

“Will you come back tomorrow?” he stopped the nurse to turn behind.

Kouki didn’t miss the strange glance she was giving the kid that was apparently talking to himself.

“I’ll try,” he replied.

Though he already knew he was forbidden to.

 

 

 

 

 

 

He still did.

“You’re back.”

Despite the consequences he knew he would undergo after.

“Yeah. I am.”

“I’m so happy you came back, Furihata-san.” Those eyes were once more a gentle crimson hue. “Today we can play with this.”

 

 

 

 

Each day, they played something different, though Seijuro would somehow always sneak a round of Shogi in during the last few moments. He seemed to favor that the most. Aside from the stuffed replica of his horse back home he had told Kouki about and expressed how much he missed it.

Regardless of his brother’s warning, their adventures continued for a little over two weeks. He knew this was taboo, but he wanted to give Seijuro some happiness in his short life. Something he was lacking for probably quite a while, if he ever had any in the first place.

All in all, it brought Kouki a sense of peace. Peace he was going to cradle until he would meet the day where the boy’s soul would be harvested. He knew he was dealing with the inevitable, but if that day could be prolonged by granting Seijuro happiness and somehow miraculously improving his health, then he was willing to do so.

 

 

 

 

 

However, it wasn’t much later when fate decided she had delayed her journey long enough.

Kouki had been wandering through the hospital at his expected time, when he noticed one of the doctors speaking to Seijuro’s father and what he assumed were other family members. Startled by the words he was unfortunate to snag, he entered the room to encounter a pale, much paler than usual, child huddled in tons of blankets