, I guess!"

Edgeworth kept his arms crossed. "And you're telling me this... why?"

"I thought you might want to read 'em!" Larry again thrust the small packet of letters at Edgeworth, as if hoping this time Edgeworth wouldn't handle them like they were diseased. "You know, since I wrote 'em for you and everything!"

Edgeworth stared at the letters. There was no way he would ever hear the end of this if he didn't take them. With a sigh, he reluctantly took the papers from Larry, who grinned at him just like he did in grade school.

Like an idiot.

"Hope you like 'em, Edgey! I gotta go, I'm meeting Nick for lunch! Bye!" And then Larry was off, an orange blur back to his fastpaced life of nonsense.

Edgeworth looked at the letters in his hands. There was coffee spilled on one. This was going to be a long night.

---

It was three in the morning, and Edgeworth twirled his red pen idly. He should have been asleep, but he found himself compelled to continue reading the letters.

He'd never seen so many errors at once. It was almost unbelievable.

He underlined a misspelling of his name (was it really so difficult?) and read through the sentence again.


I wuz thinkin maybe you shuld come back and see us somedays. soon. we miss you!!


How did Larry ever manage to pass grade school? The red pen flicked down again and again.


whatcha doing? we hope your bein real smart and helping peeple in wherever your place is real good cause you helped us so much your probly helping them to!


Had Larry never heard of a period? It was like they'd done him some personal affront.


I dunno why I keep writing these... I don't think you'll ever get em. Should of asked for your address when you left...


Should have, should have. Who didn't know that? Edgeworth massaged his temples.


I guess its easier now that I know you won't read these... kinda like a penpal that never writes back, huh? I really miss you a lot... Nick's off doin his own thing now, and I wonder if he even remembers you sometimes. Doesn't act like it.


Sentence fragment. Apostrophes were not the enemy, Larry.


If you ever do come back, we should get together sometime and like, hang out maybe. I always thought we were good together, and I dunno, if you were up to that kinda thing, maybe we could like, get real close. If your into that, Im not sayin you are, or I am or anythin, just... you know, I miss you. Kind of a lot.


Edgeworth felt like a schoolteacher. "Dunno" was not a word, Larry, and that was not how you wrote "you're".


Love ya, man. Larry.


Improper form. Edgeworth stared at it, wondering if "sincerely" or "yours" would be more appropriate, and then pushed the letters off his desk, threw the pen to the floor, and walked to his bedroom. He'd had enough of this poorly written garbage. It was time for some sleep.

---

"So... what'd you think?"

"About what?" Edgeworth barely looked up from his paperwork, and Larry was trying to look as nonchalant as possible, which was nearly impossible for him.

"About the letters, man! You know, the ones I gave you to read and stuff? Don't tell me you threw them away!" Larry's eyes watered, and he looked at Edgeworth with a wounded expression. "You wouldn't do that to me, would you Edgey?"

"No, of course not." Edgeworth waved him away with a sigh. "I read your letters, Larry. How did you ever pass grade school with such poor writing skills?"

"Well, it wasn't easy!" Beaming with characteristic misplaced pride, and then he faltered. "But hey, uh... what did you think?"

"I think you need a remedial English course."

"No, like, about the letters. You know, what was IN 'em." Larry almost looked serious as he stared at him, and Edgeworth looked up at him, tired and blank.

"I could barely read them, Larry. I don't even recall what they said." Edgeworth was too tired for tact.

Larry had that wounded look again, although this time it didn't seem quite as hysterical as usual. Then, it was gone.

"Well, if you're busy that's cool, I just... if you get the time, it'd be cool if you read them, okay? I kind've spent a lot of time on them and like... hoping you'd read them someday..."

"I'll make a note of it."

"Great!" Larry's normally chipper voice, although something seemed off about it. Edgeworth looked