side. He had never liked graveyards or ghosts. He was always worried that the people who only lived once would despise him for his multiple lives.

In the spirit of the season, he squeezed Arthur's hand and smiled at the Brit. "I'm so thankful that I met you."

Arthur returned his smile with equal warmth. "Me too."

At that point, climbing into bed together wasn't a matter of warming up. It was a way to express the warmth he already felt in the center of his chest.

Alfred's extremely pleasant mood the next morning lasted until he checked his email and noticed one from Liz with the subject line 'Arthur Kirkland.'

He was tempted to skip it, but curiosity got the better of him. The email itself was remarkably short. Just a simple 'I think you should read this,' followed by a link to a newspaper article from five years earlier.

TEEN CLAIMS SOLDIER'S FORTUNE

The article described how Arthur Kirkland, then 18, had stepped forward to claim the fortune of a life-long bachelor and World War Two veteran named Edward Wright. Although no one knew the precise details of the soldier's bequest, his solicitor confirmed that the teenager had satisfied the rather peculiar requirements by arriving at his office on a date set in Edward's will and delivering the correct pass-phrase. Arthur had ignored all requests for interviews and set about living the life of a reclusive writer.

Alfred stared at his screen in silence. He read the article twice more, wondering if the words would change into something he could understand. But the truth remained the same. Arthur wasn't related to Edward Wright. He had never even met the man, if the article was to be believed. Alfred felt so angry at himself for being taken in by a sophisticated fraud.

He confronted Arthur in his kitchen. "Why didn't you tell me that Edward Wright wasn't your grandfather?" he demanded, balling his hands into fists.

Arthur blanched and some of his tea splashed onto the table as he set down the cup with a heavy thud. Despite his pale face and worried eyes, his tone was calm when he replied, "I never said that he was."

"That's bullshit and you know it!"

"You're one to talk. How old were you when your grandfather died?" Arthur scowled at him. "How could you possibly know him as well as you say you do?"

"I..." Alfred floundered for something to say.

Arthur pressed his hands flat against the table as he stood up. "And I don't appreciate you snooping around in my personal life."

"I think I have a right to know who I'm sleeping with."

"Maybe you should have thought about that before you slept with me!" Arthur shouted. "You don't know... I'm not..." His shoulders slumped as he squeezed his eyes shut, the anger on his face suddenly replaced with sadness. "I'm sorry, Alfred."

Alfred stared dumbly, feeling a sense of guilt wash over him. The gnawing feeling in the pit of his stomach reminded him that he didn't have the right to be mad at Arthur when he had also lied. He tried to think of something to say, some way to explain his own lies and omissions without going into the unbelievable details of his past lives. The last time he had told the truth, they had threatened to send him to a mental institution.

"Goodbye, Alfred," Arthur said, brushing past him before he could open his mouth to speak.

"Wait!" Alfred chased after the Englishman, catching him as he pulled on his coat at the apartment door. "Where are you going?"

Arthur yanked his arm out of Alfred's grasp. "I'm getting a hotel room. And a drink," was his only explanation as he walked out the door.

Barefoot and still in his pajamas, Alfred nevertheless followed him. He made it only a few feet onto the frozen sidewalk before realizing that he really needed his shoes if he wanted to race after the Englishman. Unfortunately, by the time he had found them and pulled them on, Arthur was out of sight.

Alfred tried calling Arthur's phone and checking the local drinking holes, but it wasn't until hours later that he received a call back.

"Arthur?" he said, picking up the phone with a sigh of relief.

A woman's voice responded. "I'm sorry, sir. I'm calling from St. Elizabeth's Hospital. Could I ask your relationship to Mr. Kirkland?"

Alfred felt his stomach drop to the floor. If the hospital was calling, it had to be serious. And if they were getting contact information from Arthur's phone, instead of Arthur himself, that meant that Arthur was unconscious. If he wanted information, he needed to pretend to be a relative. He considered claiming to be a fiance, but it was never clear how the religious hospitals would react. "Artie's my step-brother,"