're so hot.."

"You're so much nicer when you have something inside of you, you know that?" Harry panted between moans, staring up at Louis through a glazed over expression and a crooked smile.

"Shut up," Louis whined and sat back on the black dildo even more, reaching between his quivering legs to wrap a hand around his throbbing cock, but was quickly denied the self pleasure as Harry knocked his hand away to complete the task himself. With a low groan, he looked up at his roommate through long eyelashes, a blush crawling up on his cheeks, his hand curling around Harry's wrist. "F-fucking freezing.."

"Your dick doesn't seem to be complaining."

Louis' eyes dropped to watch Harry's mouth as he spoke and before he could stop himself, he leaned forward to suck the lower lip into his mouth, teeth biting the flesh softly. Harry whimpered and squeezed his cock gently, reaching his other hand up to grip the hair on the back of Louis' head and tucked him back enough to capture his lips fully, turning the bite into a heavy panted kiss that left the both of them trembling. It lasted a second before Louis jerked away, pushing Harry away from him and circling his own hand around his dick, sitting further back on the dildo with a muffled moan. "Fuck yourself."

"Great choice of words." Harry smirked as his spread his legs further against the dryer, eyes fluttering close as the dildo disappeared within him and his ass was pressed flush against the stainless steel. Louis watched the way his hips moved with calculated rotates before using his knees to slide himself up and down on the dildo, his moans becoming louder, his thighs trembling faster. Louis lifted himself off the black dildo to reach across and pushed Harry back just slightly, enough to allow his lips to trail a path down his glistening body, tongue swirling around one of the hardened nipples sending the younger man into a fit of moans and curses as he arched against the contact. He continued only after he successfully colored the sensitive area a bright red, his tongue leading him to the hem of the panties and further more, pressing his nose in between the hardness of Harry's cock and the tenderness of his inner thigh. Harry grunted and gripped a handful of Louis' hair when his tongue traced the outline of the cock wetly pressed against the lace material, flakes of his own dried come falling to the tumbling dryer below them. "You son of a bitch.. you son.. of a.. fucking hell.."

"Sorry," Louis pulled back with a smirk and raised eyebrow, peering up at the younger man with innocent eyes. "Did you say something?"

"I said I'm going to fuck you senseless once you stop teasing the shit out of me. Goddamn it," Harry tugged Louis up enough for their lips to graze against each other, their eyes locked so intensely Louis thought he might come just from the heat of it. 

He slid his hands down to grip Harry's hips and pushed him against the dryer, the younger man letting out a choked moan, eyes rolling to the back of his head. "Harder.."

Harry complied, surprisingly so, hips continuing their rotating movements, holding onto his biceps with every bounce that made his ass smack beautifully against the steel, shaking the dryer so hard it smacked against the wall. After a few more minutes, in which Harry's precome seemed through the worn panties and drips puddled in between his legs, he gained the upper hand to push Louis back, the older man laying down against the two moving machines, watching Harry grab the forgotten black dildo before lifting himself up enough to discard of the last piece of clothing on either of their bodies. Harry hovered over him, a hand gliding over the entirety of his body before wrapping around his neck and bringing their faces just inches apart, whispering a soft "I can't stand you" before parting quivering lips with his tongue and kissing Louis heavily, breathlessly, until both pulled away for a gasp of fresh air that smelled of linen.

"Harry."

"Lou.." Harry moaned weakly and pulled Louis' legs apart to slide between the warm thighs, sliding the length of his cock against his ass before guiding himself to the tight hole he couldn't seem to stop desiring. Louis' fingers drowned in the long black locks, lifting himself up enough to allow Harry to slid inside of him, the bottoms of his feet pressed against the back of the younger man's thighs as he slightly begged for more with a tug of his hair. "Un-fucking-believable.." Harry whined breathlessly as he hid his face in the crook of Louis' neck and began to snap his hips forward, every thrust accounted for as he searched for that sweet spot within Louis that made the older man crumble to pieces underneath him.

Louis' fingers traveled down to the strong shoulders whose muscles ripped underneath the tingling tips, nails digging into the sweat coated skin that he tasted with his tongue gliding up the pulsing vein along Harry's neck. His hips surged upward