just so voluptuous. Maybe Its maybelline!" You giggled and the boys gave you an amused smile and turned to your nurse.

"We had to put her on laughing gas since she was stuggling with us so much, it'll wear off in an hour. Her whole leg was snapped so it's all encased. You can sign her out but she needs lots of rest. I will come back with crutches and the discharge papers for you to sign."

They both nodded, "Thank you."

The nurse nodded and left, they both took a seat on different sides of your bed.

You giggled and whispered, "Dean. Come here. I gotta tell you something." 

Dean rose an eyebrow and leaned forward, you cupped his ear and whispered, "I love you. But shhh!!!! Don't tell anyone!" 

Dean laughed and leaned back, taking your hand,"I love you too sweetheart, everyone already knows it. We are together."

"Shhhh!" You looked at Sam, eyes turning to puppy dog eyes that you and Sammy do to Dean to always get away with shit.

"Hey Sammy?"

He nodded, "Ya?"

You batted your eyelashes, "Can I curl your hair one day?" 

Dean snorted and Sam looked horrified, "Uh- Probably not Y/N."

You whined, "But why not! You would look so cute!" You turned to Dean, "Wouldn't your brother look adorable with curls?"

Dean smirked at his brother, "Oh ya Sammy. Adorable."

Sam gave Dean a bitchface.

"Okay so hear are the papers," Your nurse handed them to Dean, "And here are the crutches." She sat those against the side of your bed.

Dean handed the clipboard back to the nurse when he was done filling them out and stood up, "Okay Y/N. You're signed out now so you need to grab the crutches so we can leave."

You looked at the crutches and grabbed one, poking Dean in the side with it, "Boop!"

Dean grumbled, "It's like talking to a high person." He helped you up and gave the crutches to Sam, "I'm just going to help you."

Dean wound your arm around his shoulder, his going around your waist and followed Sam out the door.

Giggling you said, "You have really big, strong arms Dean. Like is that normal to have that? Like you're strong and big, but lean and soft where it counts. That's like... That's just. Wow. How is that possible?"

Sam laughed outright, "Big, strong Dean."

You turned to Sam and smiled, "Who would win in a fight? Sam or you Dean? You both are kind of equally matched. There would be no winner."

Dean snorted and thank God they were finally at the impala, "Okay sweetheart. Get in back and take a nap. I'll wake you up when we get home."

You nodded and kissed his nose, "Okay!"

Dean smiled and kissed your head. Pulling back and shutting the door, getting in the front, where Sam already was in the passenger seat.

You fell asleep quickly.

~SPN SPN SPN~

When you woke up next was to being kissed on your lips. Just when you started reciprocating did they pull back.

You groaned, "No don't leave. Let me kiss you."

You heard Dean chuckled, you opened your eyes, "Maybe later. Let's get you out of the car."

Dean held the crutches out for you and you took them, standing yourself up.

Dean stood by your side while you hopped over to the bunker door, making sure you didn't fall.

When you got inside you groaned, all those steps to get down.

Dean chuckled and you were lifted off the ground, "Here let me." You held the crutches while Dean walked down the steps.

Dean sat you down at the bottom of the stairs, "Thanks."

You hopped over to the couch and sat down, exhausted. 

 "You hungry baby? I can go whip up some burgers." You nodded and gave Dean a thankful smile.

Dean left you to go fix dinner. You got bored quickly but notice the remote to the TV on the other side of the room.

Great.

You tried to grab your crutches but they fell and you groaned. Awesome.

Sam came walking by and noticed you struggling. He laughed, "Need some help?" He picked up your crutches, setting them back up for you.

"Can you hand me that remote?" You pointed to the remote and Sam nodded.

He gave you the remote and you turned on Game Of Thrones, settling back against the couch.

"Where's Dean?"

You answered Sam without taking your eyes off the screen, "Making dinner."

He nodded and left you to your own devices.

~SPN SPN SPN~

After dinner you decided to just go lay in bed, you were tired from the hunt and the hospital.

You stood up on your crutches and the brothers looked