that bastard play 'protective Alpha' with me after all the shit he's pulled."

 

There he is leaning into his palm again, huffing and puffing with clear resentment even as he greedily seeks out the pressure at his scruff. The laughter bubbles up out of JJ’s chest before he can even think to contain it, and the scrunched-up look of disgust that Yuri gives him doesn't exactly dampen his amusement . He manages to reel in his breathless chuckling, sighing out the last of it and gazing with what he hopes seems like fond patience at the omega sitting beside him. "Okay, I get it. So you’re only keeping me here ‘cause you haven’t figured out a decent solution yet.”

 

Yuri's scant brows furrow. "What?"

 

JJ’s not actually sure what could be so confusing about his statement, and for a moment he allows that unfamiliar phenomena known as ‘silence’ to creep back in between them. But the wary confusion in Yuri’s eyes only deepens, compounded by steadily rising annoyance, and eventually it seems that a little bit of clarification is necessary.

 

"I mean-" JJ purses his lips, raises his free hand and waves it vaguely towards the fluorescent lights overhead. "You hate my guts. Can’t imagine why, but you do. But even so, as soon as I tried to leave, you actually ordered me to stay! And while, true, I’m not surprised that you like a little petting, kitten-" Yuri's eyes are rolling again. It makes JJ grin. "- letting me do it? That’s not the Yuri Plisetsky I know!”


There’s something about the way that Yuri’s eyes snap back towards his face, wide and clear and suddenly unreadable, that gives JJ his own turn at unease. He rushes to bury it the way that he always buries unease, with a crooked grin and a laugh that’s loud enough to push Yuri into snarling at him again. That makes him feel better. If Yuri can treat him like he ALWAYS does, then that’s a solid step towards familiar ground for both of them, and he knows it. “So, I’ve been sweet enough to buy you some time to come up with a plan for yourself, but I’m afraid I might’ve spoilt you! How can you come up with a single candidate who’s even HALF as good with their hands as I am?”

 

JJ’s grinning, ready for the nasty remark that Yuri never fails to have ready on that sharp little tongue of his- but he feels the axis of the Earth lurch in an unfamiliar way when, instead of spitting something nasty and hurtful  into his face, Yuri purses his lips and casts his eyes downward. Abruptly, the silence is back, and it’s heavy in a way that it never managed to be before. It could just be the oncoming heat making Yuri too exhausted to fight, more complacent… but JJ seriously doubts that. After all, even when he came into the locker room nearly fifteen minutes ago to find a panting, trembling, musky-sweet smelling Yuri Plisetsky bent and retching over the sink, the omega hadn't shown him even a shred of weakness. Instead, he'd started yowling like a trapped alley cat, even as he stumbled back from the sink and JJ swept forward to catch him before he could bust his head falling on the cold tile floor. He dug his nails into JJ’s bicep, protested the whole way while JJ helped him over to the bench, and even though JJ had been doing his best to get him to calm down without being so presumptuous as to full-on scruff him the way his own alpha might, he eventually had to clap his hand over the back of Yuri’s neck and squeeze. After that Yuri went still, and every time he even BEGAN to change their positions relative to one-another, he was snapped at and ordered to back off. Or to stay put. Or to shut up, eventually, when Yuri apparently decided that his verbal reassurances were patronizing. Every step of the way, Yuri had refused to give up any ground.

 

So obviously, Yuri hadn’t suddenly gone quiet because he was readily fulfilling outdated stereotypes about delicate, subservient omegas. He was sitting there, staring own at the tiles between his leopard-print sneakers and just… contemplating. JJ was becoming much too aware of the space between them, the way that his skin tingled where they weren’t touching, hip to hip. The only momentarily subdued scent of a small but powerful omega in the earliest throes of a heat. Had he…  had he said something wrong? Something that hurt? JJ swallowed thickly.

 

"...You know, it's really weird that you’re not yelling at me-"

 

"Look, you’re not fucking wrong, sure." Yuri’s tone is cool and flat, and there’s a conviction in it that makes JJ stop short, pausing to listen. "If you count Viktor and