he was crazy.

Rodney glared. "Does this look like typical behaviour for Teyla? For that matter, does it look like typical behaviour for me?"

After a second, Ford shook his head. "No, I don't suppose it does, sir," he said, and stepped forward to grab one of Teyla's arms.

"Maybe," Rodney said with exaggerated patience as he watched Ford pick himself up off the ground, "it would be a good idea to try to subdue her in some fashion."

In the end, Ford put her in a choke hold until she passed out. Once they were sure she was unconscious but still breathing, Ford swung her up over his shoulder and headed toward the gate.

Rodney's hand was halfway to his radio when it clicked and Sheppard asked, "Ford? McKay? What's your status?"

"The situation is under control, sir." Ford sounded a little out of breath.

"We're heading for the gate, Major," Rodney added. "Something is obviously wrong with Teyla, and we need to get her back to Atlantis as soon as possible."

"On my way," Sheppard acknowledged. "Take her through as soon as you get there, but leave the wormhole open for me. I won't be more than a minute or two behind you."

Carson and his team made it to the gate room about thirty seconds after Rodney and Ford stepped out of the event horizon, and Ford looked relieved as they helped him shift Teyla onto the gurney. The gurney was wheeled away, but Carson stayed behind.

"What happened?" he asked, looking back and forth between Ford and Rodney.

Ford looked at Rodney, who could feel his face heating up.

"I was doing some scans of the ruins," he started, then stopped when he realised his scanner was still there, where he'd dropped it when Teyla first showed up. Carson tried to say something, but Rodney held up his index finger and then activated his radio. "Major, are you still near the village?"

"Yeah, why?"

"I dropped my scanner in the ruins on the gate side of the village. It should be on the path between a three-metre-high wall and a pyramid-shaped pile of stone blocks."

There was a melodramatic sigh. "I'll get it. I want you to know, though, that I'm not buying you any new toys if you don't take care of the ones you have, Rodney," Sheppard said, and the radio clicked off.

Carson was looking at him expectantly. Rodney lowered his voice and said, "Anyway, I was scanning the ruins, and Teyla came over to...talk to me." He really didn't need anyone else knowing it was his birthday; he had no idea how Sheppard had found out in the first place. "She came up behind me and—"

"Rodney," Elizabeth interrupted from behind him, "has anyone ever told you that you have an amazing ass? I'll bet I could bounce a quarter off it."

It was almost like déjà vu; Elizabeth's hands slid over the curve of his backside and he spun around to face her, barely registering Ford and Carson's shocked expressions.

"This!" he nearly shouted, pointing at Elizabeth. "This is the kind of thing Teyla did." He backed up a step and Elizabeth followed, her gaze raking over him like he was a side of beef. "Carson, do something!"

Ford and Bates stepped between him and Elizabeth and he was able to get a few feet away from her; he leaned against the wall, feeling marginally safer with it at his back. At least no one else would be sneaking up behind him.

He looked up to see Carson giving him a speculative look as Bates led Elizabeth up the stairs to her office. "What?" he demanded. "I know women tend to find me incredibly sexy, but I've never had to actually fight them off before. Well, there was that time with Sam, but—"

"You seem to be the point of commonality here, Rodney," Carson said. "I'll need you in the infirmary for some tests."

He shook his head adamantly. "No way, Carson. Not with Teyla in there. And I'm not going anywhere there might be women, either. I'm going to go lock myself in my...room." He'd been going to say 'lab' but then he'd had a sudden flash of Perkins—irresistibly blonde Perkins, with her infamous Photoshop skills and her digital camera—and he'd suddenly decided there was only one safe place to be in Atlantis.

"All right," Carson said, sighing. "I suppose I'll have to come to you, then."

Rodney pushed off the wall and headed out of the gate room. About five metres along the corridor that led from the control room to the living quarters he passed Peter Grodin, who turned and called after him, "Dr. McKay,