slowly sliding his crotch against it, and then moved in a rhytm, a move where he fucks the ground. Kewl. He purposely position his ass in front of Zayn so Zayn could see it. As Niall pushes his self against the ground, he then ran his hand to his butt, as if seducing Zayn.

The girls we're going crazy so the interviewer had to stop Niall. "All right! Niall Horan everybody!" Niall stood up and went to his seat, beside Zayn of course. "Wow, Niall you got some pretty sexy moves in there." Niall just chuckled and smile at the interviewer choice of words.

"Okay, boys, as you know there are some pictures swamping the internet. Well to be specific, it's a picture of Zayn and Niall almost kissing. Oh my. . . . So the two of you, are those picture real?"

"Nope not at all. I admit Zayn's a handsome guy but if I'm gay then probably he's. . ." Niall pauses then continued with a smirk, "not my type."

Zayn pouted, "Well what if I was really into you, Niall?"

"Then, I wouldn't hesitate to tease you all day, all night. ." Niall answered, slowly moving forward to Zayn's ear. "Just like this." Niall's fingers softly traced Zayn's jawline, tickling the Pakistani.

The other boys laughed at the two's playfulness, but it wasn't really playfulness for them. It was something even deeper than playfulness.

• •

After the interview, the boys went back to their house. It was night, so the boys decided they could watch a movie and after that they could get some sleep.

Louis and Harry went straight off the kitchen as Liam hurriedly searches for a movie when suddenly Louis yelled, "Liam, don't you dare pick Toy Story again!"

Liam obviously pouted but continued to search for movies at the DVD rack but later settled down for 'Titanic.' Once he got the DVD, he then turns off the lights and place the disc on the player. Louis and Harry just got in before the old Rose started narrating her story.

Obviously, Niall took the chance to give Zayn another tease.

"Oh Zayn, how come you don't like me?" Niall whispered gently against ear. "Maybe you do, you're not just honest with your feelings. But don't worry, I'll save this tight hole for you. And only you." The blonde boy nibbled Zayn's ear, hands slowly crawling to the tanned man's crotch. "I want you to fuck my ass so damn hard that I can't walk so that people knows that only you owns my body. I'll ride your big, fat cock 'til I'm numb." He started stroking the obvious bulge appearing on Zayn's pants.

Zayn held his breath, biting his tongue. He can't say anything oh he wouldn't but Niall knew the boy too much even his weaknesses. Niall unzipped Zayn's pants, slowly pulling the garter and taking out Zayn's cock, freeing it. Niall's mouth gaped open, his body was being driven by lust. It was his first time seeing Zayn's cock more than that, feeling it. He was over the edge now that he can't stop himself. It was huge. It's longer than Niall's hand, handful indeed. It's thick as well. He didn't even realized he's mouth was open until he felt a drool almost slipping off at the corner of his mouth. He started stroking it, feeling every inch of it. Zayn tried to deny it but he couldn't the feeling was to good to be true. "Ahhh." Niall heard Zayn let out (only audible for Niall), making him smirk. It was the cue for Niall to stroke Zayn's cock even harder and faster. He did and when Zayn moaned softly, Niall knew Zayn was close to cumming so he stopped. He stopped before Zayn could cum. And before they knew it, the movie they were watching was finished. Zayn already got his boxers up and pants as well when the lights were turned back on. Each of the boys, placed the pillows back they took to the couch. Giving their good byes, bonus the yawn.

Niall head out straight towards his bedroom, definitely tired from the events of today and kinda satisfied with what he did with Zayn. 'Serves him right.' Niall thought. He then lazily hops on to bed, tugging his sheets to cover his body, leaving his head of course. He slowly shut his eyes and drifted off to sleep.

Some time later, Niall could feel something bumping onto his lips. He didn't care to open his eyes in thought that it was just a fly or anything it would go away too but then the bumping got a little persistent and it was way more bigger than a fly. He opened his eyes, "