with confusing serenades.

 

Over the weekend Harry searches his entire music library for a song to answer Louis with. He’s decided that if he’s going to sing back to the golden man, he might as well do it right. By the time Monday rolls back around, he’s ready.

Or, he thought he was.

But when he walks in the room, Ed Sheeran on the tip of his tongue, he’s not expecting what greets him.


 Hike up your skirt,  little boy 



 and show your world to me 



 In a boys dream.. In a boys dream 


The whole class goes silent, awkward coughs and shifting from the fellow students in their seats. Even the Louis groupies are sitting with confused looks on their faces. Harry’s just staring at the King himself, who’s starting to look unsure of himself for the first time. He clears his throat, mouth opening and closing, but seemingly at a loss for what went wrong.

He got the words wrong. Not only that, but the words suggest something that has him blushing along with everyone else in the room.

Finally, Harry’s mind kicks into gear and he goes for it anyway. He doesn’t know why he chooses the new lyrics, but it feels right to respond now from the same song Louis chose.


 Who's got their claws 



 In you my friend 



 Into your heart I'll beat again 


His voice isn’t very steady and he can barely hear himself over the hammering of his heart in his ears, but Louis’ lit up like the sun and those sparkling eyes are beaming at him, so he takes it as a win. That is, until Louis hops down from his usual perch atop his desk and starts making his way over.

Harry watches like a startled deer as the shorter man comes closer, and Harry had somehow never noticed the difference in their height. Louis always seemed larger than life, filling up every room he was in like a giant icon. He comes to a stop a foot from Harry, and the smile he shines up at him could power the whole of England.

“Didn’t think I’d never get you to answer, Curly.”

“Thought you were making fun of me.” Harry knows he’s pouting, but he had truly been hurt that first day. He watches as the man’s face crumples, a concerned frown taking place of the smile.

“Why would I…?” the class is watching them now, and Louis catches the way Harry shifts uncomfortably. Surprisingly dainty hand taking him gently by the waist, the older boy leads them out of the room and outside. He carefully leads them to a secluded area before returning to their conversation. “Do you not...do you not remember me?”

Now it’s Harry’s turn to be confused. “What do you mean?” Louis can’t possibly be talking about the party, could he?

“Back in March, Niall threw a party. You were there, yeah? Looked like sin dancing in your tight skinnies and hair plaited back.”

“ You remember that?!”

“Of course! Do you know how long I tried to figure out who you were?”

And Harry feels thrown now, because all he can think of was that moment at that first football game. “I attended all the home games after, you looked right at me! Niall was being loud while the team was stretching, and you’d looked right at us.”

“Oh. I-hold on.” Now Louis digging out what looks like a lighter from his pocket, and Harry is utterly confused until he flips the top and pulls out a pair of fold up glasses. “Don’t wear them a lot, not unless I’m at the back of class and the professors got writing on the board. Bit near sighted, can’t see over distances too well.” he gives Harry a sheepish grin. “I knew it was Niall, everyone knows that cackle of his, but you sorta looked like a faceless student from the field. And, hang on,  all the home games???”

Harry’s blushing again, he knows, but he decides to finally get an answer after all this time. “Why did you disappear that night? You just seemed to vanish into thin air all of a sudden. Tried to find you for half an hour before I had to give up. Thought I’d imagined you.”

Louis rubs at the back of his neck, looking apologetic. “Ah, yeah, that. One of my mates had come up and dragged me away. Turned out a friend of mine’s ex was harassing her, and I just couldn’t leave her like that. Ended up escorting her back to her dorm, and by the time I’d gotten back to the party you were gone.” he winces slightly, and looks up at Harry with remorse. “I’m sorry I didn’t say anything to you, but I really hadn’t had the chance.”

Having all the information laid out before him, Harry asks the