too. No way I’m going to finish this if you keep whining in my ear about John Hughes.”

“What are you working on?” 

“Calculus.”

“Can I copy it tomorrow?” Killian asked hopefully. 

“Only if you do the history questions and let me copy those. I really don’t feel like reading about the Battle of Lexington and Concord.”

His mother pounded on the door again. “Killian!”

“All right!” he yelled back. “Look, Neal, I’ve got to go. I’ll copy your calc homework tomorrow.”

“But what about—?”

He hung open before Neal could remind him about the history work. They both knew perfectly well he wasn’t going to do it, anyway.

 

 

Because Drama Club only met twice a week, Killian didn’t see Emma again until after school on Friday. He walked into the theater, pulling his headphones out as he walked down the rows of cushioned seats. 

“Ahem.”

Killian’s head snapped up to see a very irritated Emma standing a few feet away from him, her arms folded tightly across her chest. 

“What?” he asked, too nervous to move any closer. “Am I late?”

“You didn’t have a free hour all week?” she hissed, walking toward him. “Not a single one?”

“Er—”

“Just come on!” she snapped, yanking him by the wrist. He inhaled sharply at the pain, tripping over his feet as she stormed down the rest of the rows, up the steps to backstage, and over to the ratty old couch. 

“Bloody hell, woman, you nearly took my arm off!” he said when Emma finally released him. He glared at her, rubbing his wrist. “You know, you’ve got a nasty habit of doing that.”

“Sit down,” she ordered, pointing to the seat beside her. 

“Tyrant,” he spat, but he sat down all the same. “What? What do you want?”

“I have a proposition for you.”

He raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”

“Not like that.” Emma rolled her eyes. “It’s what I wanted to talk to you about—when you were supposed to text me, and didn’t.”

“Maybe I just didn’t have time,” Killian said defensively. “You said when I was free, how do you know I just wasn’t free?”

“Because you don’t do your homework, you don’t have a girlfriend, and you’re too lazy to have extracurricular activities,” she said flatly. 

“You’re making assumptions.”

“Okay,” she shrugged, leaning back and folding her arms. “What homework were you working on?”

He blinked. “Uh—”

“What’s your girlfriend’s name?”

“It’s, uh—”

“What extracurriculars are you in?”

Killian closed his eyes, clenching his teeth. “All right. Point taken.”

“Be quiet, Gideon,” she said, holding up her hand. Emma’s eyes shifted around, as if she were checking to make sure no one was listening, before she leaned in conspiratorially. “Okay,” she said in a low voice. “This is… kind of a crazy idea—”

“I’m not helping you kill anyone,” Killian said instantly. “I won’t last the night in prison.”

Emma frowned. “Why is that the first place your mind goes to?”

“I’m just saying, I really don’t want to be someone’s prison wife.”

“It’s nothing illegal!” she said indignantly. “What’s the matter with you?”

“Is that rhetorical, or are you genuinely interested in it? Because I believe it stems from my parents favoriting my perfect older brother—”

“It was rhetorical,” Emma said, talking over him. She took a deep breath. “Look…you may have picked up on this, but…I’ve got quite a crush on your boy, Neal.”

Killian raised his eyebrows, gasping mockingly. “No…”.

“Shut up,” she scoffed. “I like Neal, and I know you’ve got it bad  for Ruby.”

Oh, Ruby. He felt a dreamy smile spread on his face as he thought about her long, silky hair, blowing in the wind…her crystal blue eyes fluttering open as she laughed a musical, lilting laugh…the curve of her lips as she smiled a seductive little half-smile—

Emma snapped her fingers in front of his face. “Focus, dude.”

Killian blinked several, shaking himself alert. “What? Yeah, no—focus. Right.” He scratched his head, looking around the room. “Er… what were we talking about?”

“Neal and Ruby,” she said impatiently. “See, I like him, and you like her. Now, I know you’re too much of an asshole to do this out of the goodness of your heart, so here’s my deal.” Emma looked at him