another breath.

 

“dumbass.” he mutters. 

 



III



 

Hinata glares up at the large poster of Aqua Man that takes up the majority of his cealing. His controller lies beside him, abandoned, as Hinata allows himself to drown in ‘deep philosophical thought’. 

 

‘Deep Philosophical Thought’ being his current situation, of course. 

 

Suddenly his most treasured poster, the life size Aqua Man one, seems to only further remind him of how childish he is. When Kageyama had came round his house for the first time, his immediate thought was to snort at Hinata’s gigantic poster, toss his duffle bag onto the bed and tell him that “Aqua Man is the worst Super Hero of all time, stupid.” The comment seemed to shine a new light on Kageyama, and what kind of person he was. It occurred Hinata that Kageyama at least knew enough about Super Hero’s to be able to identify Aqua Man, and comment on him as a character. Even if Kageyama was Wrong, it had stabbed a weird twinge in Hinata’s heart to know that Kageyama wasn’t just a walking volleyball death machine— but a walking volleyball death machine who obviously had a bad taste in super heroes. 

 

Now, however, Hinata had begun to question himself. After all, it was becoming abundently clear that Hinata was, perhaps, not as mature as he thought he was. Shame lurches in his stomach as remembers the cool press of bathroom tiles, stained clothes littering the stall floor. 

 

 Apparently, he lacked some sort of insight, or experience, that put him a beat behind the rest— and maybe a lousy and babyish taste in super hero’s wasn’t helping his situation. Although, it’s not like he can actually reach his cealing to tare down the poster, anyways, so for now Aqua Man was staying where he was.  

 

His phone which lay next to his controller vibrated angrily, reluctantly pulling Hinata from his thoughts. He flips it open, with a message from Kenma. 

 


Shouyou, your character hasn’t moved for 5 minutes. 


 

Kenma’s not wrong, Lucio hasn’t moved from the middle of the map, where about 5 opposite team members swarm Hinata’s Lucio with hit after hit. There’s a stream of angry messages in the left hand corner from other people playing, frustrated that NextLittleGiant hasn’t moved or done anything to help move the payload. 

 

He sighs, picking up the controller reluctantly with his left hand and typing a reply to Kenma with his right. 

 

srry, he tries to type, almost dropping his controller, wa s think in 

 

He frowns at his TV screen, as one rude player tells Hinata he’s more useless when he’s moving than when he was staying still, some desperately trying to remind him that’s he’s playing support and therefore should probably be in bounds of the people he needs to heal. He’s about to type out a rather hefty insult back (yeah, well u suc) when his phone buzzed again. 

 


About? Game strategy?


 

Hinata hums, staring at his phone and randomly button smashing with his controller. He contemplates telling Kenma about his current problem, and seeming how Hinata is running thin on people who would probably at least pretend to listen, he finds himself hitting dial. 

 

“Shouyou?” Kenma answers, not particularly sounding surprised, but not uninterested either. 

 

“Kenma, I have a question.”

 

“…Okay.” 

 

“So, you know how me and Kageyama are a… thing right?”

 

“Yes, you’ve told me before.”

 

“Yeah well, we’re having a problem.” 

 

“Shouyou, I’m probably not the best person to talk to about this.”

 

“But you have to be,” Shouyou whines, kicking his sheets in frustration, “you’re the only guy I know whose dating another guy.” He hears Kenma shuffle, Hinata able to picture the awkward way Kenma shrinks in on himself when he becomes embaressed. 

 

“You promised you wouldn’t tell anyone about me and Kuro.” Kenma mumbles from the other side of the line. 

 

“And I haven’t!” Hinata protests loudly, “but I still need some guidance. Please, Kenma, you’re my only hope.”

 

“Don’t think you can charm me with Star Wars quotes, Shouyou.” 

 

“Okay fine, but please at least try and help me.” He hears a defeated sigh.

 

“On your left.”

 

“Whah?”

 

“On your left, there’s a Tracer on your— oh never mind. I’ll get it.” Hinata turns his attention back to the screen to see Kenma’s Genji quickly leap from its hiding place and slash at the Tracer which had just appeared in front of Hinata. 

 

“Oh, thank you!”

 

“It’s fine. What did you want to ask?” 

 

“Have you and Kuroo-san ever done anything? Like in, you know, that sort of way.” There’s a beat of silence on the other line, and for one moment Hinata thinks Kenma’s hung up.

 

“That was… blunt,