Sam didn’t have the heart to awaken the angel for he was sleeping like, well… an angel. 

In that case, the human was supposed to go find another room to hit the hay, except he was dead tired and in no mood to cramp in a bed or couch too small for him. And his bed was large enough for two overgrown bodies. And maybe he wasn’t that uncomfortable with the idea of sharing a bed with Cas. They were just friends, who were just going to sleep. 

How cute the angel looked asleep with his trenchcoat over him was completely irrelevant.

So Sam took a drowsy shower, dressed in a soft t-shirt and sweats, and lied down beside his friend, careful not to shake the bed too much. Castiel barely even stirred, still on his side with his back to Sam, and despite their bodies not touching, the warmth radiating from him felt cozy. Sam didn’t take long to fall asleep on his side, his own back to Cas.

By the morning, back-to-back had become back-to-chest; Sam awakened to an armful of very confused angel, squinting back at him over his shoulder. “Sam?”

The hunter stared back with similar, sleepy-confused eyes. He had one arm wrapped around Castiel’s waist, the other sprawled over his raven head, and all felt so warm and nice that he never wanted to move. “Sorry, Cas.” He finally muttered, hesitantly letting go of the embrace. “I wasn’t aware I…”

“No, I am sorry.” Cas scrambled up from the bed quickly, tugging on his trenchcoat as it fell. “I occupied your bed when you needed it. You should have awakened me.”

“Hey, it’s okay.” Sam sat up, feeling light-headed and awkward, and detesting the cold upon his friend’s departure from the bed. “You needed it too, it seems.”

Cas glanced back at him, his hair all trussed up and his forehead crinkled in confusion. Frankly, he looked adorable. Along less innocent adjectives. Sastiel. Sam felt his face heating as he remembered that stupid word he invented himself once. “So, uh… Rested well?” 

Castiel blinked once, then his gaze dropped to the bed Sam was still in; blue eyes made a quick once over, then halted on Sam’s chest. That large, warm wall he had felt on his back. Safety. “Yes,” he blurted in his lowest tone, and quickly walked out of the room before the Winchester could say more.

Sam stared after him with something in his chest he couldn’t really name, then turned back to the still warm spot Cas left on the bed. A smile tugged at his lips. This hadn’t been so bad.

Prompt: NSFW.

Sam felt his heart hasten as he stared into Castiel’s piercing gaze, only a few inches away. Some kind of tension had been building between them ever since that cuddling incident in his bed, but Cas often ran before it could peak. Now he stood unmoving at Sam’s door, inside his personal space and showed no intent at stepping back. It reminded Sam of the angel’s old persona, when he had met the Winchesters years ago: Confident, fearful, and shamelessly curious. Like the day he brushed his lips against Sam’s…

Oh, that was a thing that had happened, although both had forgotten after a while. But that Castiel had returned now, and Sam wasn’t totally against the idea of picking that whatever back up. 

“You needed something, Cas?” He asked quietly, licking his lips. His friend immediately caught the motion and seemed to struggle with focusing. “I think so,” the gruff voice finally replied, “I…”

“Wanna come in?” Sam stepped aside to let the flustered angel in, feeling his own face heat as he closed the door. Then, it was the hunter who approached this time, invading the angel’s personal space as he turned to Sam, looking a little conflicted. “So?”

Castiel was fixated on his lips again, and wetted his own before speaking: “… I feel desire.” Sky-blues roamed over the tall form for a moment. “But I’m not sure if it’s mutual.”

Sam’s eyes softened at that, a little smile forming on his lips. So, his time on earth had taught the angel about consent as something deeper than a simple ‘yes.’ As an answer, he reached up to cup a stubbled cheek, slow as to give Cas time to reconsider. But his friend leaned into the touch, and didn’t resist when Sam drew him in for a kiss. 

It was a real kiss now, with closed eyes and reverent lips, and a sense of completion. It felt sweet and gentle until Cas opened up, then suddenly Sam was kissing wind and dark clouds, it almost overwhelmed him. He gasped and shuddered and the air suddenly changed; Cas let out a sound -a growl