of. Entwined fingers, a kiss on the nose, a tickle and fond laughter.



They are also insecure embraces and a frown that won't go away. A nightmare that lingers even when they open their eyes and a worry that stays stuck at the tip of his tongue for the rest of the day. 

In ten years, will they still have mornings like these?




"You worry again." Hajime says. He flicks Tooru's ear (but it is more like a caress, if he’s honest), and Tooru whines. He looks up, frowning and then: "Yeah."



Hajime holds him closer, as if to make sure to scare the bad thoughts away, or to make them his own too, whichever comes first.



"Then stop," he murmurs, kissing Tooru's forehead.



Tooru nods and his grip on Hajime's back tightens. Hajime sighs. He sits up, out of Tooru's embrace. He is regretting it immediately. Cold air hits his spine like reality, and he wishes they could stay in the safe castle made of sheets, blankets and countless cushions a little longer. He feels Tooru's hand sliding up his spine and there it is, his safe haven. No matter if it is on the court or at home, Tooru will always, without exception, have his back. 

Scary

, Hajime thinks. Scary, how much trust people can put in one another.



He turns back to Tooru, taking both of his hands and squeezing them. He leans closer, to kiss him. Tooru is already meeting him halfway and Hajime's eyes close. 

Scary

, he thinks. 

Beautiful

, he feels.



Tooru's hands struggle in his hold, but he doesn't comply. He holds them close to his chest, close to the place where his heart was supposed to be.



In reality, his heart is already in Tooru's hands. Maybe it was never Hajime's to begin with. And maybe Hajime always searched for his lost heart, to take it back, only to find it in Tooru's possession, calm and steady. Beating and alive. Scared but feeling at home.



"So young but your forehead is already all wrinkly and ugly," Tooru interrupts his thoughts. His voice is dipped in honey and affection and his eyes say different things than his mouth. 

Such a hypocrite, Hajime. Telling me not to worry when you worry enough for both of us.




"Shut up."



Tooru laughs when Hajime pushes him back to the bed, lifting his captive hands above his head. He looks at Hajime with so much trust that Hajime has to blink, just to make sure he's awake.



Tooru's eyes are fixed on Hajime's and when his smile slowly widens, Hajime knows he's fucked.



"Kiss me, Hajime?" Tooru whispers.



Hajime does. He kisses him and Tooru kisses him back, little pecks and then sheer desperate kisses that tear Hajime apart, not one by one, but all at once. Like an explosion.



It takes Tooru a second to have them turned around, Hajime pinned to the bed, Tooru's hair in Hajime's eyes and his hands all over Hajime's body. Lithe, stealthy thieves that take and take and take.



Hajime lets them.



More like stealing, it feels like coming home, beneath Tooru, completely at his mercy. And merciful he is (somewhere at the back of Hajime's mind lies an awful pun about the merciful great king, but now is not the time for it, not yet).



"Hold me." Tooru says, sitting up and straddling Hajime's hips. He takes Hajime's hands into his and presses them to his sides. Hajime's fingers attach to his skin like magnets.



Tooru leans closer, kissing him on his forehead, then cheeks and lips, he showers him with tiny pecks that he presses softly to Hajime's stubble. Tooru grumbles something about shaving but his thumb traces it as if he appreciates it (he does).



He grinds against Hajime, slow and deliberate and he throws his head back for a show. His smile is sweet and torturous, making Hajime clutch Tooru's sides helplessly.



He enjoys having Tooru at his mercy, on his back all lost and desperate, begging him. But there is a part of him that loves being the one exposed, and pinned to the bed, liking it when Tooru guides his hands to his sides, to his cock, to his lips. Holding him still with a look and his knees, pressed to Hajime's sides, holding him like the captive he is.



Tooru's lips are pressed to his, but he is too focused to have Hajime's hands right where he wants them, so instead of kisses, Hajime gets Tooru's messy hair, splattered on his forehead, obstructing his view.



Tooru's breath hitches when Hajime's fingers brush his ass. His own are wrapped around their cocks, jerking them off.



His tongue licks Hajime's upper lip, but he's sloppy and