at something he said and slurring his Korean and Mandarin together, making no sense to anyone but himself. Joonmyun thinks he hears something in English, too.

Yifan lets the now empty bottle clang against the gravel below their butts and Joonmyun watches it roll a little bit before it comes to a stop between his legs.

"We're drunk and you're still thinking too much," Yifan comments, slouching back and looking over at Joonmyun with hazy eyes. Joonmyun shakes his head.

"I'm not," he huffs out and looks away. Yifan always wins, he always makes Joonmyun talk when he doesn't want to. He wants to win against Yifan, just this once.

"Not what? Drunk or thinking? Because you're definitely both." Yifan reaches over and knocks his knuckles lightly on Joonmyun's head. "Trust me, I know."

"You're drunk, what do you know," Joonmyun mumbles and Yifan laughs next to him, bright and loud and gummy smiles. His stomach churns again and he clenches his jaw, forcing back whatever is fighting it's way out of his body.

Joonmyun never wanted this, he never wanted to share this. He never wanted Yifan, but now he doesn't know where he would be without him. He never wanted depend so much on one person to keep him sane, but Yifan's presence alone keeps him more grounded than anything he's ever known before.

It's not that Yifan understands how he feels, because to Joonmyun, the older seems pretty fearless. Carefree.

It's that Yifan listens and tries to understand, tries and tries and tries. When Joonmyun won't talk he coaxes the words out of Joonmyun's mouth with promises and encouragements and understanding.

Yifan always chides Joonmyun telling him they're in no rush to do anything when Joonmyun can feel the anxiety crawling under his skin and up his arms. There's always big hands holding him firmly in place and dark searching eyes making sure that yes, he really is okay.

Yifan doesn't do things how Joonmyun would, he doesn't chase until his feet are bleeding and his lungs burning, he lets things happen as they should be. He grabs onto speeding cars by chance that take him to a new place and new people and he settles in, happy and content. Yifan has never stopped and thought about the consequences like Joonmyun does every second of the day, he accepts things as they are. Feelings as they are.

Joonmyun will lock himself away and think until he has a headache and then think some more, he waits for cars to stop and asks if it would be okay if he caught a ride. He worries and stresses till he's sick until the circles under his eyes make it look like he's been punched in the face. Joonmyun questions everything and rethinks it again. He never takes a blind step he doesn't put himself in places where he's unfamiliar in fear of the unknown.

Joonmyun had never been a people pleaser, but that's all he is now.

"I know that I love you," Yifan smiles at Joonmyun who's frozen in his spot. The older turns to face Joonmyun and rests his chin in the palm of his hand. "Don't look so scared."

"I'm not," Joonmyun whispers, his mouth dry. Anxiety crawls over his shoulders and down his back and makes him shiver. Yifan wont win.

"Stop lying so much, I know when you're lying."

"You're drunk," Joonmyun blinks, stares. He's terrified, he doesn't know else how to feel. This is an uncharted step, unfamiliar and scary.

"Joonmyun-ah," Yifan mutters and moves forward. Yifan has never thrown him into oncoming traffic. He's always waited at the other side for the light to turn red and for Joonmyun to cross safely. He has always let Joonmyun take his time. "It's okay, yeah?"

Joonmyun gulps and stares at Yifan, silently pleading for him to just wait this one last time. Joonmyun has never loved anyone. He needs to think.

"No thinking," Yifan shakes his head and suddenly his big hand is on Joonmyun's cheek, thumb skimming over his skin, wiping away tears Joonmyun didn't know were there. "Get out of your head. Take this risk."

He sounds too sober, too sure. Joonmyun has never taken risks, not until Yifan. His chest is heaving as Yifan's hand moves down to rest on his neck. He hears the screaming car horns in his ears as Yifan moves to push him in front of them.

Yifan's too close, he can smell his cologne and soju on his breath. Yifan nods a little and Joonmyun is shoved into the traffic without another word.

Yifan presses his lips against Joonmyun's and Joonmyun lets out a sob as he lets himself relax into Yifan's arms and their lips move together. He moves to kneel in front of Yifan and twists his fingers