.

 “Liam?” another moment passed before Zayn fully registered what was happening.

“WAIT LIAM!?” He quickly sat up wrapping his arms around his lover.

“Happy birthday baby boy.” Liam said kissing the top of Zayn's head. They pulled away from the tight and embrace, Zayn attaching his lips to Liam’s. “I can't believe you came, I missed you so much li” Zayn whispered before pecking his lips, savoring every second of this moment. Liam pushed Zayn back onto the bed “are you kidding Z? I wouldn't miss this for the world.” he whispered against his lips leaning down for another kiss. This one sloppier than the previous ones. Liam lightly nipped at Zayn's bottom lip trying to gain more access. Zayn tugged on Liam's jacket as the kiss got more heated letting him know he wanted it off. Liam took the hint shrugging off his jacket and throwing it onto the floor, bringing his hands back up to zayn's jaw grabbing onto him and keeping him close. He felt himself growing hard, feeling a bit of precome leaking from his tip. Wanting to feel closer he started grinding his hard on against Zayn's growing one, a sheet and clothing in between but both men let out small moans at the contact anyway. Liam ran his hand under Zayn's shirt leaving goosebumps as his cold hands circled Zayn's bare stomach. His right hand made it's way to Zayn's nipple grazing it with his thumb. Zayn moaned beneath him bucking his hips up faster to meet Liam’s in a desperate attempt to satisfy himself. 

Liam pulled away from the kiss rolling Zayn's shirt up, Zayn pulling it off completely Liam following suit pulling his own shirt off. Liam pushed the bed sheet to the side revealing Zayn’s bottom half in only boxers. He then proceeded to leave sloppy kisses down Zayn's neck till he reached his nipple. Placing a small kiss on the areola, before letting his tongue swipe across it lightly sucking. He heard zayn's whimpering moans beneath him as he kept sucking on his nipple. Detaching his lips he moved back up to zayn's collarbone wanting to leave a memory of this in the morning.

 He sucked at the same spot slightly nibbling till he was satisfied with the big purplish mark. “Now you can remember this in the morning.” Liam whispered.

 “I wouldn't want to forget.” Their lips met each other once more, their grinding continuing, but Zayn wanted more. He undid Liam’s jeans tugging them as far as he could, Liam helping him get them completely off. Now only the thin materials of both their boxers separated them. Liam grabbed Zayn by the waist flipping them over so that Zayn was now straddling him. Liam’s hand moved to Zayn's small bum squeezing both cheeks then proceeding to tug Zayn's boxers off. Zayn's now exposed bum grinded down on Liam's clothed cock almost begging for it, but Liam had other plans. He lightly smacked Zayn's bum before groping it again. He spread Zayn's cheek a little and index finger circling the rim, causing Zayn to moan into Liam’s mouth. “Sit on my face baby.” Zayn nearly moaned at Liam’s demand, but instead just nodded and obeyed turning around so that his bum was now in his boyfriend's face. “Such a pretty hole” Liam said loud enough for Zayn to hear as he left a trail of kisses along zayn's bum avoiding the rim just long enough to tease Zayn. “Leeyuuum” Zayn said in a pleading voice. Liam took that as a hint to move along. He pressed a kiss on Zayn rim before licking a fat stripe along it. Zayn was whimpering mess as Liam's tongue kept leaving small kittens lick before circling the rim with his tongue. Liam held Zayn's cheeks apart allowing him better access to the rim as he sloppily licked getting every angle but one. He went at it that way for a while before plunging his tongue into the hole, what Zayn had been waiting for. “Oh fuck!” Liam's tongue fucked in and out of Zayn’s rim sometimes leaving it to lick around the rim again. Adding to Zayn's pleasure liam took his index finger sucking on it first, then inserting it into Zayn's hole along with his tongue. Zayn moaned loudly and he kept a steady pace fucking into Zayn with his tongue and finger before adding a second. Zayn couldn't control his moaning he was in euphoria. 

Wanting Liam to feel pleasure, he tugged Liam’s boxers down with shaky fingers. He grabbed Liam’s cock licking at the head before putting it into his mouth. Liam moaned beneath him continuing to scissor 2 fingers in Zayn along with his tongue as Zayn took his cock all the way to the back of his throat. Zayn's rim began pulsing around Liam's tongue only turning him on more. Both men were whimpering messes. Zayn pulled off Liam’s cock with a pop before