among us with a mud bath.”

Sam cackled at that.

Evan grimaced.

 

 

After a very uncomfortable visit to the infirmary, followed by a too-cold shower, Evan finally got into the elevator and headed up for the lab levels. He poked his head into the botany lab shared by Drs. Parrish and Simmons. “Hey doc,” he said.

“Major,” Parrish said, sitting up a little straighter. “You’re back.”

“Right on time,” he said with a shrug of his shoulders. “I’m pretty beat though, so I’m gonna head home. Just wanted to stop in and see if you wanted to grab a bite to eat?”

“Sure.” Parrish nodded slightly. He quickly shut down his computer and tidied up his workstation, then accompanied Lorne to the elevator. “How was your mission?” he asked.

Evan shrugged and leaned against the wall of the elevator. “Long and tiring. Not so bad though, until the natives dumped buckets of mud on me.”

Evan expected him to laugh, as everyone else had, and when no comment followed, he opened his eyes. David was eyeing him with a tight smile.

“What’s wrong?” Evan asked, straightening a little.

“Nothing,” David said too quickly.

“Bullshit.”

“It’s… you’re tired. You don’t need the extra burden right now.”

“David-” Evan started.

“Later,” he promised. “We shouldn’t talk about it here anyway.”

Evan had learned to trust his judgment, even if this worried him. He waited until they were on the surface, well past the gates into the mountain, before prompting him again.

“Are you okay?” he asked first.

“Yes, of course. It has nothing to do with me.”

“Then what-”

“Let’s get you fed first. And perhaps rested.”

 

 

Dinner – technically it was more of a late lunch, but Evan’s whole internal clock had been knocked off kilter – was a quick, quiet affair. They stopped at the greasiest fast food joint on the way hope, picked up a couple of the juiciest burgers, and ate in silence the rest of the car ride home.

“Why is it that of all the worlds I’ve visited, none have invented the hamburger?” Evan asked. “But at least a dozen of them have had rituals that involved covering me in various viscous fluids?”

“I’m not sure I have the answer to that,” David said. “Perhaps the lack of a decent cow-like creature is a significant factor. And most of the cultures in Pegasus are very under developed, due to the Wraith presence.”

“I suppose. Doesn’t excuse this galaxy though.” Evan yawned as they walked into his apartment. It was small and barren studio; only a bed, desk, and a handful of dishes resided there. All of his belongings had been put into storage when he’d left for Atlantis, and since their return to Earth, he’d only just found a place, hadn’t had much time to take things out of storage yet. “You need to get back?” he asked.

David shook his head. “I’m waiting on a few lab samples, but they won’t be ready until morning, and I can access anything else I need from my laptop, while you sleep.”

Evan hummed happily and fell into the bed, face first, fully clothed. After a moment, he could feel David’s hands removing his shoes.

“You sure you want to sleep in your clothes?”

“S’better than mud,” he said against his pillow.

David kissed his forehead, then settled into the desk with his laptop. Evan started to drift off to the sound of clacking keys.

“’M sorry,” he said, shifting to face the general direction of David, though through hazy eyes, he couldn’t quite see him.

“What ever for?”

“For not having more time,” he said. “Since coming back… I’m off world most of the time, and half the time I’m here, I’m catching up on sleep. I’ve not been a very good boyfriend.”

“Nonsense. You’re the best boyfriend I’ve ever had.”

“That’s a depressing thought,” Evan mumbled.

David got up from his chair and knelt at Evan’s side. “The distance between us in unimportant,” he said, kissing his temple.

 

Through his exhaustion, he almost forgot.

 

His sleep was restless at best. He dreamt of the worst things – of David dying a slow, agonizing death, or Atlantis begin taken from them, of Replicators and Wraith, and explosions that shook the tower.

He awoke sometime after the sun had set, but David was still awake, now sitting in the bed next to him, reading. Evan turned over, glancing at his watch to discover that little more than three hours had passed since they’d left the SGC.

“Okay, tell