He needs to keep things confident and controlled, he can't bear to have sodding Sherlock realise that he's sort of a virgin at this. He takes a deep breath. Fake it 'til you make it, mate, that's what it takes. He knows there's supposed to be a prostate in there somewhere but he's damned if he knows where to go looking for it. Not the sort of thing they covered in school in his day. You got your information from the older boys sniggering together behind the bike shed and the old Playboys under your dad's bed. 

He's desperate to sink his cock into that tight hot space but that's the other problem with his school years being quite so long ago. It doesn't just pop right back up these days, the way it did back in his teens when he was still trying to be a punk rocker. He needs to keep Sherlock occupied for a bit and he doubts a cup of tea and an invitation to watch a rerun of Come Dine With Me is going to cut it. The finger fucking is good - bloody marvellous actually - but he suspects he'll need to keep switching things around to keep that twitchy mind fully engaged.

The texts that had lured Sherlock here so unexpectedly had been all about using him for Greg's pleasure, so he suspects now is not the time to get concerned about Sherlock's welfare. He pulls his fingers out with a squelchy pop, obscenely loud in the quiet room, does a quick grope of Sherlock's groin to confirm that the man is actually hard, and contemplates his next move.

"Get up and strip," he orders. "You're going down on your knees and you're going to suck me hard again." Sherlock levers himself languidly off the couch and obeys with an easy elegance that leaves Greg dry mouthed, shrugging off a clearly expensive silky grey shirt and dropping it casually on the floor. There is a sardonic curl to his lip that makes Greg suspect that Sherlock considers this all rather pedestrian. Fucker, what can he do to surprise him? He'd love to shove something up that arse, keep Sherlock on edge while he sucks. But he doesn't exactly have butt-plugs or dildos lying around his flat. He's never had this kind of love-life before.

Next time he'll be better prepared. Lube, paddle, buttplugs, vibrator, maybe a bit of rope, perhaps a blindfold, all stuffed down the back of the couch. And won't that go down well if he happens to bring some nice girl home instead?

So what can he use? One of the phones? Wrong shape. And John really would never forgive him for that one. Telly remote? Awkward. Beer bottle? Nice long smooth neck. But no, he knows the horror stories about odd objects being stuck up there and the consequences. Police do get called out for some very strange things now and then. 

Suddenly he has a wild idea. But he'll have to leave Sherlock for a moment to make it work. "Kneel," he orders Sherlock - a very naked Sherlock, oh God, no don't get derailed now. He summons up his very best Officer of the Law voice. "Kneel, wrists crossed behind your back, eyes closed. And wait for me." Sherlock gives him a curious look, a considering stare as if he's deducing what Greg's up to. Greg keeps his face as blank as possible and thinks about the soil comparison studies Anderson had been wittering on about yesterday. Finally Sherlock slides down onto his knees with a liquid sensuality that leaves Greg breathless.

Trying to keep on track, he hurriedly gets rid of his t-shirt and boxers and pads into the entrance way, pulling open the drawer of the little desk where he dumps post and keys and spare change. Yes! He'd remembered correctly. At that awful Yard Christmas party someone - probably Donovan - had filled his wallet with tacky bright red ribbed condoms with pictures of mistletoe on the packaging. He'd dumped them all in the drawer and forgotten about them. He grabs two, one for now, one for later. If only Sally could know what he was going to use her present for. The thought of the look on her face gives him slightly hysterical giggles. 

He heads into the kitchen, to the fridge. There in the largely empty depths, next to a tub of yoghurt past its sell-by date, a hunk of slightly mouldy Gouda cheese, and some half-eaten pizza, is a courgette. Mrs Henderson next door had given it to him, had told him she'd grown it in her allotment, had told him he was a nice young man and he needed to take better care of himself. She'd told him you could use it to make a very nice veggie pasta bake. He wonders if he should tell her that he is contemplating shoving it up the arse of his much younger and very male lover. Perhaps not.

Having carefully