back home, and even though he’s surrounded by people, he’s never felt more alone.

* * *

He runs every morning and every evening and sometimes in the middle of the day, because running is what he knows. It's something familiar and strangely comforting now that he can run because he wants to and not because he has to. Sheppard usually joins him in the mornings, struggling to keep up but stubbornly following every step of the way. Some of the Marines sometimes join him in the evenings, challenging him to races that they cheerfully lose. After a while he grows to enjoy the company, but some days he steals away and goes off alone, craving the solitude and the sound of his feet against the ground, the pounding of blood in his ears.

It takes some time to realise that he has choices again. That he can decide when he wants to be alone and when he wants to be around people. He can decide who to talk to and when and what to talk about and that no one can make him do anything he doesn’t want to.

He sleeps in his bed now, but he still keeps his weapons close at hand, and he still wakes up at every sound. He’s beginning to get used to having access to all the food he needs and he doesn’t hoard any longer even though he can’t shake the habit of always keeping a snack within easy reach. He has nightmares and he gets restless, and some days it’s all he can do to keep his anger under control so he won’t destroy another punching bag in the gym, but on a whole, it feels like he’s beginning to settle in.

* * *

Ronon doesn’t miss sex, not really. It feels like something that was a part of his old life on Sateda and doesn’t fit into this new one. His body seems to have other ideas though, like it’s starting to remember those sensations along with the feeling of being full and warm and rested. One night he wakes from a dream, remnants of images of faceless, soft bodies still whispering in his mind, and he realises that he’s hard. He shoves the blanket aside, a little surprised to see the bulge between his legs and then he just lies there, looking at it. It would be easy to slip a hand inside his pants, to touch himself, but he can’t quite bring himself to do it, isn’t even sure if he’d remember how. He waits instead, barely breathing, until his erection slowly goes away and he can go back to sleep.

After that, it’s like his body has decided to start pay attention to those desires again. At first, it always happens in his sleep. He wakes up grinding his hips into the mattress and for every time, he lets it go on for a little longer before he stops. He never finishes it, doesn’t really know why, just that he’s not quite ready for it yet.

Then it starts to happen in the shower. He’s soaping up, running his hands over his body to wash away the sweat and dust from an off-world mission, and suddenly he feels his cock beginning to fill in his hand. For a moment, he just stands still, breathing slowly in and out, holding himself loosely. Then he makes the conscious decision to move his fingers, stroke slowly up and down. It feels good, better than he remembers. He speeds up, begins to pant slightly, reaches out his free hand to steady himself against the bathroom wall. He lets himself get close before he pulls off and opens his eyes again, feeling the blood thrumming hotly through his veins.

He gets out of the shower and dries off, still hard, and then stands in front of the bathroom mirror for a long time, studying his own face. Clean now, skin still a little flushed from the shower and the rediscovered arousal. Beard trimmed, tanglebraids neat and tight like they haven’t been in years. Unless you look at his eyes, you’d think he’d never been a Runner at all.

* * *

He’s sparring with Teyla the first time it happens in public. She’s managed to get him in a hold, his back against the floor, a bantos rod against his collarbone and a knee against his groin. Before Ronon can make his brain react, his body does, eagerly pushing up against her. His pants get tight and his skin gets hot and his breath catches in his throat.

Teyla backs away immediately, eyebrows raised, eyes wide and a little surprised and a lot amused. Ronon takes a deep breath and gets himself under control, incredibly grateful that it’s Teyla and not Sheppard, who would probably get weird about it, or one of the Marines who would get even weirder.

“Sorry,” he mutters. “I’m sorry, I...”

“No, please, there is nothing to apologise for...”

“I’m not,