in the locker rooms.

“What can I do for you, Colonel?” Rodney asks, and there’s a light in his eyes that sparks something in Sheppard. He’s not even sure if its real, or if he’s imagining the look McKay gives him, but he is so full of desire that he can’t see anything else. It’s all the encouragement he needs to follow him into his room. He hardly waits for the door to close behind them before taking Rodney’s face in his hands, and kissing him, hard.

It takes Rodney by surprise, and it shows. In an instant, all of John’s bravado falls away because this? This was a huge mistake he was making, one that he can’t take back, can’t fix. He’s not sure he can live with it either.

But then Rodney’s lips are moving with his, returning all of it with equal force. His hands are roaming, and every touch seems almost too much – he’s all nerves, but this? This is everything John wants. He wants to savor every moment of it, the taste of Rodney’s lips, the feel of his skin. He never wants to stop.

They break apart long enough to strip each other of clothes, but the moment is far too long, and John hungrily kisses him again, guiding them toward the bed.

“Is this okay?” he whispers, because as much as he wants, he doesn’t want it if Rodney isn’t sure.

“Yes. God, yes,” Rodney says, and John thinks just hearing those words, the way he says them, it might make him come right there.

He kisses Rodney’s ear, his neck, his shoulders, his chest. There is no part of Rodney he doesn’t want, but he takes it slow, takes the opportunity to focus all of his attention on each part of him before moving on. He could do this forever, he thinks.

He hears Rodney whimper a little as he kisses his hip, and he is right there. Rodney is hard, aching for John perhaps as much as John is aching to give this to him, to have all of him. John kisses the head before taking him into his mouth; Rodney lets out a little gasp, arches as John moves up and down his shaft.

It’s only a few short motions before Rodney is coming, and John feels a surge of… something, though he isn’t sure what, but it stems from knowing that he has this power over Rodney, and he wonders if Rodney knows how much power he has over John.

He kisses his stomach and his chest before rolling to his back, lying shoulder to shoulder with Rodney, and takes his own erection into his hand. He knows it won’t take much, that he’s already so fucking close, but Rodney brushes his hand away, won’t let him take care of it alone.

“Rodney,” he moans, as his lips brush against his chest. He knows he’s not gonna make it, if Rodney keeps this up. Every touch burns like hot coals, like ice water running down his spine. Rodney’s mouth is finally around him, and he’s coming in an instant. Overcome with extreme giddiness, he can’t help the laughter that escapes his lips. It’s the best felling in the world. Of all the things he could have imagined – and he has imagined it – this is better than all of it.

And later, when his body has finally stopped buzzing from what he thinks might be the best orgasm of his life, when he’s on the verge of falling asleep, he feels Rodney get out of bed.

“Rodney?” he asks, but doesn’t receive a response. Probably going to the bathroom, he thinks, and starts to doze off again, but when several minutes pass and Rodney is still not back, he sits up to look around.

Rodney is on the balcony, with his face buried in his hands, and for a moment, John feels a twinge of dread, but squashes it down, and walks out to the balcony. He starts to wrap his arms around Rodney’ waist, starts to kiss the spot where his shoulder meets his neck, but Rodney’s whole body stiffens like a board, and that’s when all the dread pours back into him. He let’s go immediately, settles into the space next to Rodney, arms close but not actually touching. He watches Rodney, a million thoughts running through his mind but he doesn’t even know where to begin. He doesn’t know how to apologize for what happened, how to return to just friends.

“What are we doing here, Colonel?” he asks. John tenses. If he thought he was somehow going to make it through this, he was wrong, because this is going to break him.

“I don’t know, Doctor,” he says, and