way down the red carpet as quickly as he could. He needed to apologize for his fuck up and he needed to do it now. He couldn’t have this happening. Not tonight. 

He and Siva eventually made their way into the building and shuffled into a small elevator to the terrace. 

Zayn immediately had the doors close so that he and Siva could get a moment alone together. 

"I’m so, so sorry for that babe. It just slipped out I—"

"It’s all right, Zayn. I get it, I really do. He’s been the one who’s done this kind of thing with you for years. It’s just habit. Don’t fuss about it really," Siva said sternly, gripping Zayn’s shoulders. "We don’t need to do this now." 

Siva leaned down swiftly and kissed Zayn strongly and passionately, lettings his hands slide down Zayn’s arms. 

"Tonight is about you. You’ll always have me." 

The elevator rang a faint bell and the doors open to reveal the extravagant set up on the terrace. 

Zayn could hardly believe it. The place was absolutely packed with guests, from friends and colleagues, to A-list celebrities and industry professionals. Bar lined one end of the terrace, with two bartenders expertly tossing and mixing drinks to perfection. A DJ was set up at the far end, spinning tracks off of Zayn’s album. 

"D’you hear that, babe? That’s your music. You did that,” Siva whispered into Zayn’s ear as they stepped out into party. Zayn couldn’t find the words to respond. He was completely in awe of the scene before him. All these guests coming to meet and congratulate him, telling him they’d been waiting for him to release his own stuff for years. It was mind-boggling. 

"Ho…ly…shit…….Zayn, look…" Siva trailed off, his mouth agape. 

"What? What’s happ—" Zayn stopped short. He saw who was coming toward him and he couldn’t believe it. 

"F-F—rank Ocean?!" 

Frank clasped Zayn’s hand and pulled him in for a short hug. 

"Excellent work, man. This album is good shit man, real good. You’ve got a real talent for this." 

Zayn could barely form words. One of his music idols was actually at his album launch, and actually liked his music?! 

"I—I don’t even know what to say. Just…thank you so much! I’ve looked up to so much I can’t even begin to tell you I—" he knew he was rambling and he stopped himself, clearly embarrassed by his starstruck behavior. 

Frank laughed earnestly, patting Zayn on the back. 

"You keep doin’ what you’re doin’, Zayn. This is the music you were meant to make. This is you." 

Frank dapped Zayn up once more before shaking Siva’s hand and making his way over to mingle with other guests.

Zayn and Siva looked at each other, mouths agape in total excitement. 

"Holy SHIT man I can’t believe it! Frank fucking Ocean! This is completely mad!" Zayn gushed, struggling to keep himself from jumping up and down like a little schoolboy. 

Siva looked at him lovingly and laughed. “This is the real deal, Malik! What’d you expect? I’m going to go get us some drinks to celebrate,” he said excitedly as he left Zayn to hurry over to the bar.

Zayn decided it might be a good time to give the terrace a once over, mingle with as many guests as he could before it became too exhausting and overwhelming. All these people were here to support him, after all. Giving them a simple “Thanks” was the least he could do. 

He was talking to a few musicians that had come out to support him when suddenly, he felt two arms wrap him in a familiar and loving embrace.

"Well hey there, superstar. Long time, no see!" 

Zayn felt a shock run through his body. He’d missed hearing that voice and feeling the warmth of that embrace for so long. 

"I didn’t know you’d be here, Harry." 

He took a moment before he turned to face Harry. It’d been so long since he’d seen him, he didn’t know if he could without having all of his feelings come rushing back to him. 

"Have you already had too much to drink? Of COURSE I’d be here! Did you really think you could let this thing happen without your biggest fan being here?" Harry gushed excitedly. 

Zayn had missed seeing that smile so much. Those dimples had always made him weak at the knees, and that puckish twinkle in his eye had Zayn hypnotized. It always had. 

"It feels so weird doing this without you, Haz," Zayn muttered. "I almost don’t know how to." 

Harry shot Zayn a cheeky smile and playfully