Liam before finally shooing off the flushed lad.

-

He turned to Liam and his stare softened. He stood right in front of Liam, putting his hands on Liam's hips. Liam rose one eyebrow as Zayn closed the space between their bodies. He looked up and down the now empty hall and smirked slightly.

"You aren't very loud." Liam shook his head, his heart pounding and butterflies exploding in his stomach. Being this close to Zayn was like a wonderland to him.

Zayn leaned down to Liam's ear and smirked against the shell of it. "I'll change that." He whispered huskily. Liam's eyes widened as he placed his hands on Zayn's chest, breathing out a shaky breath.

"H-How?" He asked quietly. Zayn pressed light kisses to Liam's neck before smirking his infamous smirk against Liam's neck. "Let's take this somewhere else." He rasped, taking Liam's hand and leading to the bathroom, locking the door in the process.

He pushed Liam up against it as Liam was breathing heavily, the slightest bit of heat hitting the pit of his stomach. "What... are you doing?" Liam shakily breathed out. Zayn bit his lip and brought his face closer to the aroused boy. "Have you ever had your first kiss?" Liam nodded slowly, not knowing where this was going. "Well have you had anything more than that?" Zayn whispered, taking Liam's earlobe between his lips.

Liam gasped at the new feeling, shaking his head vigorously. Zayn chuckled and faced the brown-haired boy. "Them how about you let me show you." Zayn connected their lips, putting his hands on the small Liam's back. Liam was too shocked to comprehend what was going on. Zayn was kissing him, and like he expected, he wanted more and more of it.

-

Liam moved his lips with Zayn's slowly, loving the feeling of his lips on his. Zayn licked his way into Liam's mouth as the younger lad took Zayn's bottom lip between his teeth, kneading it. Zayn was surprised by the way Liam did something more dominant, making his cock rise up and twitch in the confinements of his ripped jeans.

Zayn pulled away, leading his lips down in a rhythm of biting and sucking on Liam's jaw line. "Zayn..." Liam said, louder than the black-haired boy has ever heard him.

Zayn moved his hands to the sweatpants that Liam had been wearing and slid them down his legs as it bunched up at his ankles. "I want you to say my name as loud as you can." Zayn growled to Liam, pressing his hand against the whimpering boys erection. Liam threw his head back and moaned, echoing off of the porcelain tile walls. Zayn smirked and caused friction with his hand and to Liam's clothed cock.

"Zayn... oh God, Zayn..." Liam breathed as he desperately tried to find something to hold onto. He pulled Zayn's black v-neck of his head, trying to feel some type of skin contact. He put his hands flat against the tanned chest, his breathing getting heavier as Zayn unbuttoned the plaid shirt, as it hung loosely on top of Liam's shoulders.

-

Zayn moaned at the sight of Liam shirtless. He always fantasized what his body look like, the outcome greater than what he thought. "God Liam, why don't you show this more often instead of wearing those damned shirts?" Liam chuckled nervously and took Zayn's hand away from his erection and put it in his hair.

"Take the jeans off." Liam demanded softly, pawing at the black material. Zayn chuckled at Liam's eagerness and helped him slide down the trousers that were causing to much pressure to Zayn's aching cock.

Once he stepped out of the bundle of clothing, he kissed, sucked, licked, and bit down Liam's pale and toned body. "Oh, Zayn..." Liam strangled out from the pleasurable feeling.

Zayn slowly got on his knees, smirking up at the squirming figure. "Z-Zayn, do you think it's right to do this in the school bathroom?" Liam said quietly, afraid that someone could walk in, even though the door is locked.

"It'll be okay, love. The only thing that will happen is for someone to hear you moan my name." Liam's breath caught in his throat at Zayn's words and tangled his hair into the black hair.

Zayn took the tip of Liam's leaking cock in his mouth, swirling his tongue around it. Liam moaned softly. He didn't want to be loud since teachers are still in the building. Zayn pulled off of him briefly and smirked.

-

"You can be as loud as you want, nobody's gonna stop us." He slurred, instantly attaching his mouth back to Liam's leaking cock. He bobbed his head as he looked through his thick, black eyelashes and into Liam's lust-