for all of us than a wedding?" He then looked at Jongin fondly, who shyly pushed at his chest when Jongdae started to tease them.

 

The evening air was warm. The smell of spring clung to Sehun's skin as he walked through the hall. Baekhyun had been kind enough to give him some of the bath oils that they had used when they bathed together and Sehun scoffed when he remembered that Baekhyun had kissed him. Baekhyun does fail to remind him that they had kissed either. Perhaps Sehun should have drowned him.

"Sehun,”

Sehun recognised that voice and turned on his heel to find Yixing standing at the end of the hall that led to the hot springs. Sehun stood frozen as Yixing walked toward him.

"It has been a while." Yixing said.

"It has."

"How have you been?"

"I have been fine." Sehun said. "How were your travels?"

"I miss the water," Yixing replied and a pout threatened to pull at his lips. "There is not much of it here."

“No, there is not." Sehun chuckled. “But the flowers are beautiful.”

“They are, are they not?” It was quiet and Yixing cupped his cheek. "I missed you."

"I," Sehun stuttered. "I- I missed you too." He said quietly.

"Were you always this timid?" Yixing teased and Sehun frowned.

"We are out in the open, what if someone were to see us?"

"And if someone did?" Yixing said, "What would you do?"

"I do not know." Sehun said truthfully. "But I would follow in your lead."

Yixing looked up at Sehun, and let out a pleasant hum as he brushed the loose hair away from Sehun's face to tuck it behind his ear. They stared at each other for a moment before he talked. "How are you going with the mission I assigned you? Do you think that you would be able to assassinate Jongin?"

“What would you do if I were to fail?” Sehun asked instead. “Would you have my head?”

Yixing’s smile was pleasant as he delicately ran his fingers over Sehun’s neck, pausing at his adam’s apple. “Yes.”

“But I am already yours,” Sehun said and Yixing chuckled. “I know that you would not kill me. You love me too much to see me die.” It was a bold statement. One that Sehun had never been brave enough to voice in the past.

Yixing paused and there was an unreadable look in his eyes. Sehun remained silent, but the tension in his shoulders relaxed when Yixing smiled. His voice was gentle. “It would pain me to see you die, for my heart is yours as much as your head is mine.” He stared right through Sehun. “I do not think that I could bring myself to kill the man that I love.”

Sehun’s eyes widened before he bowed his head slightly to hide the dusting of pink across his cheeks. “My King…”

“Say my name, Sehun.”

“Yixing,” It was not often that Sehun said Yixing’s name, but it did not feel foreign on his tongue. It was an intimate moment and Sehun glanced up at Yixing through his lashes. His gaze flickered down briefly to the parting of Yixing’s lips before he met Yixing’s eyes. “May I...”

“What is it?”

“May I steal a kiss?” Sehun’s voice was soft.

He cupped Sehun’s face with his hands and pulled Sehun toward himself. “You may.”

Sehun missed Yixing’s touch and sighed into the kiss that the latter pressed to his lips. He could feel Yixing smile as he circled his arms around Sehun’s neck and tongued at the seam of his mouth. Sehun parted his lips to let Yixing kiss him slowly — thoroughly. He felt like home.

“Although,” Yixing said as he pulled away, breath slightly laboured and his lips were wet. “If you were to fail, I am sure that I could find a suitable punishment for you.” He trailed a hand down Sehun’s front and curved his palm over Sehun’s crotch and kissed him again.

“Am I interrupting something?” Came the familiarness of Baekhyun’s voice and Sehun stepped away from Yixing with reluctance.

“You were,” Yixing chuckled. “But we could always make up for lost time.”

“You must be more careful,” Baekhyun chided but tried to hide the smile that played on his lips. “There would be talk if someone saw the King of the South kissing a whore.”

“A whore?” Yixing’s brows knit together and Baekhyun grinned.

“I had told Minseok that I rescued Sehun from a whore house and took him under my wing.”

“Very smart.” Yixing said as he examined Sehun. “He does make an excellent whore.”

“My King-” Sehun’s eyes widened.

“The silk looks good on you. It might be something that I invest in for when you return to me.” He said.

Sehun felt