guy, the wedding is outside!"

"Yes, yes I know." I shrugged her off and looked at the clock. "It's my break. I'll be back in 30 minutes." I told Touka going into the employees lounge.


I paused when I saw my reflection. White hair. Even if Hide and I are soulmates based off of destiny it doesn't feel like it. Ever since the operation I've been completely different from Hide and let Hide never cared. He only ever cared if I was happy or not. Hide didn't care if I was a ghoul.



~Flashback~


When I opened my eyes everything was blurry. I blinked a few times and saw that I was in a hospital room. The last things that I remember is my date with Rize. But she's a ghoul, I didn't die though.

The door opened and a nurse came in, "Ah! Your awake! Let me get the doctor." He said walking back out of the room. A female doctor came into the room and smiled at me, "Hello Kaneki Ken, I'm your doctor. Do you remember anything from the accident?" She asked me.

I nodded my head, "Well it looks like there's no trauma to your head." She said shinning a light in my eyes. "A few days of rest in the hospital and then your good to go home. Just don't stress your body ok?" The doctor said flickering the light off.

I deeply sighed as she left. For some reason I was very uncomfortable when the and doctor were in the room. I feel weird, (and my thoughts sound weird too, but that's besides the point.) I closed my eyes and swallowed trying to control my bloodlust. To be fair I didn't know what bloodlust was till 5 minutes ago.

I was released a few days after that. Hide came to visit me multiple times but I just couldn't see him right now. Something is wrong with me even if I don't know what it is. The surgeon that did my operation told me that I'll feel weird for a few days but I don't think having bloodlust is part of the symptoms.

After all I didn't even know that I could have bloodlust. I'm not a violent person. Even when I should be. I left the bathroom after throwing up what I managed to swallow. The doctor didn't want to release me because I wasn't eating properly but I convinced them to release me tomorrow. I really hate hospitals.

The next day I was all set to go home. After waving goodbye to the staff, I decided to walk around town for a bit. I needed the fresh air and I didn't want to go home yet.


As the sky was getting dark my stomach growled. It would've been normal and I couldn't get a burger expect, I wasn't craving food I was craving human flesh.




'Flesh, flesh, flesh, flesh! Legs, flesh, thighs, flesh! Child, woman, man, flesh, flesh, flesh!'



Quickly I ran to my apartment while getting weird looks from strangers.Looking into the bathroom mirror, I started crying.


I'm a ghoul.



~Present~


Closing the door behind me I yelled out, "I'm home." I placed my keys on the counter and walked deeper into the apartment.

"I'm in the bedroom!" Hide yelled. I walked into the bedroom where Hide was reading a thick book.

"Well this is unusual, whatcha reading?" I asked Hide plopping down next to him on the bed. Hide smiled up on me.

"A wedding book, I was thinking tomorrow we could finally shop for our wedding rings." He said putting down the book. I hummed and cuddled next to Hide putting my head on his chest.

"Sounds like a plan." I mumbled starting to drift off to sleep.

Hide laughed, "Go take a shower and get pjs on before you fall asleep." Hide said pushing me off of him. I groaned in protest but eventually got out of bed to take a shower.

 


Now it wasn't unusual for girls to walk up to Hide and flirt. Because well, Hide is handsome (I will never say that to his face though). However these particular group of girls were starting to get on my nerves, badly.



And you know I'm a ghoul, so....... don't get on my bad side.


"Hey are you with someone?" One of the girls asked. Excuse me you little bitch I'm right here!

"Why don't you come hang out with us?" Another one asked.

Hide opened his mouth to say something but I cut him off before he could say anything. "Sorry he's with me." I told them with a tight smile, grabbing Hide's hand tangling it with mine.

Hide offered them a smile before tugging me away from them. "Lets go