fucking her so deeply, as if my pussy was tightening around Buffy's hand, over and over again.

Buffy's angry astonishment dissolved, and it was just me and Faith again, both of us panting and sticky with heat.

Faith's eyes were closed, her breathing slowing gradually.  "Jesus...Buffy..."

"Not," I said.  I didn't have the energy for anything else.  "I'm not."

Faith looked away, pulling her hand out of my shorts.  Her eyes were distant, shuttered; I couldn't see anything in them anymore.  "Believe me," she said.  "I know."

Anger pushed through me.  "What the hell is this, anyway?"

"You think I know?  It's the Hellmouth.  Or was.  I can't explain that shit."  Faith rolled over, dumping me off.  "Go ask your witchy girlfriend."

I ignored that, since Faith knew as well as I did that Willow wasn't going to be happy to see me for a long time to come.  Longer, if she got wind of what just happened.  "Yeah, while you do what, exactly?  Go apologize to Buffy?"

"And get my head kicked in.  Not my idea of a fun afternoon."

"You are such a fucking coward, Faith."

That sparked rage in her eyes, but I didn't stay to see it.  I rebuttoned my shorts, grabbed my shirt and yanked it on, and stalked out of the room, slamming the door behind me.  I think Faith would've followed me and kicked my ass, except I was only saying what I could see deep inside her.  Faith hated that she'd never finished anything with Buffy--never killed her when they were enemies, never apologized when she rejoined the white hats, and worst of all--she'd never thrown caution to the wind and just kissed her.

I strode through the Hyperion's hallways, not caring where I was going.  Being with Faith wound me up more than it satisfied me, and all that Slayer stuff I got dragged through along the way wasn't doing anything to calm me down.  I felt like shit, to tell the truth.  I'd seriously hurt Willow, I'd fucked Faith for a moment's pleasure and with some twisted idea that it would get her out of my system, and I had a distant sense of way too many Slayers in my head, from Amanda on down.  What if we never got privacy in our own heads again?  I couldn't live like that.  I'd always resented the potentials taking over my space, and this was just one more way they were invading--

And, hell, that wasn't even my thought.  Jesus, it all came back to Buffy.  I'd figured that Willow's spell was the end of it--I was a Slayer, destined to destroy the forces of darkness, and I wouldn't have to turn to Buffy or anybody, ever again.  But, no, the sun still rose and set over the world's whiniest superhero.

I stomped into the garden, trying to find some place that wasn't overrun with my fellow Slayers.  They were clearly missing out on the suckier aspects of the freaky connection.  Thank God for that--I don't think we'd go a day without a few murders if everybody had the full effect.  I probably would've gloated, a bit, except for once I wasn't thrilled with being first in line.

And speak of the devil, who was reclining in the shade of the jasmine flowers like she didn't have a care in the world, except Numero Uno herself?

Looking at her brought all my anger boiling up again.  The flawless ruler, cool and detached.  She sat with one gorgeous leg crossed just so over the other, wearing a summer dress I would've called flirty on anyone else, toenails painted soft dawn-pink and slipped into delicate white sandals with two-inch heels.  The linen sunhat and dark glasses added the final touch, giving Buffy the air of someone supremely unconcerned with the lives of her little minions; like she was the star and we orbited because of her.

I was pulled two directions--either to walk right the hell out of there, or to stay and see how much of that butter-wouldn't-melt-in-my-mouth exterior was an act.  And I knew it was an act.  Even when we'd kicked Buffy out of her own house, those tears were more self-pity for her high-and-mightiness than they were an understanding of how much we didn't need her.  She'd come back from that defeat and didn't bat an eyelid--she was still the big kahuna with the only worthwhile plan--but now I had the chance to see what was really beneath the surface.

I took another step, into her view.  I didn't miss the way she went stiff the instant she saw me.