, no! He refused to just stand there and be violated! With a great mental shove, John pulled back, almost tripping over his own feet in the process. His head swivelled, valiantly doing his best to get his unresponsive body to move.

 

“Goody! You have some fight left in you.” His smile turned predatory. “All the more fun for when I finally break you.” He lunged forward.

 

John wasn’t sure what happened next, because the next thing he knew, he was on the cold tiled floor with his hands painfully wedged behind him. He let out a grunt of pain, momentarily distracted by the sensation of burning shooting through his left shoulder before he realised the position he was in. His eyes widened and his breath grew short.

 

“I wonder if he’ll still have you when you’re broken?” Jim murmured against his lips.

 

John remained where he was, knowing that if he moved his lips would touch Jim’s. His shoulder protested and the handcuffs gnawed at his wrists; if he continued to rest against them, they would be raw and bleeding. He told himself that he had more dire things to worry about.

 

Jim’s knees shifted up, pool water seeped into the fabric of his Westwood trousers but he neither minded no cared. They continued to lift up until they finally settled at John’s hips; a playful squeeze sent John jerking back in repulsion. He was rewarded with a hiss of pain, John had put more weight on his wrists.

 

“That drug won’t fade for quite a while, so let me have a little fun, will you?” His hand flitted over the chequered shirt in small sweeping motions, pausing now and then to brush over the fabric. His mood brightened with every shiver he felt, his eyes glimmered every time John bit down on his lip to restrain an outcry.

 

John knew that protesting would only make Jim all the more eager, but he’d be damned if he was going to sit there and let Jim enjoy it. He refused to give the bastard a sense of gratification. The buttons on his cardigan came undone, one by one and soon, it fell open, leaving John feeling all the more exposed. The shirt buttons came next. Gritting his teeth and bearing it, he was unable to stop the hiss from escaping him when his skin was exposed to the warm, humid air. Sticky, disgusting, sickly, just like the man in front of him.

 

“Oh my, now this, this is interesting.” Jim’s fingers traced the lump of scarred tissue above John’s shoulder. The flesh there was tender and smoothed over, so when the perfectly manicured nails dug in, John was unable to stop the cry of pain.

 

It burned, oh how it burned! Another stab, sharper and deeper this time and John felt tears welling up behind his eyes. The hot metal behind his back began to bite through his shirt, his wrists were raw and numb from pain. Liquid, he could feel a trickle of liquid running down his fingertips and seeping into his shirt. Blood? Was he bleeding already?

 

A pair of lips replaced the nails and John felt his body turn ice cold. His brain shut down and he lost the will to struggle. Sensory overload, disgust, so painfully vulnerable, humid, hot, cold, disgust, Sherlock, where the hell was—

 

His face felt hot and John’s eyes snapped back into focus, his gaze was on a lifesaver that hung innocently on the wall opposite him.

 

Jim drew his hand back from John’s cheek. “Ah, ah, can’t have you zoning out on me. You have to be all here, John, how else will I have my fun?”

 

“By blowing up old ladies?” John spat. His bravado was just for show, he was freaking terrified.

 

“That was so two days again, do keep up.” He sat back, his groin now brushing against John’s as he started to undo the belt.

 

John jolted. “Don’t—”

 

“I really don’t think you’re in a position to make demands, my dear.”

 

Both jeans and underwear were pushed past his hips and once more, John was left stewing in shame and feeling so horribly, frighteningly, exposed. He felt despair and fear permeating into his very core. He knew what was going to happen next but by no means was he prepared. By no means did he want it. He tried to shuffle away; Jim’s knees kept him pinned.

 

“If you don’t play nice, I won’t either.”

 

This only made John struggle more.

 

Jim sighed and rolled his eyes. “Boring, predictable,” he breathed, his disappointment clear. Without any more preamble, he shoved his fingers into John’s mouth, pushing back mercilessly until he heard the man gag. “I’m going to give you exactly thirty seconds to get my fingers nice and wet,” he sang. “If you don’t...” he trailed off, leaving John to fill