information together into something that made sense, "He's been acting a bit strange today. And there was that look before. But it is fox mating season. But I thought he like you." Hopps gestured at Skye, and the vixen grinned more because the bunny didn't seem to notice just how clearly she was broadcasting her emotions and jealously. "But if he doesn't-" her ears dropped.

"He doesn't." Skye cut in confirming what the Hopps was puzzling with out loud because the bunny had sounded rather dubious about it.

Hopps stopped and turned to her. "And that's what doesn't make sense!" she said exasperatedly, "Everything points to him liking you! He told me that he'd fallen in lo-love," she almost chocked up there for a second but continued, "...with a vixen though she wouldn't ever take him, he's only flirted with you, and he's been acting moody almost depressed despite how he tries to hide it and then I find out that the one vixen he's ever flirted with is already mated! All the pieces fit! So why do you think he doesn't like you? I mean seriously! How does only 'flirting because your mated' make any sense?!"

"Hopps, I think you're making some conclusions based off of wrong assumptions." Skye cut in because the bunny seemed about to boil over again.

All the energy seemed to go out of her, like air leaving a sail and she leaned forward thumping her head on the wall with her ears falling down, completely limp.

"Then would you please explain before I go crazy." She said and thumped her head against the wall again, before adding as an almost after thought, "And its Judy please, not Hopps," the bunny thumped her head against the wall again then stopped her brow furrowing, and shot a questioning look at Skye, "Wait a second… You asked us right at the start to call you Skye but I clearly remember your badge saying your last name was Frost, not Savage and," her eyes narrowed nose twitching, "I don't see any ring on your paw, and now that I think about it neither did Savage! What kind of hustle are you trying to pull?"

Smart bunny, Skye thought still grinning. She's got a good eye for details, still working under wrong assumptions though.

"No hustle, Judy." Skye said smiling warmly and pulling a thin necklace out from under her shirt, on the end of which dangled a ring, "Because of our role in the ZBI, Jack and I end up working a lot of… 'undercover missions' let's say. We don't advertise that where married because it could make our jobs harder if it was common knowledge. That's one reason among others, that our boss suggested that I keeping my original badge with my maiden name on it and also the reason why I ask mammals to call me by my first name, I don't really care to be called by my maiden name," she frowned but shrugged, "Damn old ewe was right though; Having mammals assume the wrong thing has come in handy a few times. And with a little extra deodorizer, unless we're near someone with a really good nose they won't pick up on our sent marks either."

Judy's frown deepened though she was no longer looking at Skye distrustfully and muttered a quick apology. The vixen smiled again as the bunny began pacing her nose twitching and burst out agitatedly, "It. just. doesn't. make. sense!"

"Maybe not to you but it would to any fox." Skye said in response.

Judy froze and turned to her even more confused.

"What do you know about fox courtship?" Skye asked.

"Not much… Nick's never really talked about it." Judy answered her frown deepening, "It's not like it can really be all that different from every other species."

Skye raised her paw, waffling it in the air, "Yes and no. All the basics are pretty much the same. But," she raised her finger, "There's a few key differences, and foxes tend to be… very tradition." Skye shrugged, "It's pretty hard to go against the kind of instincts that underlie those traditions."

"So Nick wasn't joking when he said he only flirted with you because you were already mated?" Judy asked still seeming to have a hard time processing that.

"Not at all." Skye said with a huge grin watching the bunnies face as she tried wrapping her mind around that… and apparently failing.

"You're going to have to walk me through that one." She finally said going over to the bench Skye was sitting on across from the sinks and flopping down beside the vixen seeming completely exhausted.

Skye thought for a moment before speaking, "You know how most other mammals think bunnyrabbits and hares are always ready to go 'jumping' off into bed? And not being picky