in. “Keep it down, Merlin. What’s wrong?”

Her son rolled his eyes. “Lance’s exchange sister is my roommate’s sister’s best friend.”

Mrs. Emrys threw back her head and laughed. “Oh my, that is a coincidence. I’ll leave you to it then.”

“Thanks, Mom.”

‘Dude, you there?’

‘Sorry, mate. Mom was talking to me. Moms. Know what I mean?’

‘Actually, my mom died giving birth to me.’

Merlin stared at the screen. “Oh, shit…” He quickly typed, ‘Damn, man, I’m sorry, I didn’t know.’

‘Merlin (if that’s even your real name), you met me what, ten minutes ago? How the hell would you know that?’

‘It is too my real name! Merlin Balinor Emrys, thank you very much.’

‘Arthur Matthew Pendragon. So what do you like to read?’ Arthur was clearly changing the subject, but Merlin was okay with that.

‘Anything from sci-fi fantasy (heavy on the fantasy) to murder mysteries to anything. But I mostly stick to sci-fi fantasy.’

‘Favorite sci-fi book?’ Arthur asked.

Merlin stared for a sec. He really didn’t have a favorite. ‘Um, tough question. Asimov’s shorts were good. The Miles series is a good one. Do you like to read?’

‘Surprisingly, yes. My godfather turned me onto the Miles series. But I lean towards fantasy. Eragon is my favorite. Favorite fantasy book?’

‘Ha! My Uncle Gaius turned me onto the Miles series. Eargon is actually my favorite as well.’

‘…’

‘what?’

‘Gaius Bellinger?’

‘How’d you know my uncle’s name?’

‘He’s my godfather.’

Merlin blinked. ‘Okay, dude, this is kinda creepy and fucked up.’

‘Tell me about it.’

The boy moved his mouse over the “What’s on your mind?” box and typed, “I am officially convinced that CWU is stalking me. Why? My roommate, that’s why. Arthur Pendragon and I have way too much in common for this to be purely coincidence.”

‘Anyway, hoping not to find anymore creepy coincidences like that…’

He received the notification that Arthur liked his status, and commented, “Just a bit, man, just a bit.”

They chatted for hours about books, which turned to movies, which turned to dorm supplies, and who would bring what. It was just turning 3am, when Balinor stuck his head into his son’s room. “Merlin? You’re still up?” He was dressed and ready for his work.

Merlin looked over his shoulder at his father. “Yeah, sorry. Arthur and I were just finishing up this conversation. I’m going to bed in a few minutes.”

‘hey, Arthur, my dad’s making me go to bed. Here’s my number. 5035554568. Text me in the morning dude.’

‘night’

September 1st, 2011

‘you ready mate?’ Lance asked over facebook.

“No,” Merlin muttered, while scrolling down the page. ‘hell fuckin no’ he typed back.

‘haha, get over it. You packing yet?’

Merlin rolled his eyes as Arthur messaged him.

‘hola.’

‘hi, Arthur.’

‘how was your day?’ He was ignoring the blinking message from Lance.

‘Eh, not bad. Morgana is bitching about how unfair life is because she can’t get hold of Gwen. You online with Lancelot?’

Merlin grinned. ‘Well, sorta, ish. He’s sorta falling asleep over there.’

He could almost picture the gorgeous prat rolling his eyes. ‘Typical. Ready for move-in in 16 days?’

‘15 for me. We’re going up the night before hand because no way in hell am I getting up at 3 to be out of the house by 5 to be at sparks by 830. Hell no’, Merlin groused.

Arthur typed back, ‘haha, well I am. But then I’m a two hour drive not a four hour drive.’

Merlin put his head in his hands. ‘how was interning this summer?’

‘I was about ready to kill the person I was shadowing by the end of it. I’m so happy it’s over’, Arthur said.

‘Why?’

‘because the idiot didn’t know how to do his job, and I ended up following morgana and her person because the fool didn’t know what he was doing.’

‘Which was…? Jeez, Arthur, getting you to talk is like pulling teeth!’

Arthur responded with, ‘well, sorry man.’

And that seemed the end of that particular conversation. ‘what’s your major again?’ Merlin typed out the question.

‘business, and international relations. Yours?’

‘pre-med.’ Merlin couldn’t exactly tell him about the magic one. ‘maybe bio if I want to do