against the ground, eyes never leaving Jared's.

He stroked Jensen's hair once before reaching back for the knife. Jensen held up his hands, and Jared carefully sawed through the rope one strand at a time. 

When he was nearly done, Jensen yanked the rope off the rest of the way, narrowly avoiding cutting himself on the knife. He sat up and tugged the gag out of his mouth and over his head, hurling it somewhere into the darkness of the cave. "Jared," he murmured, his voice dry and raspy, and then he was reaching up to tangle his fingers in Jared's hair and bring Jared's mouth down to his.

"Mmph!" Jared exclaimed in surprise, but he wasn't complaining. For two weeks, he hadn't allowed himself to worry about Jensen, concentrating only on how to find him and rescue him. Now that he was safe and here with him, it hit him like a sudden punch, all of the fear that they wouldn't be able to find him or that they would be too late, and then he was kissing Jensen back as hard as he could.

It was when Jensen's fingers started to tug too hard at Jared's hair that he winced and pulled back. "We need to get away from here," he murmured against Jensen's lips, interspersed with more kisses. "Can you walk?"

"Not with bound legs," Jensen retorted.

Jared's heart soared at hearing Jensen's familiar fighting spirit. Still, he nipped at Jensen's lower lip. "Apologies, but someone threw themselves at me before I could finish." He held up the knife. "If I may?"

Jensen made a sweeping gesture towards his ankles, and Jared freed him in no time. He tucked the knife away and pulled Jensen to his feet, not stopping until he was securely in his arms. Lowering his head, he breathed in Jensen's familiar scent, nose tucked behind his ear.

Jensen murmured, "If you're done sniffing me, shall we go?" Despite his light words, he had a tight grasp of the back of Jared's shirt in both hands, and the occasional tremor still washed over him.

Jared brushed a kiss to his neck and pulled back. "I have three of my people here and four more between us and the ship. If you can walk, we can go up and over the ridge and avoid Pellegrino's men."

There was a sudden shout from outside, and then the clear clang of steel on steel. "Too late for that," Jensen muttered. 

Jared's heart sank. "Stay behind me," he warned even as he rose to his feet and drew his sword in one fluid motion. "We can hold them off one at a time until we have to, until my reinforcements arrive."

"They can only come at us one at a time," Jensen replied, ducking around Jared. "The passageway to the lower caves is too narrow for more than one man to pass at once."

Jared grabbed his arm, but Jensen shook it off. "Jensen..." He was already near the mouth of the cave, and Jared scrambled to catch up, suddenly wishing his little lord was a little more retiring.

Jensen was bending down to pick up the discarded sword of one of the fallen guards when Riesgraf suddenly appeared, silhouetted by the moonlight but her face in shadow. Instantly, Jensen had the unfamiliar sword up, its tip hovering near her cheek. "Identify yourself," he snarled.

"Jensen, it's okay." Jared came up on his right, hands spread open, moving towards Riesgraf. "She's one of my crew. It's okay." 

Riesgraf had frozen, hands up. When Jensen gave a sharp nod and lowered his sword, she stepped back. "Are you sure he really needs rescuing, Captain? He seems to do fine on his own."

"About that," Jared said, but then the clash of swords broke into his thoughts. He looked down to see Kane holding back another swordsman, or maybe driving him back down the hillside, a blade in each hand. "Is that second sword...?"

"It was his," Riesgraf replied, pointing at the two unconscious men tied up behind him. "Kane said he could fight better with two."

"Of course he did." Jared ran a hand through his hair. "Jensen, we had best get you back to my ship."

"I can fight," Jensen insisted.

Jared looked him over, from his dirt-streaked face to the tight but capable grip he had on the hilt of his sword to his torn and muddied breeches. "I have no doubt that you can," he replied, "but you don't need to."

A moment passed. Then Jensen nodded. "Very well."

They clambered the short distance up the hillside, Riesgraf in front, then Jensen, then Jared. Hodge soon followed behind them, and once they were scrambling down the rocky slope towards the bay where the Megan was gently bobbing