To his credit, Zayn only looks thrown off for a few seconds when he walks into the room and sees Liam glaring down at the phone in danger of being crushed between his shaking fingers. Exasperated, he plops down into Liam’s lap, effectively startling him and most importantly causing him to let go of his phone in favor of placing steadying hands around Zayn’s hips.

“Leeyum—”

“No, Zayn.” He’s still tense beneath him.

“No, Liam,” Zayn parrots gently back at him, pushing him back into the cushions. “Tell me about it later, yeah? Ride it out.”

“But—“

He cuts off as Zayn leans in and starts peppering these tender little kisses down his bicep, lashes devastatingly long as he glances up calmly at him.  Arousal spikes through Liam’s body, sharp and sudden and definitely not appropriate right now, wow. Self-control, Liam.

“Lashing out at them isn’t going to help,” Zayn says quietly, and Liam starts guiltily back to the present. “Sometimes it takes more strength to not like, let the shit that other people say about you get to your head.“

He finishes with one last press of his lips against firm muscle. “Can you do that for me, babe? Be strong for me?”

And really, has Liam been able to deny Zayn anything?

It takes a few extra minutes of coaxing, but Liam knows when he’s beaten and melts into the cushions, iPhone thrown by Zayn across the couch and out of harm’s way. Zayn has this nasty habit of retreating, avoiding problems (and sometimes everything) like the plague, but occasionally—like right now—it feels like the most appropriate thing to do.

 

-

 

Liam realizes he’s in love with Zayn during breakfast one morning. 

Because, like, he’s noticing that they’re running quite low on Weetabix and he’s seen how many boxes of them Zayn goes through every tour and he wonders if he can manage to get some before Zayn wakes up and when exactly did everything around him start reminding him of Zayn? 


Oh.


“How long have I fancied Zayn?” he asks no one in particular. 

Nobody seems particularly fazed by his question and his eyes feel like they’re busting from their sockets with that realization—oh.

“Ever since you met him,” Louis says. “About fucking time you realized.”

Harry doesn’t even look up from his text as he hums in agreement and Niall just laughs wildly like he does fifty percent of the time after Louis says something. Even Paddy sighs, hanging his head in exasperation.

Liam needs new mates.

All in all it’s not exactly the best moment for Zayn to stumble into the room but it happens anyway.

And wow, Liam’s always known that Zayn was attractive—he’s sure every human being with functioning eyes agrees with him—but he never fully appreciated just how beautiful Zayn is, especially now when his hair’s floppy and he’s still soft and sleep-worn, eyes half-lid as he surveys the room. He smiles blearily at Liam and it’s like a punch in the gut—in a good way. Can you even be hit by the sheer force of someone’s attractiveness? Zayn apparently makes anything possible.

“Alright?” he asks warily, lips pursed as he takes in Liam’s stricken expression.

Liam sort of wants those lips on his.

Fuck.

“I think I’m going to try meditation,” Harry offers thoughtfully, effectively breaking the tense silence.

Liam loves Harry. Harry can stay.

Zayn just shakes his head fondly, runs a hand through Harry’s curls as he walks over to where Liam’s standing.

“Morning, Li,” he murmurs, reaching out and pressing a sleepy kiss on the side of his head. It’s not meant to be romantic in the least—they do this all the time—but Liam’s heart quadruples in pace until it feels like it might burst from his chest.

He practically sprints from the room.

 

-

 

Zayn Malik is going to ruin him.

 

-

 

“Sick, Leeyum, Sick!”

Zayn’s grinning wildly at him onstage and Liam’s heart practically soars with the praise. Which happens like, every time Zayn compliments him because it’s Zayn, who’s so careful and humble and talented and should be the one bashfully accepting compliments instead.

Zayn, whose mouth feels very, very close to his ear now, whose fingers are brushing soothingly across his upper arm as he whispers something about Louis ordering takeout later tonight and would Liam like to join them? His lips skim lightly over his ear—a teasing pressure against heated skin.

This is around the time Liam realizes he’s really, truly done for—because somebody telling him about fast food shouldn’t be this arousing. Maybe if it’s like, KFC or something but that’s beyond the point when Zayn’s pressed this closely to him. Zayn makes everything so damn sexual sometimes and it’