began creating friction between his hands and legs. “It's cold out here. I've been sitting too long.”

“You don't have to stay.”

He just laughed, a bright sound in the frosted night. “I just said I wasn't going to leave yet. You can't get rid of me that easily. Besides, I don't really have anywhere I want to go.” He leaned back on his hands and looked up at the invisible stars, unbearable loneliness reflected in his eyes.

Levi turned his gaze up toward the same sky and breathed out slowly, the chill whitening his breath. He didn't have to ask what the boy meant. He knew the feeling of being surrounded by people who cared and yet still not feeling like he had a home to return to.

But the boy couldn't know that, so he immediately launched into an explanation. He must believe he had to answer for himself, to provide an excuse for his loneliness. “I'm actually studying abroad--Germany--at the university here so my family and close friends are all across the ocean. I'm staying at Connie's tomorrow, but no one thought about Christmas Eve, including me. I was gonna stay in the dorms and watch some movies or something, but” he smiled warmly despite the chill of the night and his solitude, “I thought I'd look at all the Christmas lights and decorations. Sometimes loneliness wants companionship, but other times it calls for cherishing the pain and going on walks by yourself at night.”

“And yet you sat down next to me.”

“Like I said, you looked like you needed the company! And it's Christmas Eve. It's not a night for spending time alone.”

“Some prefer their own company.”

“And I refuse to believe you're one of them.”

“Why is that?”

“You're talking to me, aren't you?”

Levi looked off to his opposite side. “Tch.”

“When did you come over?”

One of Levi's eyebrows rose at the comment and he made sure to look at the boy so he could see it.

“I mean to America. Or is it just your family that's French?”

His unimpressed expression wasn't enough to get the subject dropped.

“You won't be able to convince me that you're not. I recognize a French accent when I hear one. There's this guy Jean who lives in the dorm room across from mine. He's a foriegn student too.”

There really was no point in arguing with this one, was there? “Almost twenty years ago; I was seventeen.”

“And you're what...thirty-five now?”

“Thirty-four.”

“How come you're not spending the holiday with your family? Didn't you come with them?” The kid didn't give Levi a chance to answer. “I suppose they could have moved back, or maybe you were just visiting and stayed or something. Was it an exchange program? That's why I'm here by myself if you remember, but then, I'm legally an adult so it's not such a problem for me. Just barely though, I'm nineteen.”

“You're suddenly very talkative.”

“Because we're not strangers anymore.”

“I don't even know your name.”

“Are you crazy? I don't want you stalking me later.”

His reasoning was stupid, completely unexplainable and random, but Levi felt himself pulled in by it nonetheless. The answer came out slowly, halted the unfamiliarity of telling his story. “I left my parents behind when I moved. Genetics mean nothing to me and my real family died right before I left France. I've met others since then, but all of my friends are spending the holidays with their families. It didn't feel right for someone like me to intrude.”

The boy's voice was soft. “You'll be alone tomorrow too then, won't you?”

“It's of no consequence to me. It's more tolerable that way.”

The boy nodded and didn't ask anything else. He removed his eyes from Levi's face and looked back at the sky. His next words were almost a whisper. “It's almost midnight.”

“When do you return to Germany?”

“Not until spring. It seems like such a long time away, but I bet I won't think so when it comes. I miss my dad and sister though. My sister is--she's adopted. It's why she looks so Asian while I'm so obviously...not.” He laughed again.

The kid did that a lot, Levi realized. Had he truly known the boy, he might not have said so, but it seemed that the kid was genuinely just a perpetually happy person.

“There's all of my friends too. I talk to them