, running his fingers through his long red hair, “I seriously doubt that you want to talk with us about us finding taking it up the ass attractive…”	“Or chest hair and morning stubble being a turn on,” James added.	“Or why performing the 69 with two men is theoretically better than with a man and a woman,” Albus contributed.	Everybody looked at Albus.	“I’m glad I’m not the only one who thinks that,” Louis stated.	“And you two say I’m the perv,” James said.	Albus shrugged.  “I have my moments.”	“You should hear my mother talk,” Louis informed, his face twisting is disgust.	Bill and Harry gave each other a slightly disgusted look.	“I’m going to go get Teddy,” Harry said, quickly getting out of his chair.	“Good idea,” Bill agreed, quickly following his brother-in-law.	The three boys smiled (well, Albus’s was more of a smirk) at each other as the two fathers left to go find Teddy, glad to avoid that conversation.  They had all received the Talk when their fathers thought they were heterosexual, and they knew it would have been worse this time around.  

ZZz

	Upstairs in the girls’ room, Molly, Lily and Rose were sitting in a circle, facing each other.  Dominique was sitting in the room’s chair, Roxanne was still sleeping, and Victoire was in the bathroom performing her morning ritual.  	“I can’t believe that even though all three of them are gay, not one of my brothers is the stereotypical gay guy,” Lily was complaining. 	“Louis is the same way,” Dominique stated.  “The boy is such a pervert.”	Lily groaned.  “You should hear James.  Did you hear him talking to Albus after dinner last night?  Most of the time, Al at least has the decency to keep his mouth shut when he knows people can hear him.”	“I really do wish that when one of them gets a boyfriend, said boyfriend will be able to go on a shopping spree with all of us and not complain,” Rose contributed.	All of the other girls laughed at this as Victoire came out of the bathroom.  “So what are we talking about this early in the morning?”	“About how all the boys in our family love thinking about where they stick their cock,” Lily said unabashedly.  “Oh, don’t look at me like that!  I have three older brothers!  That seems to be the only thing I hear them talking about these days.”

ZZz

	When Teddy came into the kitchen with a large grin, the boys knew they had nothing to worry about.  	“I hear you ran off Dad and Uncle Bill,” he said and the boy smiled.  “Come on.  Let’s go talk outside so Grandma can have her kitchen back.”	The three boys groaned as they got up to follow Teddy out.	“Come on!  Your fathers would murder me if I didn’t at least talk a little after you scared them off.”	So the four of them started slowly walking through the countryside that surrounded the Burrow, but always staying within sight of the home.  	“So I’m not going to talk with you about the mechanics of it,” Teddy started.  “That’s something you and your future partner should find out on your own when the time comes.  There’s obviously no need to worry about pregnancy.  If it turns out he gets pregnant, then there’s obviously something wrong with your relationship.”	All of them chuckled.	“The important thing to remember is the risk for STDs,” Teddy said.  The older boy then went on to explain how to perform all the spells needed for safe sex.	“The last thing I can share with you about sex is to always be discreet about it,” Teddy concluded.  “Mum caught Akimitsu and I doing it over our kitchen table once.  I don’t think she’s recovered yet.  So make sure all floo access is cut off and all doors are locked.”	“So that’s why we don’t go to your place for surprise visits anymore!” Albus exclaimed. 	“I wish I could have seen it!” James complained.  “Akimitsu looks hung.”	Louis nodded in agreement.  	Teddy just smiled and looked at the three of them.  “You don’t know how proud I am of you.  I know it takes a lot of courage to do what you did last night.  Coming out to your family is the hard part.”	“There’s still a few people that it will be tough to tell, though,” Albus muttered.  	“Thinking of Scorpius?” Teddy asked.  	Albus blushed and nodded.	“You know, just because you have a crush on him doesn’t mean you can’t tell him you’re gay,” Teddy said.	Albus groaned.  “Does everyone know that I like Scorp?”	“Nope,” Louis said.  “I think just the three of us.”	Albus’s face turned even redder.  	“What about you, James, Louis?” Teddy asked