small sniffle, choked and full of emotion, but it was all she needed. Pushing the door open, she saw him on a bed, his head resting on a pillow and his face red and blotchy.

 

Ginny felt she really shouldn't have been so surprised to see him in such a state. He had just endured the trial of a lifetime, something most people only dreamed about in nightmares. She had never seen Harry cry before, though, and was shocked to see it all the same.

 

He only opened his eyes and noticed her there after she had tiptoed across the room and when he felt someone's hand caressing his cheek. "Ginny," he whispered throatily. He moved aside to make room for her, and she sat down next to him, resting her head on his chest. Tears still ran down her face, and he smoothed her hair and sat with her, holding her and never wanting to let go again.

 

There was something much more intimate about crying with someone, Ginny thought, than kissing. She had never felt so close to Harry before, even with the secluded hours they spent alone together last year. She let this continue for a few minutes, not wanting to break the silence, before she lifted her head.

 

"I thought you were dead," she accused silently, and Harry, not expecting this, grimaced.

 

"I know," he replied. "So did I, actually."

 

"It was the worst thing that had ever happened to me," she mumbled. "And when I saw you . . . dead and in Hagrid's arms, it felt as if time had stopped. My heart broke into so many pieces and I couldn't breathe. I don't know how I could've handled losing you and Fred at the same time."

 

Harry had resumed stroking her hair. "I'm sorry." He pressed his lips to her forehead, and for a brief second Ginny's heart raced. "For everything."

 

"Why are you sorry?" she demanded. "It wasn't your fault, Harry. None of it was. You did what you had to do."

 

He laughed without humor. "How could it not have been my fault, Ginny? They all died for me, and if I could've have stopped Voldemort sooner all those people wouldn't be dead." He shook his head sadly, and Ginny saw more angry tears well in the corners of his eyes.

 

Ginny brushed his hair aside and rubbed his scar with her thumb. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes, relaxing into her touch. "People would have died whether you were the Chosen One or not. Voldemort's a killer, and I honestly don't think anyone but yourself blames you for what happened tonight." She kissed the scar. "You have survivor's guilt, is all." She resumed petting the lightning bolt on his forehead, and it was with extreme difficulty Harry resisted kissing her wrist.

 

There was silence again, and this time Harry let Ginny comfort him. "Harry . . ." Ginny said slowly, cautiously. She was unsure of how to ask him this – was worried the topic was too sensitive. "What happened tonight?"

 

Harry remained still for a minute before sighing. "Ginny, would you understand if I didn't want to talk about it right now?" His eyes blazed, begging her to understand. "I will at sometime, but not now. It's all . . . too soon." Ginny nodded, and Harry smiled, truly smiled, for the first time in what felt like days. "I'd never admit this to anyone, Ginny, but you want to know a secret?"

 

Ginny returned his smile. "Of course."

 

He leaned forward so his mouth was by her ear. "I was terrified." He sighed, his grin gone. Ginny felt goose pimples erupt on her skin from the feel of his breath on her neck. "I was bloody terrified. I went to meet Voldemort with the intention of dying, but it didn't quite work out that way, did it?"

 

Surprised, Ginny sat up abruptly, pushing away from Harry with her arms. "What do you mean, you intended to die?" she asked, her voice rising.

 

"Calm down, Ginny. You're hysterical."

 

"I don't bloody want to calm down!" She scowled at him. "You'd do that to me? Willingly die and make me miserable for the rest of my life?"

 

"I'd do anything so you could have a future, Ginny. No one else could've beaten Tom; it had to be me." He pulled her closer to him, tucking her head under his chin and inhaling deeply, taking in the scent of her hair. "You would've been able to move on eventually."

 

"You underestimate how much I love you."

 

"You love me?" he asked wonderingly, grinning crookedly.

 

"Of course," Ginny scoffed. "Did you honestly think I didn't?"