many times over to catch glimpses of his character, and it moved him in a way he did not quite understand.

Cedric has no idea what Pyro really feels for him. He only knows that the Slytherin keeps surprising him.

Human Phoenixes like humans seal their bond of love with marriage. Phoenixes have a few binding rituals as ceremony to bind themselves to their companion's soul. Their love is for as long as they live, should they chose to bond to a human, then even as the human has passed, the phoenix will only ever love that human until the phoenix itself dies.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

 

 

The match was an exciting one. It had been a close call. But Hufflepuff had won after what almost seemed like an impossible game to win. Pyro had followed every movement of a certain Quidditch player. His eyes never leaving the one with brown hair wearing a Canary Yellow Robe. Right as the Snitch was caught. It had started to get clouded really fast. By the time all Quidditch players had touched the ground. It had started to rain. Cedric came from the field with a smile on his face. A sight that made Pyro feel unlike what he had ever felt before. He had met with many interesting people over the course of his life time. Met some potential lovers. Yet none he desired to bond himself with. However, Cedric was an interesting one. From the moment Pyro first saw him, the Hufflepuff student had caught his eye. It was frustrating now being in a different house then he was. Despite being friends with all the portraits and wall decorations, Pyro was not allowed to just waltz into any common room of any housing he pleased. Despite his long history here at Hogwarts. 

Cedric walked by when Pyro came to stand in his path and offered him a flask of fresh water.

"You look like you could use it. Good Game Diggory."

Cedric nodded. It hadn't been the first time Pyro had closed in for small talk and there for Cedric wasn't surprised that the student knew his name or talked to him so freely despite being in different houses. 

"Thanks. For a moment there i thought we lost."

"But you turned the game around."

"You've been watching?"

"Of course. I got to snitch all your moves out to my team remember?"

Pyro joked as Cedric accepted the flask. The Hufflepuff shook his head.

"If only, though you never seem to relay that information well enough. It becomes harder for them to beat us."

"Ah.. you caught me. You're right i am quite bad at relaying that information. Mostly because i don't give it at all. You should head for the showers. Warm up. Before the rain soaks your bones as well. Wet bones do not snap easily."

"Don't make me laugh. We both know you would never really lay a hand on me."

"A hand no. A wand maybe."

"Thanks again Mortis."

"You're welcome. Get going wet rat."

Cedric runs by as it starts to pour. Pyro watches him as he leaves. His eyes unable to turn away to that brown hair wet with raindrops and heavy of the fallen water. It sends desires flaring through him in ways he has never felt before. Closing his eyes he inhales the scent of the rain. Along with the scent of smoke rising. Opening his eyes he smiles a bit. It always happens when he gets wet. Smelling like smoke. That's how it is. Pyro starts walking. Inside he shakes himself much like a bird would do. Within moments he is dry. 

"Mortis!"

Pyro turns around to see some fellow Slytherin students. He shakes his hair and puts his hands into his pockets. Walking over to them taking his time. They had about two more classes today. The Slytherin students were behaving like real Slytherin students. Bullying each other. Playing pranks in the worst of ways. some ways that could not even be considered funny. The classes go by slowly. Too slowly. Three burned books and a broken quill later the hours of studying have finally come to an end. Even though it wasn't as long for Pyro. 

It is still pouring outside. Pyro has found a quiet corner in front of a window to sit at. His knees pulled up a little, A book in his lap. If anyone would take the time to really notice his behavior, they would know he isn't a Slytherin by heart. But then again, his character wouldn't fit perfectly in any of the houses. To have a bit of everything is the struggle he goes through on a daily basis. People would say he is too kind and too helpful to be a student of Slytherin. Well.. He sure also has his Slytherin sides. But what do you expect from someone who's nearly 354 years old?

Some of his friends come by to try and get him to hang out with them. But he declines. It's nearly study hour. This window is on the way