on his own slacks. 

Dean yearns to make another joke but the tightening digits around his neck makes it impossible to speak, or breathe for that matter. He manages a cracked, “Cas,” and digs his nails into the angel’s wrists until he’s released and shoved back against the wall again for good measure. 

Despite Cas’ abrasive and seemingly loveless treatment, Dean is grinning by the time the angel frees himself from his trousers and steps towards him again. Dean has managed to discard his shirt once he’s cornered again but not much else. Castiel closes his hand around Dean’s upper arm and fits his fingers with the fading, red hand print there. His eyes rake over the hunter possessively, teeth gnashing behind pursed lips when Dean reaches forward to wrap his thick fingers around Castiel’s swollen erection. The simple touch elicits the most titillating, guttural sound from somewhere deep in Cas’ throat. 

He bucks forward into Dean’s closed hand and gulps heavily when he finally begins to stroke him slow and steady. “Dean,” Castiel growls warningly, dissatisfaction brewing in his gut at the lagging pace. 

"Yes?" Dean’s wearing that puckered smile when Castiel’s eyes refocus, eyes glinting with intention and his hand making no effort to give into Castiel’s silent demands for more. 

"Do not test me." Castiel punctuates his threat by tangling a hand in Dean’s hair and pushing him onto his knees forcefully. Before the overconfident hunter can make another snarky retort, Cas pulls him in and holds Dean’s head to his thigh tightly. With a firm grip on the base of his own member, he taps it against the other man’s lips until they part accommodatingly. Dean’s eyes lift to meet Cas’ heavy downward stare as he feeds him his cock, fingers tensing against his cheek to keep him in place. 

"Fuck," Cas exhales. His eyes nearly flutter shut at the mere sight of Dean’s full lips wrapped around the girth of his dick and those emerald eyes beaming up at him. "What else can you do with that mouth besides vocalize your disobedience?" Castiel’s already easing Dean on and off of his throbbing sex; the pace is just as slow as before but the sinking feeling in the angel’s belly has long dissolved. 

It isn’t about how fast. It isn’t about how hard. It’s about power. It’s about fucking Dean into submission. Coincidentally, the two go hand in hand. 

Dean never pegged Castiel for a dirty talker and by normal standards, he isn’t. Fortunately, Dean is anything but normal. He could be reading from a damn dictionary and Dean swears he can get off from that gravely voice alone. Cas has this…meticulous way of picking Dean apart word by word. It isn’t just the content or the way he says it, it’s a combination of both—this perfect balance of deep, beautiful, purposeful filth.

The solid hand keeping Dean flush against Cas’ thigh gradually slides to cup the back of his head while the other glides over the top, soothing back the damp hair there. Castiel continues rocking back and forth while sluggishly pulling Dean forward with each lazy thrust. The angel’s eyes remain fixated on his stuffed face, admiring the freckles on his full cheeks and the way his nostrils flare when he inhales sharply. 

"This is such a good look on you, Dean. On your knees. Entirely at my discretion," Cas breathes, the blues of his eyes now just rings around each blown out pupil. The praise, however, is short-lived. Not a moment later, Dean very carefully and very deliberately grazes his teeth against the rigid cock in his mouth—not enough to cause pain but hard enough to make his point. A point Castiel is quick to rectify. 

Exhaling angrily, the angel slides his free hand to the front of Dean’s face and casually pinches his nose between his thumb and index finger. Naturally, Dean doesn’t give Cas the satisfaction immediately; instead, he closes his lips around the other’s cock and continues to bob his head as habitually as before, doing his best to ignore the oxygen seeping from his lungs.

Castiel watches amusedly, his lips curled into a barely-there smirk at the corner, as Dean screws his eyes shut from the strain only to cave a moment later and gasp around his cock. Seizing the opportunity, Cas tightens the grip on his hair and begins to snap his hips forward at a heavier rhythm, all the while pinching his nose. What his thrusts lack in speed are more than made up for in force which is more than apparent by every beautiful gag and the way Dean’s nails dig into him.

Every withdrawal of Castiel’s manhood leaves Dean inhaling and gasping for air. His hands grip at the angel’s powerful thighs and push slightly against them but Cas doesn’t let up. He continues to fuck the hunter’s throat, sliding in deep and never pulling out entirely. The mixture of drool and precome dribbling