the sound of Toudou’s voice. By the time they’d arrived at the restaurant he’d decided that there were probably worse people to be rivals with.

In the end Makishima paid for both meals because it was easier than trying to split the bill. Especially when Toudou all but refused to only eat his own food. So Makishima had just paid for both and calmed Toudou’s protests by calling it a prize for winning this race.


“We’re just rivals!” Imaizumi glared at Miki as she struggled to hold back giggles as they walked home from practice, or rather as they walked to the bike store after practice.


“Oh I’m sure.” She nodded and Imaizumi chose to ignore the laughter he could hear in her voice. “That’s why you spent all of yesterday annoyed because his hair is getting to long.”

“If Naruko’s hair gets too long it will cause wind resistance. The only reason I’m not annoyed about Makishima’s hair is that he’s my senior.” He huffed irritably as Miki stopped bothering to try and hold in her laughter. “You’re one to talk what about you and Aya?”

“Funny you’d use that as an example.” Miki snorted shaking her head. “Aya and I are certainly not rivals.”

“Well what are you then?”

“Not sure yet.” She mused tapping her chin for a moment before shrugging. “But I might love her.”

Imaizumi sputtered for a moment as they got to the bike shop. Miki darted around him to drop her bags behind the counter as soon as they got there. He handed his bike over to Miki for the tune up as her brother was busy with another customer.

“So it’s completely different then.” Imaizumi leaned against the nearest wall to talk while she worked. “Naruko is my rival that’s all.”

“You’re not even in the same position.” Despite how she was turned away from him Imaizumi could hear the eyeroll in her voice. “You’re an all rounder, he’s a sprinter.”

“Yeah an annoying little sprinter who thinks he’s faster than me.” Imaizumi grumbled crossing his arms. “Just because he nearly beat me during the first year race.”

“Mhmm.” Miki nodded, anyone else would have thought she wasn’t paying attention but he was used to this by now, all it meant was that she was hoping he would think she’d stopped paying attention. She learned all sorts of things she wasn’t supposed to know this way.

“I still won so it doesn’t matter anyway.” He frowned glaring at the opposite wall. “And he’d on my team so really this rivalry just makes the team as a whole stronger anyway which is a good thing. Does he have to be so irritating about it though?” He paused but as expected Miki was no longer answering him properly just making noises when he paused. “It would be so much better if he just wasn’t so loud but he’s always making so much noise. I need to get faster so I can get ahead enough that it’s quiet agai-”

“Hey hotshot!” Imaizumi jumped as Naruko’s voice sounded out from the front of the shop. He turned around hoping his face didn’t look as warm as it felt. “Miki told you to bring your bike around today too huh?”

“Yes, she said it could probably use a tune up by now.” He turned to glare at Miki as she did her absolute best innocent face.

“Well I’m sure you two can find something to do while I work on your bikes.” She grinned taking Naruko’s bike from him as well.

Imaizumi thought better of protesting at the last second and caught Naruko’s collar as he headed out of the shop. “I’m sure we’ll find something to do.”

“There’s gotta be a food place around here somewhere, I’m always starving after practice.” When Naruko turned his grin on Imaizumi he found himself nodding in response. “Awesome, lead the way hotshot!”

Imaizumi let go of his collar and stalked off assuming that Naruko would follow. Which he did, chattering the whole time. They were definitely just rivals, Naruko was far to annoying for them to even be friends.


“We’re just rivals.” Onoda shrugged watching as Manami weaved through the crowd towards him. Makishima made a knowing noise in response, seeming less interested in the conversation by the second despite the fact that he’d been the one to ask. “At least I think that’s it?”


Onoda didn’t have a chance to elaborate on his statement before Manami got to them and Makishima took his leave. He apparently had things to do other than wander around the mall with Onoda and Manami.

“Sakamichi!” Manami grinned unperturbed by Makishima’s sudden departure. “Did you get the new game?”

“What new game?” Onoda thought back over their last few conversations, he couldn’t actually recall Manami talking about a