you think it might help you, even just a little.  I think it would help you, anyway.”  She smiles.  “It’s up to you.  Just think about it.  And hang on to that riding crop.”

And just like that, she’s out the door and gone, leaving Gold shocked and confused in her wake.  He may know his Belle, but it seems she is still full of many surprises to uncover.

But as unnerving and unexpected as the true offer is, the idea still holds little more than disgust and horror for him.  And though he sits in something of a daze as he eats his lunch, wondering why and how she might possibly want or need or be willing to submit to such a thing, he finally chalks it up to his Belle, being a little too brave and a little too generous for her own good.  She may offer, but he has no plans to accept.  So, he pushes it away once again, and does not concern himself with it further.

----


The world and the tower prison are fractured and dark, half-broken and raging at their own confusion.  The world flashes blood and burns and gashes and bruised, broken skin.  The tower echoes with screams and sobs and pleas, and the very air itself sears with pain and agony and desperation and hopelessness.  She exists only in disjointed flashes of thin frailty and dirtied blood and a breathing corpse, at once pleading for mercy and praying for her end.


Gold wakes, muscles strained and sore and ears ringing with sobs.  He is utterly exhausted, strained and desperate for sleep, but the horror ricocheting through his brain demands he sit up, find some grip on reality once again.

He throws the covers off and swings his legs over the edge of the bed.  His sweat-soaked t-shirt is so oppressive he nearly rips it off.  His hands shake as he buries them in his hair, running them through over and over.  His heart aches as much from its furious racing as from sorrow and fear.  He doesn’t have the strength to stand, to hobble to the bathroom and try to forget the dream.  It’s the second time in a week, at least the seventh in the month, though he’s quickly losing count.  And each time, it seems he’s left a little more aching and trembling and broken than before.

Belle shifts on the other side of the bed, sits up, and then, angel come to save him, she’s pressed against his back, arms wrapped snug around his waist, and her soft cheek rests against his bare, clammy shoulder.

“It’s okay.  I’m right here with you.  It’s all right.”

Gold doesn’t have the strength for this.  Thirty-some years and so much grieving and pain and mourning, and now with such confusion and desperation to move on and simply be happy is wearing away at him, slowly, inevitably, like a death march, and he simply doesn’t have the strength to keep going at it forever.  He doesn’t have the courage to keep fighting this losing battle forever, he’s far too much a coward for that.

“Shhhh,” she murmurs still, rubbing circles in his skin with strong, gentle fingers.  “It was just a dream.  It’s not real.  I’m safe and I’m here –”

“I want to do it.”

She stops, lifts her chin to his shoulder.  “Do what?”

He takes a deep breath, and his whole body shakes with it.  “What you said before.  It that, if…”  He steels himself, finds some tiny shred of flimsy courage to say it, to face it.  “If... whipping you is going to do anything, if it’s going to help stop this at all… I want to try it.”

Belle sits up fully, and shifts to his side so she can look him in the eye.  “Okay,” she nods.  “When do you want to do it?”

His hands are shaking.  He plants his palms on his knees and forces them still.  “Tonight.  Tonight, or I’ll change my mind.  And if…”  He shakes his head, pushes the thought, the possibility away.  He can’t afford that possibility.  “Tonight.  I need to do this.”

Belle simply nods, forever his strong, brave, steadfast light in the storm, and kisses him.  “Okay.

She brings him a glass of water, and sits with him a while before lying him down again.  She curls into his side, and as he drifts off, he prays that he has not made a horrible mistake.

----

That evening, Gold waits in the bedroom while Belle gets ready.  He is still fully dressed, wearing his suit as though it is armor, as though it can somehow protect him from whatever horrors might be waiting for him.  He fidgets with the whip anxiously, twisting it in his hands and staring at it over and over.

Countless concerns race through his head like plagues