hand to cup John's cheek. ''Tell me.''

''When I...came out as bi to them, they told me not to come back from war.'' John's voice was thick as he spoke and tears slipped down. Sherlock moved himself so he blocked John from other passengers, protecting him. He continued talking in whispers, eyes wider.

 ''...They didn't like that you're attracted to men?''

John shook his head. ''And, now they said they were willing to meet up with me...''

''Why on earth are you bringing me with you?'' Sherlock asked hurriedly, voice slightly raised. 

''I don't know!'' John spluttered. ''Because you're my boyfriend! And-and you're a big part of my life! They should be aware of your existence in it, because you're important.''

Sherlock stared at John silently for a moment, mouth suddenly dry. He cleared his throat and licked his lips. ''Okay,'' he nodded. ''Okay, I can understand that, but what happens if they kick me out of your house?''

''Then I come with you.'' John said determinedly.

''John...'' Sherlock said slowly, shaking his head. ''This is your family...I'm just me.''

''You're not ''just'' anything! Not to me, Sherlock!''

Sherlock shifted in his seat and licked his lips again. ''I wont forgive myself if I worsen your relationship with your parents!''

John tightened his jaw and he looked out his window. ''We're more than half way there. Can't go back now.''

''You shouldn't have kept that from me. John, you should've told me.'' Sherlock shook his head, leaning back in his seat, arms crossed across his chest.

There was a long time were neither talked to the other, pissed off, yes, but also just worrying about each other.

After too long a wait, John leaned over and pecked Sherlock's cheek, before nuzzling into his neck. ''I should have told you, you're right.''

Sherlock gulped and looked down to John. ''I should've been more caring. This is hard for you.'' he answered, wrapping an arm around John.

John smiled and shut his eyes, leaning into Sherlock. Tell him you love him rang through both their heads.

''Thanks, Sherlock.''

''No problem, John.''

 

Soon, they were tugging two suitcases behind them from the train station.

''It's just down here.'' John said, muscles straining. Wow, I need to start working out again.

Sherlock groaned at the weight of his bags and nodded. ''Nice...' he panted. ''Village here.''

John nodded and turned a corner, a horrible wave of anxiety washing over him. ''Just that house there.'' he nodded to the first house at the edge of the opposite road.

They placed their bags down outside the front door and John looked at Sherlock before knocking on the door.

After a near minute, the door swung open. A small women with mousy-brown hair stepped forward, smiling. ''John!''

It was so false, Sherlock nearly cringed. He watched their stiff hug, and he saw her notice him. 

''John...'' he could hear the worry in her voice. Worry of what? That John is happy with someone? ''Who's this?''

John's words got caught in his throat, and he was honestly terrified of what she would say. So, he panicked. He quickly put some space between himself aand Sherlock. ''My mate!'' he blurted out. ''My friend. Good friend, Sherlock Holmes.''

Sherlock looked to John, but went with it, trying not to feel hurt. He smiled politely at his mother and accepted her awkward hug. 

She shuffled inside, ushering them to follow her. She went out of sight, and Sherlock placed a hand on John's arm.

''What was that?'' he hissed.

''I-I panicked!'' he gasped. ''I'm so sorry. We'll...we'll tell them at dinner, okay?''

Sherlock sighed and nodded. ''Fine, fine, they're your parents.''

John gave him another look to try say sorry, and he stepped in with his bags. Sherlock took a deep breath and followed.

Nothing was said at dinner. John's parents didn't even join them. It was all just tense silences and the clanging of cutlery. Sherlock wasn't angry, per say, but he was definitely hurt. He tried not to be. He understood John's position, and he was able to empathise, but...he just wished John could be a bit more proud. It was disheartening.

They slept in separate bedrooms, and neither got much sleep. John felt immensely guilty. He knew Sherlock already felt insecure about being in a relationship because of past experiences, and now John had only gone and made it worse. And, it was those insecurities that led Sherlock to a sleepless night