happened since he came back from that strange country where he was incarcerated. Between Conrad returning and that man… Well, maybe it wouldn’t be too bad to talk normally either.

                Maybe the smell of coffee in the air keeps Yuuri awake as well. We talk long into the night, him telling me in great detail everything that happened in the prison, and then whatever else came to his mind. Even if he’s just talking about signing documents or morning training as usual these past few days, I listen attentively. His enthusiasm when he speaks makes everything sound fascinating.

                Eventually, he does fall asleep before me. I guess all those trips to the toilet paid off, after all.

                No, I shake my head. I can’t let my guard down yet. There’s a chance he’ll sleep so well tonight he won’t say anything, and then I’ll have to try again.

                For the sake of my liver, I probably shouldn’t try this so often.

                Either way, it’ll be some time until he falls so deep asleep that he starts talking. In the meantime, I just prop my elbows on my pillow and just watch him sleep.

                He looks older now, since the first time I met him. It’s been a year, so of course he does, but… I frown, reaching out for the strands of white in his hair. I first noticed one that night in Seisakoku, but I had hoped it was just an exception.

                There are more now. Has he noticed?

                The wimp, I keep telling him to take it easy. He’s just a rookie king anyway, no one expects him to do everything on his own from the start. And he’d only make things harder on all of us if he falls sick.

                He stirs, as though feeling my gaze on him, and kicks off his blanket. Really, after all the times he complains about me stealing the covers—

                “…don’t…”

                I stiffen, then grasp my fist in triumph.

                “Don’t die…”

                My fist loosens. This… this is what he talks about in his sleep?

                “…Josak…”

                “…no…”

                “……sorry…”

                He’s sweating, but when I touch his forehead, it’s cold. Carefully, in case I wake him, I wipe away the sweat, and put the blanket back around him.

                The next moment, he pushes it away and into me again.

                “Conrad, no!”

                He’s flailing, tossing and turning about as though try to reach out to an invisible arm. In reality, his movements aren’t very exaggerated. If I were asleep, there’s no way I would have noticed a thing. In fact, it’s highly likely he’s been having these nightmares all this time, only I never realized.

                I grip the covers tightly. Never before have I wanted to change my sleeping habits this badly.

                “…ome back…”

                He’s shaking like a leaf. It’s almost autumn, the night is cold, and yet the covers are too stuffy. I press my forehead against his.

                So cold. Has he always been so cold?

                “…Wolf…”

                Finally, I hear my name spoken in his dreams, as he reaches out to grab fistfuls of my nightdress. We’re closer than ever now, but my heart feels cold. I had wanted to hear Yuuri say my name in his sleep, I won’t deny that, but now… I mean, I’m sure that Lord Weller wouldn’t be happy either to know that Yuuri calls out his name like that—

                I pause. Those nights when we were camping out in Seisakoku, Lord Weller was always the one standing guard as we slept. Does he know?

                And Gurrier, too… If he knew he was giving his king nightmares, that loyal spy would never forgive himself.

                I wrap my arms around Yuuri gently, almost wishing he would wake up now. No, what are you thinking, he’s tired… but he’s suffering…

                “…don’t go…”

                “I’m not going anywhere, wimp.”

                My arms are around him, so when I see the tears on Yuuri’s face, I brush them away with my lips.

                The truth is, I’m being biased. Which soldier doesn’t have nightmares? I would have too, if I were on the battlefield as my brothers were. A peaceful sleep is the luxury of the young and uninitiated. Yuuri has grown up, as a king should.

                For the first time, I wished he wouldn’t.

                He doesn’t call my name anymore after that. He doesn’t say anything much anymore, just leaning into my embrace slightly, still holding my nightdress, burying his face in my chest.

                I hold him all the way until daybreak, as he oversleeps, until both of us miss breakfast.

                When he finally wakes up, my name is the first thing he says.

                Why had I hoped for anything more? That’