the kid's face and it made him look absolutely livid. Definitely undeterred. "Do you want to talk or do you want to have sex?"

Neither. Both? Bakura didn't know what to do with – where had it even all come from? He hadn't asked for it. And hating and fucking weren't always the same thing. But the look on Mokuba's face gave him pause. This was a game, somehow. He could tell when he was being fucked with, though not literally, and this was definitely a trap of some sort.

"You are going to pay for that," Bakura spat, because if he started thinking he'd get lost in all of the layers; they would actually end up talking and he wouldn't get laid at all.

He was done with talking, so they fucked instead.

Mokuba got what he wanted. The frustrations of the week littered his body in scars.

Bakura was as careful as he could remember to be - which was not very. But he didn't need a tall jerk in a taller coat on Ryou's doorstep, asking questions, so nothing above the neck. That became another wound, in fact: just the possibility of it; having to be careful at all, to think about others instead of doing whatever he pleased.

Why did it have to be a Kaiba? He punished the kid with his fingers first, rough and unforgiving and leaving more to be desired. There was little fighting back, only fingers slipping and gripping to try to force him forward - inside - but Bakura brushed them away. Mokuba needed to suffer just for being who he was, for being the person underneath him instead of someone else. For being there. Of all the strays to end up with, it had to be this one.

'Hate me,' he had said, and Bakura did.

Hated that he could find pleasure in soft, supple skin; hated that he liked the contrast of inky black hair on white sheets; that, even when they weren't fucking each other silly he secretly admired Mokuba's tenacity. The two of them were constantly playing a game of chess - racing to mend the cracks where they seeped through, to keep their most intimate selves concealed while looking at the other's. Who could see the most, observe the most, manipulate the most and pretend they hadn't seen anything?

He hated that it was this body that was fucking Mokuba into the mattress. Hated this pasty, white, pretty sack of shit that looked more like Ryou than anything else, and that the kid knew it. Bakura hated himself but he liked Mokuba, and made sure the latter paid for both - for it all.

The kid was bleeding when he was through, skin covered in bites and bruises and deep, broken scratches and still begged for it. Still humped desperately against pale fingers as though that were all that would be given. He didn't know whether he was turned on or off by it. As a thief he'd always been drawn to things that were more valuable than they looked. It was why Ryou had been perfect for him.

Mokuba, too.

The only other person to unravel him from the inside was Ryou, and the thought of someone else grasping even a piece of his innermost thread was terrifying. But that was the nature of the game they played and how else would he know for sure that he was alive? The stakes had to be high or it was all worth nothing. Seeing and touching was unreliable because he'd spent thousands of years doing just that, touching his own fucking memories and that amounted to jack shit.

Bakura didn't like feeling fear, though, so that was another transgression - another wound on the kid's body, this time in the shape of his cock. Each stroke was like a stab. He held himself back for a second too long before making each one; made Mokuba wait and suffer the way he always had. But the body below consumed him greedily, took what it would get, thrust up for more and he had to push it back down.

"You're a fucking piece of shit," he said to Mokuba, and to himself. "A fucking pathetic waste of space."

Dark eyes brimmed with tears, but those pretty lips moaned and Mokuba arched to meet him again and Bakura couldn't take it. He pulled out and turned the kid over, fingers digging into tangled black locs, scraping hard against the scalp. Then he re-entered and pushed deep. Mokuba keened beneath him, hands clutching hard at the sheets, rutted against them when he wasn't moving fast enough.

He liked it better this way. Bakura wouldn't have been able to resist the urge to spit in that face, mar it with his hate until it was unrecognizable and thus could only be his. Red smeared below them and it sounded like Mokuba was sobbing. It was music to his ears. He loved it, and hated that he did; added claw marks to that back for his