lives."

Zayn chortles to himself. Nothing. No movement at all. He can hear and feel his pulse through his neck and his fingertip pulsing through the trigger. That's all he can feel.

"Don't act—"

So fast—not even in the blink of an eye, Zayn's reflex kicked, twirling behind him to already grip the lad trying to sneak up on him with his petty little blades. Niall's writhing his wrists free before he can jab his foot up to Zayn's stomach. His backflip pushes him a foot away—giving him time pull out a new and hold against his face. He watches Zayn stumble back, dropping his gun to hold his stomach, never anticipated that cheap kick from him.

"Don't act like some philosopher, Zayn." The cynical side of Niall is coming out through his laughter. Zayn's watching Niall glare back at him with the knife close to his face. Hand gripping the handle; his fingers are at the base with the blade lining up against his arm. "I'm going to kill you and I'll enjoy doing it."

Exploding in laughter, Zayn claps his hands together, pushing his sleeves up to his elbows. Closing his fists, he readies himself in a stance, cracking his neck to the left. "Drop the blade, sweetie. You might enjoy it just using your bare hands."

Niall gives a quick huff, lunging forward to Zayn with his blade at hand. Zayn's losing breath each time he's eluding from Niall's swipe. Zayn does a quick duck and jabs his fist right on his ribs. All of the knowledge of his fighting, it's all coming from boxing and jujitsu. He knows a thing or two with a knife; but he's seen Niall's skill around the house. It was quiet and a big contrast between chopping and throwing. He should've seen it coming.

"Fuck!" Zayn hisses at the graze on his cheek. It's fire he's feeling out of his skin, and the heat is dripping down. It's in his luck that he dodged at the right time. If he was any closer, the cut would've been deeper that he'd fall back.

Except, Niall's challenging his patience with his little toy that Zayn won't give up. Not even with a cut on his face—it's only a paper cut to him.

"Come on, Niall." Zayn exhales through his smirk, beckoning his fingers at him. "Lose your toy and dance with me."

"Fine." Niall huffs, dropping his knife ever so fast that Zayn's trying to free himself from Niall's charge. They're both locked against each other, but it's Zayn who's falling back over the coffee table.

The glass vase centrepiece shatters and everything else clatters to the floor. Zayn's pushing himself back up—despite the ache and pain running through his body slamming on their coffee table. But he's trapped—struggling at Niall's hand gripping around his neck. One by one, swipe after swipe, Niall's fist keeps going against Zayn's face. His fist is aching against his bones. Through his anger, he doesn't feel the need to stop. Zayn's not even fighting against or it's not bothering Niall at all that Zayn's fingers are gripping his shirt.

That's because Zayn's pulling him in closer. Niall's digging his feet down, yet Zayn's strength is much stronger than his as he pulls himself against Niall. Then BAM! Niall falls back, groaning and holding his forehead. He got a fucking head-butt!

"Oh fuck," Holding his forehead with his palm, Niall hisses. He's disoriented—stumbling around, shaking his head to get his sight back all right again. Hell, his head is throbbing and that's not the only bad thing: Zayn's peeling himself all the table. And he's not fucked up at all.

"Tu as fini?" Zayn shuts his eyes tight for a second, exhaling before making his move. His whole face is piercing that it feels normal to him—that the blood from his nose, lips, and cheeks don't matter at all. Or maybe, his adrenaline is kicking in, and it's on high.

He grabs Niall by his neck, free from any struggle but Niall trying to pull his hand away. He can hear Niall gasping for air, his eyes getting bigger as the seconds pass. Anger's fuelling Zayn, fuelling him to the point Zayn's slamming him against the wall. Before Niall's even realizing it, he's falling on his knees and hands.

It's almost a concussion, but it's just a hard hit from his head to the wall from Zayn's strength. He's catching his breath, only to get one in his system. A straight kick to