blinked. The shock was very clear on her face. 



“R-really?” she asked. 



“Y-yeah,” Kazuha replied, just a little breathlessly. She stared off into space too afraid to meet Ran’s gaze even though she was sure the other girl didn’t suspect a thing. Her eyes drifted until she was looking at the clock. 



“Oh no, Ran-chan! We’re over boiling the cabbage!” she exclaimed. 



Ran reacted quickly. She grabbed the pot off the stove in record time and drained the water into the sink, holding the pot with her sweet arm muscles. Kazuha nearly drooled a little. 



“I’ll grab a bowl,” she quickly said. 



“I think I saw some in the cabinet near the one I got the pot from,” Ran said, distractedly. 



Kazuha nodded, even though Ran couldn’t see her, and opened the cabinet Ran spoke of. A large bowl was indeed there. She grabbed it and turned back to Ran just in time to see her grabbing a cutting board. She then began to mince the cooled down cabbage. 



Kazuha came to stand beside her, mixing seven ingredients in the large bowl. Ran soon added the cabbage to the mix. Then she she grabbed the gyoza wrappers and they both began to wrap the gyoza.



“Do I know them? The person you have this.. new crush on?” Ran asked. 



“Uh.. yes,” Kazuha replied. 



“Really?” Ran asked, utterly surprised. 



Kazuha pursed her lips. 



“Will you tell me who it is?” Ran hesitantly asked. 



Kazuha paused. She took a deep breath and squared herself. She then turned to face Ran. There was no running away. Whatever will happen.. will just have to happen. 



“It’s.. you,” she whispered, barely audible. 



“What?” Ran asked, furrowing her brows. 



“It’s you!” Kazuha exclaimed.



Ran’s eyebrows flew up and her mouth dropped wide open. As the shock began to set in, she began to turn red as a tomato. 



“M-me?!” she stammered.



“Y-yeah… I know we’re just friends and it’s fine if you don’t see me that way, I’m not expecting anyth-” she rambled on quickly before Ran cut her off. 



“I’ve.. never thought of you like that but.. I’m not.. against it,” Ran managed to mumble. 



Kazuha stared at Ran with something akin to hope in her eyes. This wasn’t a rejection and that was already better than she had hoped. 



Kazuha reached to grab a gyozo wrapper and her hand brushed against Ran’s. Kazuha was about to move her hand away but Ran grabbed it and after a moment, laced their fingers together. Ran shyly gave a tentative smile before turning even more beet red, her face nearly steaming. Kazuha wasn’t any better. 



“The gyoza are all wrapped up,” Ran laughed nervously. 



“We just need to cook them now,” Kazuha mumbled. 



A noise startled them from behind. Their hands broke apart as they grabbed the silver cutlery and held it in front of them. 



“Ah, no…” it was the kitchen chiefs had come back to check up on them. 



“We just wanted to say that if you’re going to use the stove, make sure you turn it off after you’re done…” one of the three chiefs said. 



“Ah, okay,” Ran said. 



“We know,” Kazuha said, nodding. 



This seemed a bit weird to the girls. It wasn’t like they didn’t know how to operate in a kitchen. Kazuha figured they must have wanted to say something else. Probably something to do with a crime. There was no way a crime didn’t happen while Ran’s father the great detective Mouri and Heiji were here. 



“Let’s cook the gyoza,” Kazuha said, momentarily forgetting what happened previously. 



“Ah okay,” Ran nodded. The tips of her ears were still pink. She grabbed a pan and began to cook. 



It was a while before Ran spoke again.



“I’d.. I think I’d like to try dating maybe,” she mumbled. 



Kazuha, who was in the middle of breathing like she wasn’t affected by being this close to her friend right after she confessed, choked on air.



With a worried expression, Ran shifted over and hit her on the back, trying to help her. It didn’t really help but Kazuha stopped making death noises anyway. She blinked back tears and unconsciously leaned in closer to Ran. By the time she could once again notice her surroundings, she and Ran were very much in each other’s space. They stared at each other.



Kazuha swallowed thickly as Ran’s eyelashes fluttered. This was her chance. She began to move closer and closer to Ran until their noses nearly bumped into each other. She went very slowly, giving Ran plenty of time to realize what she was doing and to bail out. Ran