'd just shovel it down his gullet anyway' Keith thought as they walked into the elevator but nothing could bring down his mood after seeing Shiro, and somehow he felt they were closer for him sharing such an intimate part of his and Allura's life, he felt like he should also share that trust back.

XXX

The house rumbled under the instructions of Captain Lance to take away Admiral Shiro "Mwahaha! The Six Seas belong to me!" Lance tried a deep a voice as possible which only made it cuter "Captain shouldn't there be seven?" Pidge said as she tied up Shiro and pushed him into the kitchen "There is First Mate Auntie! Which is why one is yours!" Lance beamed up at her "Well I suppose Hunk would be my first mate, so you can be my map person!" Lance raised his arms in victory bellowing louder with Pidge tagging along. Shiro managed to drag himself to the doorway still wear his admirals hat "What about your dear old dad?" He huffed out, Lance just shrugged, yawning loudly

"I think someone is down for a nap" Pidge remarked at the little form of Lance sliding down the sofa and rubbing his eyes, Shiro broke free and came into the living room to see his son gently drifting off, he'd had a busy day what with running around, meeting Keith and then becoming a pirate "Cmon buddy, lets get you down for a nap" Shiro delicately picked up Lance, carried him upstairs and tucked him away "Did you have a good day?" Shiro stroked Lance's hair "I did dad, I did" Lance had lost all his energy its to be expected when you're constantly running around.

Allura stepped through the door she breathed a sigh of relief that today was over, she could relax and watch some TV, she saw Pidge lying there, drained and no sign of Shiro or Lance. Lance must be going down for a nap she thought, which she was glad for because that meant she could have a glass of wine and not feel guilty, she doesn't like drinking around children, she's constantly worried that they'll copy her. She kicked off her heels, waved weakly at Pidge who exchanged one back, and stepped into the kitchen for that well deserved wine.

Shiro stepped into the kitchen too "Allura we need to talk" He said sighing, sitting in a chair, she whined back at him, making a noise rather than actually talking "Allura" Shiro said softly, she poured him a glass too, but she remained at the island maintaining her stance of annoyance, Pidge joined them also, standing in the doorway joining Allura with an irrated look "So spill Shiro" she took a sip of her wine and leaning against the stove hoping everything went okay with Keith today 

"I didn't tell Keith the truth" Shiro said earning a sigh from Allura, she was preparing to lecture him about it, Pidge had obviously done her share but Shiro tended to listen to Allura more, when he continued with "I lied and said he was your son". Everything went still in the kitchen Shiro knew he messed up, Allura was one of those people who got silent when she was furious, he winced at her dragging the seat our next to him and sat down, she didn't even give him a glance "So now what?" Allura said quietly, Shiro was terrified of what she was going to do and shook his head, he looked like on the verge of of tears, today had been one disaster after another, he felt so drained, so tired "Shiro go to bed" Allura ordered, there was no room for argument with her, he felt like a child almost now, so small, so weak. He dragged himself up the stairs and went to sleep on top of the covers in his clothes.

Pidge and Allura remained downstairs, Allura downed both her wine and Shiro's "What are you going to do Allura?" Pidge asked, she didn't know what she was doing either, tell Keith and mess everything up for Shiro, don't tell Keith and who knows when he'll find out or whether he'll be okay with it all "I'm going to trust Shiro, its not what I want to do but there's not a whole lot else we can do" Allura said, washing the dishes from the day, whist her and Pidge sat in silence.

XXX

"And then we cuddled on the sofa" Keith grinned to Lotor who was trying to cook them both some dinner "Oh he makes me feel, umph!" Keith jumped up to show his excitement and love for Shiro, Lotor loved what Shiro had done for his brother, seeing the happiness that both brought to each other well what that whole group of people did for Keith. He wasn't a social creature, between bad boyfriends and his parents, Keith just didn't think it was worth getting to know people if they were going to let you down eventually, but then Shiro burst into his life with all his friends and Keith become a whole