at it, swirling her tongue before she works her way down.  Harry can’t help the groans that come out of his mouth, his hand holding the back of Niall’s neck steady until she pulls off, rubbing her sore lips with her fingers. Harry brandishes a condom from his back pocket and tears it open, thanking Niall when she helps him roll it on.  Soon after, Niall’s straddling Harry again, holding his cock in place until she’s all the way down, sighing heavily from the way he fills her up. She holds onto the lapels of Harry’s shirt and bounces rhythmically, lower lip tucked between her teeth when his thrusts meet the roll of her hips.  She yelps when Harry spanks her, burying her face in his neck when she begs him to fuck her even harder. Niall stops for a moment and positions her feet flat on the chair, bending herself backwards with her hands placed firmly on the floor.  “I-I’m not so sure this is safe,” Harry says, but she just closes her legs and thrusts her hips, taking him by surprise when he moans and hangs his head back. Harry’s thumb finds its way to Niall’s clit, rubbing at it while she takes control of his cock.  She keeps up her rhythm until her entire body trembles and strains her voice moaning Harry’s name, eyes rolling to the back of her head when she comes. “Fuck, that was so hot,” Harry says, bringing Niall back up to him. Niall rests her forehead over Harry’s and she rolls her hips again, knowing he’s close and won’t last that long.  She rides Harry as fast as she can until he stills and holds her in place, hips flush against each other when he lets out his orgasm. “I’ve never been fucked like that so early in the day, that was amazing,” Harry breathes out, running a hand through his messy curls. “Won’t be the last,” she snorts, sloppily kissing him.  Harry places his hand on the small of Niall’s back then slides it down to cup her ass, his kiss so laden with tongue she has to push him away before she gets hot again. “You kiss all your Janes like that or just me?” “Always you, Miss Niall.” “Bet you say that to all of them,” she teases. Harry grins, carefully tucking a strand of Niall’s hair behind her ear.  “Too bad you can’t prove it.”


Louis hands his ticket to a different valet, and Niall can see her red Jaguar pulling up behind several cars, waiting patiently for the other patrons to leave.  Niall doesn’t enjoy the awkward silence between her and Louis, but he catches on, noticing her curious expression.



“I’m no longer suspended, if that’s what you’re wondering,” he starts, and Niall’s ears perk up.


Additional warnings: mammary intercourse

I'm pretty sure there's an actual word for Louis' "problem", but I can't seem to find it?  Help me out if you know it!

Also, Louis' look is inspired by this photo.

Title from "Know The Difference" by INXS

Louis TomlinsonAge: 25Level: PremiumPrice Per Hour: $45,000

*To: Niall Horan From: Breslin Agency Subject: Code of Conduct Miss Horan, As a loyal member of Breslin Agency, it is with regret that I must inform you of the behavior regarding Premium model, Louis Tomlinson.  Several complaints have been filed against Mr. Tomlinson, claiming he partakes in damaging the personal property of his clients, many of them including expensive clothing that cannot be repaired or replaced. This behavior is unacceptable to the agency’s code of conduct and will not be tolerated.  As part of my disciplinary action to ensure the safety of our clientele, Mr. Tomlinson’s services have been suspended until further notice. Regards, Bressie, CEO — At the insistence of a friend, Niall reluctantly goes on a date with a carpenter named Travis.  She meets him at an oceanside restaurant for lunch one weekend, and is instantly attracted to him the moment she sees him.  He’s tall, broad, and huntsman-like; his voice deep enough to send a vibration between Niall’s legs. They order their food and chat for a while, getting to know each other while Niall figures out whether or not she’d like to take him home.  Everything seems great until their food arrives, and Niall sits in silent horror watching Travis eat his seafood paella. He hoovers his plate and chews with the oddest of sounds, the food in his mouth as visible as a load of laundry tumbling in a dryer.  Bits of rice stick to the ends of his beard, the rim of his glass marked with the grease from his lips when he takes a gulp of his ice cold beer.  Despite their initial attraction, Travis’ barbaric eating habits is a deal breaker, and Niall wants nothing more than to stay as far away from him as possible