.”


Simon had smiled at her then, and she had realized that he was a lot kinder than he appeared on the outside. Not only that, his heart, though it was fundamentally different from Juniper’s and sounded as though it could possess that scritching edge if push really came to shove, emitted a comfortable, cool tranquility which was immediately soothing enough that she dared to take her headphones off in his presence, even though she was not supposed to. She had then asked him what this “honor” thing was, and he had patiently explained that one had honor if one was doing the right thing, and was brave, honest, and polite at all times, like a samurai. Athena had known what that was, since her Mommy liked Japanese things a lot, and they had talked a bit about the old Steel Samurai show they aired on TV in the early evenings, which Simon told her he had often watched reruns of while studying. Then, Mommy had come out of Miss Aura’s lab to greet him, and he had winked at Athena before walking down the corridor with her.

When she had first told Juniper about it, her friend had not believed her. “Really, Athena? He still looks totally scary to me…”

And now, just the other day, she had seen her regular visitor approaching the entrance of the Space Center from the window at the same time as Simon, and when she had hesitated upon seeing him, he had turned toward her and said something. The soundproofing of the building was good enough that Athena had not managed to overhear their conversation even with her sensitive ears, but she had seen that Junie had been smiling before both of them had entered through the big double doors.

The corners of Juniper's lips curved up again now as she finished making a slightly out-of-proportion potted plant for the corner of their living room.

“You said he was nice a couple of weeks ago, right? I know I’ve been a big scaredy-cat, but…”

She blushed a little. “He is really nice, isn’t he?”

Athena was suddenly a bit annoyed when she saw the rosy red on her friend’s cheeks appear, and heard a note that she had only ever gotten before when Miss Aura talked to Mommy.

“Yeah, and when I’m all grown up, I’m gonna marry him!”

Junie looked at her skeptically. “You can’t just decide that by yourself!”

“Totally can!” Athena let the Lego block she was holding fall to the ground as she put her hands on her hips. “Mommy once told me that when she saw Daddy for the first time, she knew she was going to marry him… and I saw Simon first, so there!”

That would teach Junie that she could not just come in after three whole weeks and steal him away from her.

Juniper, however, did not seem to want to give up just yet. “Hey, but… but maybe he doesn’t wanna marry you! When I talked to him, he told me how much he likes watching birds and stuff, and that he has his own hawk! Maybe he’d like to live in the deep woods with me, and not in this stupid old lab!”

The scritch from her heart made Athena only angrier.

“Oh yeah? When I talked to him, we both said that we liked the Steel Samurai a lot – Simon’s a samurai, you know? And I know all this Japanese-y stuff ‘cuz Mommy likes it, and he’s learning things from Mommy, so he’d probably want to be here more than in your stupid woods!”

“The woods aren’t stupid, Thena!” Junie frowned, and the voice of her heart became even more scritchy.

Athena paid no attention to the door opening behind her when she suggested hotly, “Okay, fine, let’s do ‘Rock-Paper-Sword’ to decide, just like they do on the Steel Samurai show when they don’t want to fight!”

“Oh? What are you girls trying to decide then? Sure sounds pretty serious, if fighting’s the alternative.” Miss Aura had come in, and when Athena looked over her shoulder, she saw Simon standing behind his sister.

She glanced back at Juniper, who was starting to blush again, and once more became angry.

“Hold your hand out, Junie, ‘cuz here I come! One, two, three!”

Athena’s sword cut her friend’s paper.

“Hah! See? I’m gonna marry him!”

Miss Aura emitted a disbelieving snorting sound. “Hold on… you’re deciding on who gets to marry someone with a game? And who’s the lucky guy?”

“Simon!” Athena grinned triumphantly.

The room was silent for a moment.

Then, the engineer suddenly began to bark out a laugh, loudly enough for Athena’s hands to twitch upwards and clamp over her headphones, while she pounded on poor Clonco’s head with her hand.

“