buck up slightly.

“I see.”

He slowly opened the zipper at the side of her skirt, hooking his fingers under the upper hem of it, her leggings and her panties, and began to pull all three over her hips at once, one of his hands sliding underneath her ass for a moment to motion for her to lift it up.

When he had finally fully divested her of her clothing, he was kneeling at her feet, his gaze taking her in hungrily.

“Forgive me if I’m staring… but you are captivating.”

Athena felt a slight blush stealing its way onto her cheeks even as she managed to joke weakly thanks to the lull in activity, “Now who’s being cheesy?”

He countered with a smirk, “I dare say everyone is aware of my tendencies in that regard, as well.”

Placing his hands on the mattress, he lowered his head to her ankle, beginning to tortuously slowly kiss his way up, the tip of his tongue drawing meaningless designs on the inside of her thigh for an interminable moment before it flicked across her clit in a sudden forward surge.

The surprising contact, in conjunction with feeling his breath huffing against her most intimate place, his lips and tongue exploring and tasting her with obvious enjoyment, forced a high-pitched outcry from Athena’s mouth. Her fingers clawed into his hair, involuntarily pulling on the long black strands in an attempt to draw him even closer, feeling more of him. Simon’s groan only stoked her arousal, as his heart plainly let her know that the hint of pain she had just caused him had, in fact, served to heighten his own desire.

When she managed to open her eyes and glance down at him, his face nestled between her legs, she could see that he had reached back with his right hand, his arm movements indicating that he was stroking himself while licking her.


Oh god, this turns you on so much that you’re going for round two?


Well, he had told her that he really enjoyed doing this yesterday, had he not?

Additionally, the way his breathing became deeper, his exhales more forceful, as he let his tongue drag wet circles over and around her clitoris, sometimes sliding it along the inside of her labia to taste her gathering wetness, drove her towards her peak at incredible speed. Suddenly, she could feel the slick muscle dipping inside her shallowly, only to lick its way back up, and then a low groan vibrated against her most sensitive spot.

Athena’s back arched slightly as she sought yet more contact, more of his low voice betraying his own nearing climax, more of everything. She could feel the now-familiar sensation of her muscles beginning to tense, spurred on by his harsh exhales, and her hands, still fisted into his hair, drew back reflexively, tugging hard. Simon’s moan, uttered at a somewhat higher pitch, its cadence one of helpless need, felt like it reverberated through her. Still, the quick movements of his tongue never stopped, pushing her closer and closer to the brink, and finally causing her to tumble over it.

Her peak hit her with much more force than yesterday, suspending her in an almost floating sensation which dulled her senses. Uncomprehendingly, she heard Simon’s utterances as if from very far away, his heart for once a mystery to her, her vision narrowed to the point of nearly graying out for a split second. Then, the impressions came flooding back as her breathing set in again, and she sank back to the mattress, just in time to witness Simon groaning roughly as he spent himself.

A moment later, he came to a rest on his side next to her, his arm wrapping around her.

“I’m afraid I just made a mess on your sheets.”

He did not sound particularly sorry.

Athena laughed. “Guess what? I’ve been informed that sex isn’t always squeaky-clean, and I’m sure putting them in the laundry will take care of that.”

Snuggling up closer to him, she added, “And since it’s not all that late yet, you don’t get to escape from my clutches right away tonight.”

Simon kissed her temple as he drew her against himself. “Would you believe it? My luck is still holding out. I will somehow have to convince Aura that I positively despise those briefs, so she is tempted to give me another pair.”

“Weirdo.” She snickered.

“Temptress.” His nickname for her sounded a whole lot nicer, although he was obviously not too heartbroken about her appellation.

They spent a good hour just lying there, trading banter on occasion, before they shared a quick shower. After he had aided Athena in changing her bed sheets, they said goodbye to each other for the evening.

Unfortunately, both Simon and Athena were being presented with separate complex cases the following day, which kept them occupied into the evening hours with the necessary investigations. Athena slumped a little after having received his text as she filled out the last form for court tomorrow, causing Apollo to quip at