. Even I was fooled," Schneizel noted calmly, expressionless.

"Disguise?" Kanon's face hovered between anger and fear. "Yes…a disguise."

Schneizel drew out his handkerchief. There was a water basin, cool and clean. He offered the dampened cloth to Kanon. "You're make-up is running," he said. When Kanon didn't move, he tipped the younger man's face up, rubbing gently at a black streak crawling down his cheek. Kanon was stiff, his eyes wide. "I used to do this for my sisters," Schneizel said conversationally. "You don't want it to set, or it will be impossible to get off later."

"I can do it myself," Kanon mumbled, grabbing the handkerchief. He leaned over the basin, and Schneizel watched his profile, the line of his back. Even the most observant person could blind himself to something unexpected. Now, he could see Kanon in every motion, every word. There were small differences, in the way he postured himself, the way his hands moved. A certain womanly grace about him that seemed strangely natural.

"Schneizel-sama," Kanon said quietly, looking up at him, his face still wet. "I apologize for my insolence." His eyes were red, but looking better now.

"Why were you sent here?"

"Because I'm expendable." Kanon's eyes never wavered. "I'm a freak. I'm…I'm this." He motioned downwards, to the elegant gown he wore. "A man like a woman." He gulped, his eyes closed. "I will take whatever punishment you deign for me, Schneizel-sama."

'Male, Schneizel thought slowly. 'Female.' He understood, of course, but, like many things, he simply didn't care. "Will you work for me, Kanon?"

"What?" Kanon's voice was choked.

"You're intelligent, adaptable. I have use for a person such as you."

"I don't deserve…"

Schneizel cut him off. "I don't care about your personal life. As long as you are loyal to me, and me alone, I will let you do as you please."

Kanon still looked at him in disbelief for a moment, before slowly kneeling. "Schneizel-sama, I will be yours for as long as you want me." He took Schneizel's hand and kissed the ring on his finger.

The sight of him kneeling was oddly arousing, Schneizel thought in amusement. Truly, male or female didn't matter to him, only beauty.

"Do you want me, Schneizel-sama?" Surely he was imagining that coy tone in Kanon's voice? But, no, the younger was looking up at him adoringly.

"Is this part of your loyalty?" he asked."…yes," Kanon replied after a moment. Before Schneizel could reply, he added, "You are not taking advantage of me." He smiled. "In fact, I may be taking advantage of you, my prince, and your comforting arms."

"Certainly not," Schneizel replied slowly. A bit of mutual pleasure sounded quite fine, especially after the annoyances of the party. It was almost…amusing, lifting up the soft skirt to grasp at the hot flesh beneath, to listen to Kanon moan breathily—his voice cracking high notes in one breath and lower, masculine tones with the next—as he pressed against the wall, spread open, begging for sex.

The clothes were more impressive than he'd imagined, soft and fluffy, smooth and warm between their skin, hiding long legs and shapely hips. The font was tighter, more like a bodice, but his hands slid upwards across a flat stomach and chest to tease at pert nipples.

Kanon's mouth was wet and lush, and when Schneizel tipped his head back, he could see the long line of his neck, disappearing into a low-cut neckline. Strange, to feel a male chest, but to see the fabric fold and curl as if to hide soft breasts.

He caught a handful of Kanon's long hair and grasped it gently. He didn't remember this. The Kanon he remembered had short hair. He pondered for a moment at the mysterious appearance of the waves of silk-soft hair that fell across the younger man's shoulders.

Kanon gasped and moaned, causing a flicker of a smile to rise on Schneizel's lips as he watched him. "Do you enjoy being vocal?" he asked, smoothing his fingers down the smooth stockings that sheathed his legs, nearly the color of his flesh.

"To be honest, it's usually for the benefit of others."

"Most things are." Kanon's body was slender beneath the shape of the dress, hidden away. Even as he peeled the clothes away, they were still covering him up. "Perhaps…we can agree not to worry about others?"

"You don't even need to worry about me, Schneizel-sama