You weren't really hurting each other, just sharing some techniques and skills you had learned today. You would stop yourselves right before you hit the other one, or try to slow down yourself as much as you could before you actually would by accident.

	"Ymir really doesn't like you, does she," Armin asks as he blocks a fake punch to the face from you, but it's more of a statement than a question. 

	You stand back with your arms blocking your face from Armin's next move, and shrug with a slight down turn of the corners of your mouth. "I guess not," you reply. "She doesn't really seem to like anyone though, other than Krista," you mumble and Armin nods as he attempts a new kicking technique he claimed to have seen earlier.

	"Yeah, I guess. But she seems to really have something against you, as if you've done her wrong or something..." Armin pauses, and you take the moment to kick the wooden dagger out of his hand. It slides away into the grass. "Whatever, it's probably nothing. We should probably get our dinner before Sasha eats it," Armin says suddenly and retrieves the dagger from the grass.

	He looks like he's hiding something from you, but you're not one to pry. So you walk back to the mess hall beside Armin, extremely tired from fighting all day. Everyone is already asleep by the time you two make it to the cafeteria, and your dinner is cold but you eat it anyway because you don't really have a choice. Out of nowhere, Armin suddenly blurts out something you hadn't really thought of before from the other side of the table.

	"Who do you think will make it into the top 10?" he asks you. 

	You take a sip of water before answering.

	"I dunno. Mikasa, Eren... Annie. Jean, Reiner. Probably Ymir and Marco." You pause to take a bite of your bread. "Why?" You ask and Armin stands up. He looks a little bit hurt.

	"Oh, no reason, I was just curious. I'm going to sleep now, good night, (Y/N)," he says abruptly and leaves you alone, sitting in the mess hall. It takes you longer than it should to realize that you forgot to mention him when listing off who you thought would make it into the top ten, and that he was probably hurt over that. 

	You felt extremely guilty as you solemnly shuffled towards the girls dorm, changing your clothes before climbing into your bed above Sasha's and falling asleep almost immediately. 

                                                                                                                                                       ***	The next 3 years of training were grueling and the most difficult thing you've ever been through, physically AND emotionally. Some of the tasks you had to do made you consider quitting multiple times, leaving the military to get a job on a farm pulling vegetables and milking cows. But you kept pushing yourself to the limit, telling yourself that you've made it this far and it's too late to back down now, that you only had 2.5 years left, only 18 months left, only one year left, only 3 months left, only 2 days left....

	You would be lying if you didn't say that your friends were the main reason you were able to make it through, with them always encouraging you to never give up and cheering you on every step of the way. You remained friends with everyone you had a previously established good relationship with, and remained... 'Not so close,' with everyone you had a previously existing bad relationship with. 

	You fought as hard as you could, pushed yourself to the limit and as a result became one of the strongest soldiers there was in the 104th trainee squad. You ended up graduating in 2nd place, right next to Mikasa. You wanted to scream and jump up in the air with delight when you found out, but controlled yourself and didn't end up celebrating at all. 

	You felt really bad when you learned that Armin hadn't made it into the top 10, and still felt just a little bit responsible for that, for making him doubt himself, but you tried your best to let it slide and focus on yourself. You knew he was a strong soldier, even if he lacked the necessary physical strength needed. He was an essential to your team, and you told yourself that you would tell him that if he ever felt upset or doubted his abilities ever again.

	You were now stationed on top of Wall Rose, along with a bunch of other soldiers. You zoned out as they talked with each other, drowned out the commotion of Sasha stealing food from the kitchen again with your own thoughts. Eren was complaining that this was too boring, and everyone was either mad at Sasha or asking for a slice of whatever she had found.

	Soon it would be time to choose what military branch you wanted to join, and you weren't so sure which one you wanted to join. You could always take the easy route and join the Military