that caused him the greatest trepidation because he knew if he’d had trouble talking to Pearl, then he’d be unable to speak with Iris. In the end, Diego wasn’t sure if Iris was one of the people he wanted or deserved forgiveness from, insofar as he deserved forgiveness from everyone. 

It seemed, however, that Iris was mostly content to talk. For someone who was so apparently shy, it was easy for people to overlook her determination.  She told him about her time in prison, and Diego felt exposed then. He was the reason she’d gone through all that, but instead of immediately thanking him, she continued with her story, telling him what she wanted to do with the rest of her life. She summed it up by saying it had been a motivating, previously not thought of, but necessary experience. 

He wondered if this was Iris’s way of saying that she didn’t mind what had happened, and for some reason, that discomforted him. Why was he the only one, now, who realised the truth – that if it hadn’t been for him, everyone would be happier? 

Iris, however, seemed content regardless, and Diego instead decided to try and feel happy for her instead.

Even Franziska von Karma came to visit with a bouquet of flowers and a scowl on her face. When Diego laughed and thanked her sarcastically, she glared at him, the hold on the whip she seemed to always have in hands tightening. But then her gaze softened, pitying, almost, and Diego hated that. 

“Even I can’t whip a dying fool,” Franziska said, and that was when Diego realised that Franziska von Karma would always have the subtlety of a spoonful of salt in a coffee. 

The next visitors would be his last. In all honesty, Diego hadn’t expected Phoenix Wright to visit him, but that surprise was nothing in comparison to the man’s current appearance – he was dressed like a vagrant. In other words, he looked like Diego felt. 

But that wasn’t the biggest surprise of all. 

The most surprising thing Phoenix Wright had in store for Diego that day was the fact that Phoenix had a daughter. Godot had known the man recently – as recently as he could, now the passage of time seemed to have come to a standstill – and he didn’t seem old enough to have a daughter this girl’s age. “Say hello to Mr. Armando, Trucy,” Wright said, before nudging his beanie down over an eye and walking out the door again. 

Bad as his eyesight was right now, Diego knew that was no ordinary hat. In a way, it reminded him of the mask he used to wear, if not in functionality, then in intent. But it was no use to dwell on that now, no point in wondering what had become of Phoenix Wright. That was a different world; a world that had been content in moving on without him. He wasn’t Godot anymore – no-one waited for him. 

He’d almost forgotten the girl, almost closed his eyes and fallen asleep, awaiting the inevitable when she chirped up. “Hello, Mr. Armando,” she said, tipping her hat, a cheerful lilt in her voice. “Daddy’s told me some things about you.” 

“Oh?” Diego asked, wondering what, possibly, Phoenix Wright could’ve told her that would’ve been a suitable for a girl her age. 

“Well, actually,” the girl answered, her arms crossed over her chest, eyes skyward, “he didn’t tell me anything, really.” The she looked at him directly, gaze piercing. In that moment, Diego felt more vulnerable then ever – strange, that, he’d grown used to the feeling, confined to a hospital bed as he was. “You’re dying, aren’t you?” the girl asked shrewdly. 

He laughed then, laughed at her innocence that allowed her to ask such a question so directly, without the hostility that came from such a person like Franziska von Karma. “Yeah, I am – Trucy, was it?” 

The girl – Trucy – nodded, before hoisting herself up onto the end of Diego’s bed; she was still short, maybe nine or ten years old, legs swinging off the edge, still not long enough to reach the floor. She seemed to mull this over, head resting on the palm of her hand, almost as though she was searching for the right words. And Diego wasn’t sure if she didn’t manage to find them, or just had a strange perception on right and wrong, but finally she came to a decision and said, “Well, that’s no fun!” 

Diego’s laugh was becoming drier and drier. He used to be good with kids. Back before this all started, back when he was a hot-shot attorney with a big head and bigger dreams, he’d wanted to have a family. He’d even found the right girl, finally,