waits with bated breath as Dorian looks up to meet Theodores eyes. Maybe it is too much to ask of him. He may not be able to return to the Venatori, but that doesn’t mean that he wants to join the enemy.

The man’s grey eyes catch the moonlight, its cold reflection speaking more than words ever could as the man nods slowly, “If you’ll have me.” The man says and Theodore blinks at him in surprise. The man has just chosen a life of imprisonment with the inquisition over freedom with the Venatori; if this is all a massive deception then Theodore is very impressed as the pang of sympathy in is chest has him falling hook, line, and sinker.

Theodore watches as the man takes a long drink. He knows his offer of working with them isn’t something he can actually offer, and by the look in Dorian’s eyes, he knows too. He wishes he could promise that they won’t throw him into a prison cell to rot but that would be a lie, and, Venatori or not, he at least deserves the truth.

Dorian sighs and gets to his feet with a slight wobble. Theodore follows him, holding onto the man’s arm, telling himself it was to make sure he didn’t fall because of any injuries he had missed and not because he too needed the support.

“You don’t have to hold me you know; I’m not going to run.” Dorian says as he moves towards to balcony with Theodore still supporting him by his side.

“You wouldn’t be able to run even if you tried.” Theodore says softly as Dorian transfers his weight from him to the railing. Theodore joins him, leaning against the cold stone balcony, ignoring the way the stonework grates at his aching forearms as he looks out at the starlit courtyard, a soft warm breeze washing over him and he sighs gently.

The darkness hides the blood stains well, Theodore notes, the earlier battle coming back to the forefront of his mind along with guilt. He could have – should have – tried to talk to Florianne, then maybe no one would have had to die. But no, in typical Theodore style he had made the wrong choice and people had ended up dead. His party had almost ended up dead. If it wasn’t for Dorian –

Theodore turns his head slightly to watch the man out of the corner of his eyes. Dorian notices and turns to face him, his grey eyes studying him carefully like he was trying to decipher a difficult text. “You don’t have to feel guilty you know?” He says, in a soft voice that seems out of character from the man he had spoken to merely moments ago. Theodore looks back at him confused and he continues, “The Duchess made bad choices.”

“Am I that transparent?” Theodore asks with a sigh, running a hand through his hair, ruining any of the remaining styling which Josephine had attempted to put into it before they arrived.

“Right now you are an open book.” There is a pause before Dorian adds, “it doesn’t do to dwell” with the 'I should know' remaining unspoken.

Theodore gives him a small smile. “It’s in my nature to dwell. So many people have died because of decisions I have made, how can I not think about how it could have been avoided?” Theodore looks over the grounds again, if Dorian hadn’t helped him out earlier, would he have killed him when he had found him on the balcony? Probably. Why does saving the world have to involve so many deaths along the way?

“What you need is a distraction.” The man beside him says, abruptly breaking the solemn silence which had fallen over them. “I have an idea,” He says, offering a hand in front of Theodore, “let’s dance.”

Theodore looks at him startled, now this was the last thing he thought the man would suggest.

“Dance?” He says, stumbling over the word as if it is foreign as panic begins to bubble in his chest.

“Yes dance!” the man replies with an enthusiastic smile. “We are at a ball after all.”

Theodore feels his cheeks heat for the thousandth time that night, “Dorian, you are injured.”

“A little weak maybe, but thanks to your talented hands I am well enough to dance. Also, I made a promise to myself that after I killed you, that I would have a dance with the prettiest man at the party.” He says with a smile.  “Of course I’d forgotten that the man I came to kill is also the prettiest man at the party.” The man whispers, leaning in so that his moustache brushes against Theo’s ear.

Theodore fights back a gasp, “you were very optimistic that you were going to complete your job and have time for dancing then?” Theodore asks, fighting to keep his tone light-hearted as his heart begins to thrum in his chest. His hands grip onto the railing of the balcony, his