’s Strongest: Well brat, I do have work. I haven’t announced it yet, but I now work from home.



Jaeger104: Are you giving me permission to bug you when I want?



Humanity’s Strongest: Do whatever you want, brat.



Jaeger104: What if I was a stalker?



Humanity’s Strongest: I highly doubt that you’re a threat. If you think you can take me on then try it.



Jaeger104: The old man is confident, eh?



Humanity’s Strongest: This old man can school you, alright? Well, I have to go. Duty is calling me to fuckin’ work. Bye, brat.



Jaeger104: Bye, Captain. I’ll bother you next time. ;)



Humanity’s Strongest: Cute little shit.


Eren fidgeted in his seat. The man called him cute. The boy went to his backpack and pulled out his homework. He worked on his own stuff to get the man out of his head.

Throughout the next few weeks, the boy talked with the man multiple of times. After classes, he would run back to his dorm to talk to the man. Every new video that the man put out, Eren watched and praised the man. He loved spending time with the man.

Eren shared some normal personal information with the man. It was basically everything he knew about the man. Eren lived across the country, meaning California. The boy was an English major. It was all the basic information.

Levi asked the boy every Friday if he wanted to videochat. The boy always refused because he didn’t want to disappoint the man. They obviously weren’t in an intimate relationship, but the boy didn’t want to jinx any chance of it ever happening. The boy could fantasize those things, so he did just that. Luckily, Levi never pushed the idea.

Summer came along and school was out. The boy stayed on campus so that his parents didn’t have to worry about him. His sister, Mikasa, came to visit every once in a while. His friend, Armin, visited with her. Eren’s other friends always asked him if he wanted to go out, but he always refused. Eren didn’t tell anyone about Levi, because no one would believe that he was friends with a youtuber from across the country. Mikasa found his behavior annoying and always nagged him about it. The boy just wouldn’t tell her anything.

“Hah~,” Eren sighed as he sat down on his chair.

The boy just came back from his parents’ house. They kept asking him why he suddenly became a recluse. It annoyed him that they were bugging into his business. It wasn’t like he was becoming obsessed with something. Okay, that was a lie. Eren was obsessed with Levi. He had to watch the man’s videos over and over to satisfy himself. It has been three months they they started talking, but the boy couldn’t get over him.

The brunette turned on his laptop. It was a Friday, so Levi was bound to ask the same question again. It was becoming harder for the boy to refuse the man. He wanted to please him, but he was still afraid. His nickname might had been “Suicidal Bastard” back in high school, but video chatting with Levi was definite death. Back then was high school, this was the fuckin’ real world.

Once he logged on skype, Levi messaged him. The boy smiled at the thought that Levi was waiting for him. He read the message and became full of excitement.


Humanity’s Strongest: I posted up a new video.



Jaeger104: Okay! I’ll go watch it. :)



Humanity’s Strongest: Tell me what you think afterwards.


The brunette tilted his head in confusion. Levi never asked for feedback. The boy opened his browser and went to youtube. He went to Levi’s channel. His new video was named “Sur-fucking-prise.” Eren laughed at the title. He clicked on the video and waited for it to load. Soon Levi’s face appeared, looking a little agitated. For people who didn’t know the man well, they wouldn’t notice.

“Hello again, you little shits. Okay, so I know that I don’t usually do these kind of videos but I don’t give a fuck. Today I’m going to answer a question that many of you have asked over the years that I’ve been on youtube,” Levi started out. Eren gasped. He could only think that the video was a coming out video. “I’m only doing this because of a certain little shit. Many of you have asked me if I was gay. I just don’t put the questions in the Q & A videos. I didn’t see a fucking logical reason to explain my sexuality. Whatever I do on youtube has nothing to do with the gender that I am attracted to. But whatever. I am gay and if you don’t like