No-”

“Do you think I don’t see the way you look at me? Do you think I’m stupid?” Liam snaps, his breath coming out hot and fast now. Zayn is mute; all he can do is shake his head quickly because that’s exactly not it. Liam’s hands are squeezing Zayn’s wrists together so tightly that Zayn winces, the movement does not get unnoticed by Liam.

“Am I hurting you?” This time his voice is soft, gentle, like the Liam he used to be, before he got his kidneys fixed, before he started drinking, before Dani told him to either slow down or she’d split up with him. Zayn doesn’t say anything and Liam squeezes his wrists together tighter, rubbing the skin together painfully and letting out a low chuckle.

“Lie down.” He commands, this time Zayn finds his voice.

“Liam. Li, come on, please... I’m your friend. We’re just- we’re just worried about you.” Zayn pants out, practically begging and pleading, his heart is thumping, rising to his throat now and he feels like he might throw up if this happens again because it’s what he wants, but it’s so wrong at the same time, it isn’t the way Zayn wants it all, he wants Liam to love him like Zayn loves Liam.

“I said fucking lie down” Liam snaps, using his weight to push Zayn’s body down on the bed, the springs creak dangerously beneath them and Liam’s face is still ever so close to Zayn’s. But Liam will never kiss Zayn, never. Zayn is just there for the lonely nights, the drunken ones, the sad ones. He is not there to be loved, he is there to be abused and torn and broken because he is weak and Liam see’s that, this is why Liam chose him out of all the boys.

Zayn is pressed down on the bed, his chest rising and falling rapidly now because he knows what’s coming, it’s happened before but Zayn doesn’t like it. The first night Liam snuck into his hotel room he had been crying and Zayn had hugged him and Liam had begged ‘please, please Zayn, don’t you want to cheer me up? Don’t you want to make me feel better?’ and Zayn had allowed him to use him, to push in and out, in and out violently and Zayn had silently cried into the pillow because it had hurt and he had never done this before and afterwards he felt disgusting, he didn’t feel like he had after he had slept with his first girl. The next night was three days after the first time and this time Zayn had said clearly, “No”. The word still shakes in Zayn’s mind late at night. But Liam had just looked at Zayn, funnily, reeking of alcohol as always, the smell that Zayn had now grown to hate and feel sick just at the thought of. And he had taken it from Zayn anyways.

Liam was panting on Zayn’s neck now, his hands shaking as they snapped at the waistband of Zayn’s boxers, impatiently he shoved his hands down them, pushing Zayn’s boxers down, cool air hitting him, but Zayn was lying limp, motionless, his cock not even twitching in interest. This appeared to anger Liam who roughly grabbed at the cock and pumped at it, squeezing it and pulling at it so hard that Zayn was wincing and trying to squirm away,

“Liam. Liam stop, you’re- you’re hurting me” Zayn breathed, Liam just snorted still pumping away, his own cock was pressed tight against Zayn’s thigh from Liam’s jeans, Liam was rutting against Zayn’s leg at the same time, working in the same motions as his hand and finally he had Zayn’s cock standing tall, red, angry but hard. Zayn felt a wave of nausea wave over him at the sight of his hard cock. He hated this, he hated that Liam worked him up but never finished him off, just left him there to shiver and curl up in a ball afterwards. Liam was practically ripping his jeans off his body, shoving them hastily down to his ankles, his converse’s still tied on tightly to his feet, he continued to rub on Zayn, a wet patch appearing on the front of Liam’s small white underwear. Zayn squeezed his eyes shut as Liam grunted quietly, still pushing himself onto Zayn’s leg. Then the inevitable happened and Zayn’s eyes popped open as Liam grabbed at Zayn’s waist, his fingernails piercing the bare skin tightly as he flipped him over with ease. Zayn’s face was pushed into his pillow; he felt like he could barely breathe, he kicked out his legs.

“Liam! Liam don’t, don’t, please.” Zayn cried into his pillow still kicking out his legs madly. Liam straddled Zayn’s back, a