dream a reality. He was conquering the life he had always wanted, enjoying it with the woman he loved the most.

He took a half-eaten rum raisin ice-cream from his refrigerator, wore fitting shorts and changed into a worn-out Nirvana’s shirt. He picked a photo album from his tall bookcase and sprawled it across his coffee table, remembering his happy high school days. Fanny licked his face and then he noticed that he was sobbing.


I’m so hopeless, damn it.


I'm sorry if this is a bit boring. Next chapter will feature Chanyeol and Baekhyun's meeting, and a bit of family drama. I'm grateful for all your kudos... don't be shy, leave me a comment! I'd like to hear your opinion about this. Please.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Saturday morning was spent under his thick plush comforter, his favorite dark gray one, frequently quivering in discomfort as he listened to instrumental music. Baekhyun had assembled that specific matinee repertory for occasions where downheartedness dominated his mood. It consisted mostly of Studio’s Ghibli weighty soundtracks—those containing all type of melodies that forced souls into rueful reflections and essential crisis.

He could not find strength to hum along, even when his dry lips were aching to do so, and could barely recall the beautiful stories those heartfelt tunes were trying to resuscitate inside his lifeless, dreary bedroom. Baekhyun just remained quiet and oddly still, only his itching finger tips smearing nervous patterns over the soft fabric shielding his dormant frame.

It was warm inside his isolated chamber, yet there was a coldblooded numbness slithering out of his heart, icing his entire abode, empting his otherwise bright eyes. Some dreadful impressions swirled all over his mind, like delirious symptoms of those frantic illnesses provoking a stable patient, but he could not even grasp their quintessence. He was unreasonably drained to even start deliberating about self-destructing thoughts, to even consider dwelling on such trivialities.

There was a sole thing which he longed quite badly: rest.

He was paranoid and insomniac. If he fell asleep, he knew he would wake up in a feverish episode, and he would start to hallucinate. He would live their graduation once more, feel it unfolding all over again. There would be cheering, tears, hugs and meaningless goodbyes. Overall, he would surely pledge the same timeless mistake: he would look back, move his sight away from his rejoicing classmates, and catch a devastating glimpse of Chaeyoung and Chanyeol’s silhouettes rushing out of the crow as everybody flung their mortarboards in a barbarian celebration. He would yearn to follow them, but his feet would remain perpetually solid, joined to that damned floor where a part of his soul decided to perish.

Nighttime had been prolonged, but it was still too short to lessen the anxiety those memories liked to bring along. Baekhyun had invested his sleeping hours contemplating, ruminating, thinking. But it was futile.

His bedroom looked like it always had: light mint walls supporting a plain white ceiling, a classily shaped tan velvet chaise longue with framed pictures above, and his cats’ looming playhouse cornered against his tall chest of drawers. As a particular trend mark, there were pool of clothes all over the pastel carpet, mingling dirty pieces with unused garments which he probably had tried on and tossed away in haste, lying himself about opting to tie up later. There was also a multiple collection of glasses standing over his chest of drawers, hovering like a colorful and uneven castle over a dull hill of solid wood. Books were stacked against his favored bedside, where he would be able to lean over and effortlessly pick one if he sought to read before falling asleep. He especially liked suspense.

All looked the same, yet it felt like he had been thrown inside a foreign territory. Perhaps he had beheld his possessions far too long, and this became his first time seeing everything after a hundred rounds of useless consideration. It was not the first time experimenting this phenomenon over the twenty-four hours, he supposed. It was an endless déjà vu of a jamais vu.

He was sick of the numbing sentiment that emerged from possessing an errant soul, with drives and motivations far from an available horizon. Darkness blossomed in form of withered roses inside this tired persona, with keen thorns and piercing needles, like blades thirsty for gore and condemnation. He was so depressed, he found everything ridiculous.

At twelve o’clock, Baekhyun, patting his comfy mattress, whispered: “Mina, Momo, Fanny, come here.”

Mina and Momo approached with agile steps, laying down on his tummy and neck, purring.

Fanny mewed painfully, nestled inside her fuzzy igloo, and rolled over, doing a lethargic and quite exasperating stretch. She presented her back to Baekhyun, and that particular act gave him a strange sense of finality: she would not listen. It did not surprise his owner, though; his cats could be temperamental when they wanted, and it seemed like Fanny would not take any form of nonsense that day.

Sometimes, they were too human-alike. Each time