key.”

--

Being able to see over the top of crowds; being able to lean right over a pool table to take an awkward shot; being able to take things down from high shelves. Sam hadn’t realized just how much he took being tall for granted until now. He and Dean had spent the last fifteen minutes pushing a chair from the table in the library to the door so that they could reach the door handle, and the effort had left them both sweating. Dean had stubbed his toe twice and Sam was grateful that he’d been shrunk with his boots on. 

Once the chair was in position Dean clambered up onto the padded leather seat. Sam gritted his teeth, bent at the knees and hoisted the thick brass key up off the floor in a smooth clean-and-jerk motion, his biceps bulging and his shirt riding up as he staggered in position with the key held over his head.

 

“Hey Sammy?”

Sam glanced up at Dean. He didn’t like the smirk on his brother’s face, not one bit.

“If there’s a key,” Dean declaimed, throwing his arms out dramatically, “then there has to be a lock!”

“Shut up. At least I didn’t look constipated when I was trying to say my lines!” Sam shoved the key at Dean who wrestled it from his hands with a grunted curse.

“Heavy sonovabitch, ain’t it?”

Sam climbed up beside Dean, who was now leaning nonchalantly against the thigh-high key.  They stared up at the door knob for a while and then Dean cleared his throat.

“So, uh, I figure you can give me a boost up and then I’ll, you know, shove the key in the lock.”

“Dude, it’s heavy.”

Dean smirked. “Hey, you aren’t the only one here with muscles. I eat my Wheaties too you know.”

Sam couldn’t help it, he laughed. “No you don’t. You hate Wheaties.”

Dean flashed a genuine grin, his eyes sparkling with warmth. “Yeah, well, you might be the granola-munching hippie with the RoboSam workout routine, but there’s nothin’ wrong with my upper body strength.  Hell, I’ve pinned you to the ground enough times for you to know it.”

Sam rolled his eyes. “Okay, so you’re better at hand-to-hand combat. We both know I’m stronger.”

“Right,” Dean nodded. “I can’t lift both you and the key, so,” Dean lifted the key and held it out in front of him. “Boost me up, Sammy!”

Dean dropped the key eight times and fell off of Sam’s linked hands twice. By the time he finally got the key inserted the boys were both bruised and irritable, their muscles straining and their underarms soaked with sweat.  

Dean turned the door knob and then pushed slowly. The door swung open and revealed…

“A freakin’ garden? I thought this was s’posed to be Wonderland! This is…” Dean waved his arms around effusively, “this is…”

“Alice’s garden,” said Sam. “It’s where the rabbit hole is.”

--

To say that Dean was less than thrilled at having to hike across Alice’s garden was an understatement of epic proportions.  The grass was littered with brittle fallen leaves that prickled his feet, and walking past marching columns of ants the size of rats was creepy as hell. The giant-ass length of rope that he and Sam were dragging behind them was awkward and heavy and Dean was just about done with everything being so much harder than it should’ve been. Being the size of a Ken doll sucked balls.

“Dude,” he snarked at Sam, “do you even know where this freakin’ rabbit hole is?”

Sam nodded. “Alice was sitting under a tree by the river bank, reading with her sister, so,” he pointed a long arm toward an oak tree by the brook, “most likely she was sitting there. And then she ran across the field toward the hedge,” Sam pointed out the route Alice would’ve run. “So the rabbit hole should be somewhere under that part of the hedge.”

It took them ten minutes to reach the hedge.  Half way there a huge white butterfly had tried to land on Sam’s head and Sam had screamed like a girl and batted at it with his hands while Dean had laughed and wished like hell he had his cell phone with him so he could take pictures. Even without pictures, he would still be able to tease Sam about this forever.  The hedge itself was creepy. It was home to way too many spider webs, all with ugly fat arachnids the size of cats perched in the center of them, peering out at potential prey with way too many eyes.  Dean shuddered. And then cocked his head when he heard a stuttering kind of meow.

“Dude—”

“Shhh!” Sam raised his arm and pointed. “We’re being stalked