to tell Niall everything he’s never told anybody, secrets he harbours in himself. If it’s that obvious, then it should be easy to say, It’s not what it seems. It’s not what everybody thinks of it to be.

The next Friday came and they ate dinner first like they had planned before Zayn lashed out on Niall. They had their gym bags on the extra seat beside. It's been a long time since Zayn had taken his bag out. Its still got a good pair of shoes for him to use and bandaids in case of blisters. It all feels so overwhelming as they sat across with naan and hummus as their opening appetizer, that in less than an hour Zayn would be able to see himself on the mirror again—see his lean figure and his body do wonders again. Lean figure might be a joke. He's been eating lots of junk.

On the other hand, maybe he could live like Niall and forget about statistics and all that sort of boring things and just let go. If Niall can eat three Philly cheese steak sandwiches and still dance, Zayn can too with two years of junk food behind him.

They got to the studio after an hour at the restaurant. No one's exactly sure if they'd be able to dance with a full stomach. Zayn's planning to stick to the stretching and exercise—play it safe this first time.

"I don't know if I could do this." Zayn mutters. He's holding the barre with one hand, letting the grip get familiar at home again. Realistically, he has. But it's the demons he has inside of him that holds him back from going all out.

"Just think before you were really good at ballet," Niall bends his leg back, holding his foot by the ankle. "What was the one thing you always wanted to do first?"

"Everything." Zayn says quietly before he starts to laugh with Niall. "Yeah, everything was cool."

"We'll do everything then." Niall smiles.

Through an encouraging talk, Zayn eventually got his leg on the barre. The stretch is behind his knee; he could feel the sharp pull of his muscles that makes him want to stop. He somehow also misses the pain of stretching. He turns and does the same for his other leg, reaching out for his toes so he could feel the pain once more. If there isn't any pain, you're not working hard enough. He learned that at 7 years old.

"I lied." Niall blurts out.

"About what?" Relaxing, Zayn settled with his arms holding him up against the barre.

"I did competitions." Niall swallows.

"... And?" Zayn pried for more.

"Only a few. I've won some." Niall grins. "I got contracts, even for New York Company."

Niall must've seen Zayn's eyes bulge out. “Why didn’t you take it?" Zayn leans off the barre. "They only take like 3 dancers each audition."

"I really don't know..." Niall mutters. "The contract has been on hold for three months. They said they'd wait until I'm ready, and I could show them what I can do again. Depends if I've gotten shittier or not that they'll take me, but I can't."

“Why can’t you?" They never wait on anybody. They don't hire people back either.

"My parents wouldn't like it. We just, have a different view of what's right for me to pursue." Niall starts to lean back with his arms holding him up. "I wish I had cool parents like yours."

Zayn wished he could understand all those sort of problems with parents not supporting their kids but he can't. His parents always pushed him to go farther with ballet that he can't do it anymore. All they've ever really done was support him.

"Can I tell you something?" Zayn asks quietly.

"Yeah?" Niall looks at him.

“I got my ankle surgically fixed. After I got surgery for my ankle, you know the New York Ballet company fired me." Zayn grins tightly while Niall's eyes got bigger. "But that's why I moved back with my parents."

“Zayn," There's horror in his voice that almost makes Zayn smile. “You didn’t have to quit."

“I did. You wouldn’t understand." There was more to it, Zayn had it all tucked away in the darkest corners of his mind.

"You can't be done with ballet." Niall exclaims.

"And you can't let your parents run the choices you make." Zayn tosses a water bottle at him. "You're 24. You're on your own."

Reality hit him when he opened his eyes to the time of 9:20 on Tuesday morning, that he was finally 25. It was a scary feeling