pissed me off.” Reaper growled, grabbing up rope from the top of a crate by the stairs. He approached us, quickly turning into smoke and before 76 or I could even process what was going on, our hands were tied behind our backs. I flinched at how tight the ropes were on my skin, knowing there was going to be bruises later. 

76 growled deeply, struggling to get up, but the mist kept him down by his middle. I gasped when mist wrapped around my waist tightly and pulled me until I bumped up against Reaper, my back against his chest. “Since I know your dirty little secret, carino.....I'm going to take my sweet ass time with you. Watch you squirm....” he snarled in my ear and to my horror, it sent a shiver down my spine. “Until you can't take it anymore....” 

“Leave her out of this, Reyes.” 76 snarled. 

“Ha! Now after what I found out about her, no fucking way.” Reaper laughed and seemed to snicker at 76's confused look. “You didn't know? Your agent here has been thinking about you. More or less, thinking about your dick.” 

“S-shut up!” I yelled, struggling against Reaper, my face flushing with embarrassment. 

“Yeah.....oh, carino. She thinks about you every single fucking day and wants to know how you'd feel inside her.” Reaper continued, the mist holding me up as his claws dragged across my uniform, easily cutting through the fabric and tearing it away from my body. I wore a gray tank top under my uniform and a sports bra, then panties, nothing more below the waist. 

I whimpered softly as my skin was exposed to the coolness of the warehouse, yelping when my uniform was completely torn from my body. My boots were taken off as well and I heard something hitting the floor, then a cool hand cupped my jaw. Reaper was holding onto my jaw. His rough, thick fingers slid across my jawline and another shiver went down my spine. I felt heat bloom in the core of my body and I wanted to fucking hit myself for my body reacting to Reaper's touches. 

A thumb slid across my bottom lip and my eyes widened when he pressed two fingers into my mouth, touching my tongue with them. I could see 76's uncovered eye narrowing, his body tensing up. I squeezed my eyes shut as mist curled around my panties and began to tug them off my hips. I struggled  to keep my legs closed, but the hand that wasn't bare gripped my thigh and pulled it apart, while the mist kept my other thigh spread. Finally, I was bare to my Commander's eyes from the waist down. 

Reaper pulled his fingers out of my mouth and I panted a bit, opening my eyes slightly as the saliva-coated fingers slid down my body, and a choked yelp escaped me when a finger rubbed against my clit. 

“Reyes, if you fucking dare-” 76 began. 

“Oh, I dare.” Reaper said and I could practically feel the smirk in his voice, even behind his mask. “Let's get you nice and prepared, carino.” 

His rough, thick fingers moved down my slit, coating themselves in more of the slick that my body produced during the shameful arousal that my body was feeling. I cried out when both fingers slid into my heat, already starting a moderate pace, thrusting in and out, rubbing against my walls. I could barely feel it due to arousal, but Reaper's claws dug into the skin of my thigh, dragging down and I knew there was going to be blood later. 

My hips bucked into Reaper's hand and his other hand moved it's way underneath my sport bra, fingers pinching a nipple into a hard peak. I whimpered softly, my cheeks burning from the forbidden pleasure I was feeling. I felt cool breath on my shoulder and gasped loudly when slightly sharp teeth sank into the flesh of my shoulder. Pain, along with a tinge of pleasure shot up my spine. I felt Reaper lowering us both down until his legs were crossed and I was on his lap, his fingers still thrusting into me, albeit faster and deeper now. 

“I love hearing those noises, carino.” Reaper murmured into my ear, his tongue dragging up my earlobe. 

I opened my eyes a bit, feeling my gut tightening as an orgasm began to descend on me. 76 was staring at me and when I glanced down a bit, my eyes widened when I saw the tent in his pants. 

W-was he turned on by this? 

The thought was terrifying and arousing at the same time. 

Reaper pulled his fingers out of me and I almost whined at the emptiness. I wasn't disappointed for long. The smoke seemed to become solid and my toes curled when it slid into me, thickening until it rubbed against my walls. I felt tears form in the corners of my eyes from the intense pleasure, gasping through parted lips. 

The smoke inside me hit the bundle