, so she couldn’t stop giggling when she called the power to destroy the wand discarded on the ground. Even more amusing was that Adrien didn’t have to do the entire speech to de-evilize the akuma, but he did it all from memory!

She’s starting to suspect he’s a much bigger fan than he let on earlier. The thought brought about silly ideas and another wave of happiness that she had to stifle.

They had also defeated Rogercop, who was thankfully simplified to his arm guns. Marinette did get a few penalties; she couldn’t freeze in time once shot and handcuffed to the doorway and her cataclysm missed and hit the villain instead of his akumatized item. She never really thought what would happen if cataclysm hit a person and she never wanted to know. The memory of Dark Cupid made a shiver crawl up her spine.

Adrien was first into the next room, watching multiple antennae form a circle around them. “It’s Lady Wifi! We just need to jam her signal!” He already flicked his arm to summon the yoyo and Marinette followed by summoning Chat’s baton. They somewhat got used to the virtual weapons, but their aim could be a lot better. Or Adrien’s at least, since Marinette was pulling a couple punches here and there.

The villainess materialized on top of one antenna, phone at the ready.

Marinette smirked. “The environment made it too easy, I just need a Cataclysm to take them all out, right?”

There was something really fun about pretending to be Chat Noir. She also knew that her suggestion was going to fail, but hey if her partner was impulsive, she was going to act the part. 

She called the power with a yell and was able to take out a third of the towers before Adrien yelled for her to dodge. She fell back, seeing the pink pause buttons pepper the ground in front of her. Adrien shot his yo-yo forward only to catch onto another antenna and snap it as the villain disappeared and reappeared quickly between the remaining towers.

Her back met her partner’s as they rotated to guard each other. Adrien took the chance to snap more of the towers one by one with the yo-yo, slowing Lady Wifi and soon leaving her only three perches to stand on. She flickered between the three in a pattern that changed every few seconds, but with their formation they were able to call each shot and dodge.

Adrien took a chance and shot at the villain’s hand as she was about to attack. What they didn’t count on was that she could attack while teleporting, appearing at the tower between them and not giving Adrien the time to recall the yo-yo tangled in the antenna.

“Look out!”

Marinette pushed Adrien out of the way as neon pink filled her goggles. She fell onto the floor, cursing. Another penalty and this one was motion sensitive. She had to stay completely still until the towers were gone or the enemy defeated, and she couldn’t even see to aid her partner.

“Just two more, Marinette! I’ll get you back up soon! Lucky Charm!” Adrien’s voice reassured her somewhere to her right.

She huffed, realizing how easily she took the hit for him and thought about how Chat seemed to do it without a thought. She really needed to have a serious talk with him about that, but she had a feeling it came all too naturally and she didn’t like it.

Her vision suddenly cleared and she quickly got up, baton at the ready but relaxing as she saw a broken cellphone on the ground and a string of Christmas lights in his hands. Adrien tossed up the charm and the field was cleared, then helping pull her up. The green exit sign glowed brighter at the end of the room. He let go of her hand and they both waited a moment but no extravagant doorways appeared like in the last rooms.

“Is that it? Did we…did we win?” Adrien wandered around the room a little for a moment to check if there was anything that marked their completion. Marinette felt something bubble up her chest – pride, joy, satisfaction all together maybe, and she let out a “Ha!” punching the air with her fists.

“We did it!” Marinette squealed, jumping up and down. She looked to Adrien who was doing a silly victory dance in place. His eyes met hers and she could see them gleaming with happiness through her goggles. “We make a great team, Marinette!” Their fists met instantly.

“Pound it!”

Something nagged her in the back of her mind, but they were both laughing and she was drowning in the sound of his laughter that rang bright like bells. She couldn’t thank Tikki or Alya or all the luck in the world enough that she got to see this side of Adrien. 

A dagger connected to a cord shot from the darkness above and pierced the ground in front of them.

Instinct kicked in and Marinette hopped back in a defensive stance. Adrien followed suit and they both stared up above them as