up first in Genji's fist and now in his hand, but still the lube felt almost cool on his cock that had been neglected this long. His breath shivered when he gasped while giving himself a few slow strokes, spreading the lube and taking the edge off the sensation before he leaned over Genji again, one hand braced just next to the younger's head on the mattress and the other one on his own cock. 

Despite knowing to expect it Genji still twitched when the tip touched the back of his thighs. Hanzo guided himself where he wanted, pushed the tip between the other's thighs and then went on to find a better position. The lube made the glide soft and easy and he let his knees slip apart as he sank lower, moved his hands on the bed by Genji's sides and balanced his weight on all fours. His mouth fell open as he let his hips sink down and his cock slipped completely into the squeezing warmth. The lube wasn't cool anymore, providing just the perfect amount of slick, and the skin between Genji's thighs was smooth and soft like no other part of him, all deliciously warm and comfortable. But after the shockwave of the first wave of pleasure he stilled and had to realize it wasn't enough, and from his grouched position Hanzo couldn't use his knees the way he needed to.

“Genji, cross your ankles,” Hanzo said, patting Genji on the side of his thigh. 

Genji made an acknowledging sound that was half a groan and shifted a bit, presumably like the other had asked him to. He hooked his ankle over the other and squeezed his thighs together more firmly, and Hanzo gasped. 

“Better?” Genji asked.

“Yes.”

Hanzo leaned the most of his weight on his knees and used the leverage to move his hips. The drag back was just as delicious as the first dive in, and Hanzo took his time with it. He leaned down and touched his forehead between Genji's shoulderblades right where the dragon was staring up at him, enjoyed the pressure and the wet slide as long as it lasted before sinking back down again, slipping back into the heat between the younger's legs and listened to the noises of slick skin against one another. 

After waiting for this long and watching Genji reach his bliss once already had kept his on the edge and waiting, and now finally satisfying that ache was sending his mind swimming into hot haze that was better than any high, any drug or any other pleasure he could escape to. This was the best he could take, the absolutely priceless feeling, and the climb had only started. 

Genji smelled of cologne and bleach and sweat, his body undeniably present intimately in contact with his. Hanzo inhaled those scent, filled his head with them and moaned into the younger's skin as he rocked his hips. Being grouched over a partner on their belly and fucking in between their thighs like this tugged at some primal cord inside him and made him even hotter inside, and the lewd sound the lube was making as his cock slipped in and out between the other's legs coaxed that flame even further. The mixture of clenching heat and wet caress on his cock felt heavenly, easing the impatiently throbbing need and turning it into pleasure, and the intensity of it was stealing breath from Hanzo's lungs and forcing him to pant to get it back. He rubbed his forehead between Genji's shoulderblades and kissed him there, kissed each softly jutting vertebra his lips found and kissed the snout of the snarling dragon. 

The pumping motion of his hips was hard even on him, and he felt sweat brimming on his back and sliding down as he moved, but nothing in the world could have made him slow down. In the pit of his belly something was winding tighter, his skin felt electrified and his toes curled as he bucked down harder, faster, and then Genji clenched his thighs and their softness turned firm and Hanzo moaned out loud. The primal part of him had found its voice and refused to be silent again, and Hanzo didn't even mind anymore, all of his shyness and reservations vaporized, and he moaned again and again as he kept pumping down, reaching for the pleasure that had turned burning and spread like a drug in his system. His hair stuck into the sweat on his face as he mouthed at the salty skin of Genji's back, slowly sinking down on top of him until he found the curve of his neck again and sank his teeth into it.

Genji wasn't laying there all passive and quiet anymore either, he was rhythmically clenching and relaxing the muscles of his thighs and slightly rocking up to meet Hanzo's hard thrusts and making a pleased yet tense humming sound every time he was forced back down. He had the first two knuckles of his left hand inside his mouth and he was loudly sucking on them, the noise almost as loud as the ones coming from between his thighs and definitely just as lewd. 

Hanzo nuzzled into the side of Genji's neck and the younger rubbed his cheek against his in response while moaning against his