Christmas and birthdays and the Fourth of July all wrapped together, and Greg is dying for the presents and the fire works. Nick’s not sure he can deliver, but he very much wants to try. He wants to make Greg’s face light up like that, wants to be able to make Greg that happy.

“Sure?” Nick lets out a nervous laugh. “I haven’t been very sure about anything lately. I’m not even sure what’s really happening here, but I do know I really want to kiss you again.”

Greg’s smile is indulging, understanding, and he puts his hand on Nick’s cheek before he kisses him, like he doesn’t want to scare Nick away. No chaste press of lips this time, though. Greg’s tongue slowly glides over his bottom lip, and Nick inhales sharply at the sensation, his lips already parting, kissing back as Greg’s tongue seduces his mouth. Nick can feel how cautious Greg is being, and he’s touched, but also getting frustrated. Greg isn’t kissing him like a guy who’s waited years, but then Nick thinks, maybe he is. Maybe Greg wants this so badly that he’s afraid of scaring Nick away now. He pulls Greg closer, his hands spanning the sides of Greg’s ribs and slowly moving across his back until he has Greg plastered against him. Nick feels the tremor run through Greg, feels how hard Greg is against his hip, and suddenly all Nick wants to do is give Greg what he wants, wants to make Greg wild and out of control, make Greg forget about being careful.

They pull apart, and Greg makes a frustrated noise in the back of his throat, and Nick’s surprised at how much it turns him on.

“Years, Greggo?” He asks, and Greg nods.

“This is really a surprise? Jesus, Nick, I’ve been shamelessly flirting with you for ever.” Greg shakes his head and then nuzzles into the crook of Nick’s neck, first his nose, and Nick can feel Greg inhale, and then lips and teeth are covering his skin, waking up an intense desire.

Nick can only moan, and tilt his head back for more. Greg takes him by the shoulders, his mouth attached to Nick’s neck, and walks Nick backwards, up against the wall.

He talks against Nick’s skin, “I knew you’d taste this good, this perfect.”

Teeth scrape across the spot under his ear, and Nick actually shakes, his whole body responding to Greg so fast it makes him ache. He hears himself groan, and then sort of keen in the back of his throat when Greg does it again.

“Oh fuck, man,” Greg is laughing, and Nick can feel it in his arms, against his skin, and maybe deep down in his heart somewhere. “You make that noise again and I’m gonna come in my pants.”

One desperate noise from him, and Greg is about to come in his pants? Nick is dazzled, and very sure he does not want Greg sleeping on his couch. His hands are holding Greg’s hips tightly, and it’s so easy to slide them down and around, and before he knows it, Nick has his hands full of Greg’s ass, dazzled again, this time at how much he loves the feeling. Greg’s head falls on Nick’s shoulder, and he grinds against Nick, panting his hot breath through the weave of Nick’s shirt.

“Bed.” Nick decides, out loud, and starts to walk Greg backward down the hall, keeping a firm grip on Greg’s firm ass.

“Fuck yes,” and Greg is laughing again, and sinking his fingers into Nick’s hair, holding his head still and kissing him, hard.

They stumble, and almost fall, but then Greg puts a hand out against the wall and stops them from ending up in a pile on the floor. Only a few more steps to his bedroom, and then his bed, and then Nick finds himself laying flat on his back, Greg on top of him, straddling him, sitting with his knees on either side of Nick’s hips, smiling like a maniac. Nick runs his hands up and down Greg’s thighs, and he finds the soft denim and hard muscle a most pleasing sensation.

Greg gives him a lopsided smile and tilts his head, “I didn’t think you were into guys.”

It’s a question, even though it wasn’t presented as one, and Nick answers, feeling giddy, “I think this is a Greg thing more than a guy thing.”

Greg literally melts on top of him, his body sprawling across Nick as he croons, “Did you know your drawl gets thicker when your turned on, and it’s the sexiest thing I’ve ever heard?”

Nick laughs, a little embarrassed, and ruffles Greg’s hair. Then, all he’s aware of