really want?How could he make Dean understand, make him forgive him?

The punches slowed as the pain melted into a constant dull ache. Stepping back from the wall he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and poured himself a triple, then downed it, and poured another. He repeated the pattern until the pain started to fade slightly, his whole body slowly numbing. He raised a hand to fist into his shirt over the hard knot in his chest. “I love you Cas.” His lips moved, forming the words. Barely enough air escaped to make them heard, even to his own ears.

But Cas heard them. Tears spilled down his cheeks and his chest caught fire. But it was a cold fire, burning like the touch of dry ice. Love. Dean loved him. His eyes slid to the hand at Dean’s chest. No, not his chest. His heart. Castiel lifted his own hand to lay it gently over his own. Was that was the feeling was? Love. He loved Dean Winchester. But why had it changed? Why did it hurt now?

“Castiel. I’m sorry.” Dean’s words came quickly, breathy and shaken. “I should have been there for you man. I shouldn’t have asked for so much when you were the one who needed the help. I’m so sorry I let you down man.” Tears flowed freely as he thought about all the times since the fall of Lucifer that he had asked. No, not asked, demanded. All the times he had demanded Castiel’s help, never once did he offer to help in return. Maybe this wasn’t Castiel’s fault at all. Maybe it had been his. Maybe if he hadn’t given up the life, if he hadn’t gone to Lisa and hidden away when Sam jumped into the cage, then he could have been there for Castiel from the get go. Then maybe none of this would be happening. “I love you Cas.” He said again. But it was too late now. Far too late.

“No Dean, I am the one who is sorry.” Castiel mumbled, though his voice was kept from Dean’s ears. He wanted there to be another way. But there wasn’t. This was it. And though he knew it might hurt Dean now, it would be better in the long run. It was too late now. Far too late.

Prompt; endverse destiel, smut, dirty talk, cas' first boner when he sees dean with a girl, dean help him.

Cas wandered the camp, stopping occasionally to speak with familiar faces. They had been here only a week, but already the number of refugees was growing beyond what they could support. They'd find a way though. The only other option was leaving them out for the Croats. And no one was willing to do that. They'd all make sacrifices, double, even triple up for sleeping arrangements, and stretch their dwindling supplies thinner. Anything to keep as many alive and human as possible. And wasn't that another problem. Human. He was human now. He had felt his grace leaving him, but there was nothing he could do. There were people he needed to help, and he had to put his own problems away. So long as he was able-bodied, his issues could wait.

Chuck was the only one n camp who noticed Castiel’s growing confusion as each day he was faced with new things he was required to do to survive that had never been explained to him. So Chuck took it upon himself to help Cas when he could. This lead to Castiel drinking quite a bit. It numbed his pain, though he still had a tolerance level above human average. He could drink Chuck under the table and still only be pleasantly buzzed. He liked the lack of feeling it caused though. It made all the sparks of emotion he was starting to feel, and all the strange things his vessel – no, his body – had begun to do.

Camp Chitaqua was a fair sized camp, but it was still easy to lose someone on occasion. Castiel was searching for Dean. Chuck had sent him to ask about their next move. They needed more supplies, and Chuck had mapped out a few smaller towns they could raid. He had been running around on Chuck’s orders for the whole week. Dean was too busy with command to deal with him, and Chuck appreciated the help. He didn’t have the time himself to seek out the people he needed to talk not, not while he was still taking inventory and head counts.

Cas found his way to Dean’s cabin, knocking. He heard no sound within, so carefully, he opened the door, sticking his head in. “Dean?” He called out tentatively, taking a step inside. “Dean? Chuck needs to speak with you” He called out again. But there was no reply. He had been told Dean would be here. So he stepped in further, taking a look