a closet, but there was a bed, a desk, and a dresser. It was more than he had ever had at his dad's house. Keith let his backpack fall from his shoulders and onto the floor. 

"I already enrolled you in the local high school. It starts next Monday."

Keith nodded in response.

"Well, I'll leave you to it, then. I'll come get you for dinner." And then his father left.

Keith shut the door behind him, and sat down on the bed. It creaked loudly beneath him. The beige walls were bare, except for the occasional chip in the paint, or marking from where a nail had once resided. He was too shocked to even think about school. His father had just went and started a family. He hadn't been invited to the wedding. He hadn't been told any of this. And then he's just thrown in, and expected to be okay with it. He couldn't tell if he was or not.

Deciding to ignore his thoughts for now, Keith started to unpack. There wasn't a lot of work involved. Keith learned not to get sentimental. He couldn't carry around every little thing that had some significance to him; if he left anything at his dad's house, it would get lost, and if he left anything at his aunt's house, it would get broken by her kids. Keith tried his best to organize his clothes as he put them into the dresser, but soon, everything was a jumble of clothes. He pulled Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe and Number the Stars, the only two books he bothered holding onto, out of his backpack. He remembered how he got both. The first had been given to him by his aunt when he had come out to her almost five years ago. He remembered how he was on the verge of tears when he told her, afraid. He wasn't sure what he was afraid of; there was no way his aunt would disown him, or love him any less, but he was still afraid. She had been fine with it. The second book had been given to him by his sixth grade ELA teacher, Mr. Jackson. There was a note on the inside of the first page from him. Mr. Jackson had been, by far, Keith's favorite teacher. He had completely opened up Keith's mind to the world. Keith's iPod shuffle was still in his pocket, and he carefully placed it on the desk beside the books. Keith didn't know which door was the one to the bathroom, so he just put his toothbrush on top of the dresser. He dumped his backpack upside down to get everything else out. A pile of various small objects poured out; a packet of watermelon gum, a key ring that held a key from every house he had ever lived in, a few pens, a watch that he never wore, a tiny flip phone that his aunt paid for, a few rubber bands, and a bunch of other things that Keith threw onto his desk.

Keith jumped when someone knocked on his door. It opened slowly, and a tiny face, belonging to Joop, peered into the room. "Daddy says it's time for dinner." And then the boy slammed the door shut and scampered away. Keith sighed, mentally preparing himself for more social interaction, then descended back down the stairs.

Keith gotta get over his daddy issues quick.Also this is kind of sort of very out of character, whoops.

after a lot of thinking about pidge's gender i came up with a not so popular headcanonmost people (including the creators i think) consider pidge as a girl and then theres tumblr who use they/them and say pidge is non binary and i was about to do thatbut then i said fuck it and made pidge trans ftmim sorry if this bothers youits just my own headcanon thingyyou dont have to agree with it to enjoy the ficthank

The week before school started passed by a lot faster than Keith would have liked. There were lots of new things that Keith had to get used to.

For example, his father dropping hints that Keith should move in permanently every five seconds.

"It'd be nice if you could stay forever," he'd say.

"Does your aunt let you do this?"

"Y'know, you could finish high school here, if you wanted."

Also, Jessica introduced something Keith had only heard of in books and movies. A "chore chart". Before, Keith just cleaned after himself when he was with his dad. Now, there was a whole, complex chart that told him what to do on what day. 

Everything in the town was within walking distance, though. The school, the library, everything. 

Joop easily befriended Keith and forced him to play with him, while June clung to her mother anytime Keith was around. Keith also learned that their real names were Jupiter and Juniper.

For some reason, they all woke up insanely