necessarily trust the man but he was the first human adult-like figure he seen in four years.

“I’ll do… whatever it takes… to kill those bloodsuckers.” To avenge Mika and be strong enough to save him from the vampires.

~ Red ~

Yuu was trying. He really was. But all he wanted to do was become stronger, slay vampires, and avenge Mika.

Eight years, it had been eight years since they met. The day they met was the same day most of humanity died due to the spread of a deadly virus. Four years later, he left his soulmate behind in favour of saving himself. A decision he regretted every waking moment of his life.

 That’s why he vowed to become stronger so that he fulfill the promise he made to the children and Mika.

But he was stuck in ‘school’ with an annoying short girl and a shy friendly boy. He honestly had no idea why they were always bothering him. He understood that Shinoa was supposed to ‘keep an eye on him’ but he found it useless.

Yuu could never forget how he met the pink haired telephone pole. First getting punched in the face by the other, then getting kicked into the door by Guren. It was the end of class when he woke up again by Yoichi’s soft voice. And because of the brunet’s kind nature, he woke up Kimizuki only for them to gawk at each other.

Both Yuu and Shinoa instantly knew what happened.

He strained a smile to congratulate the new couple before he exited out of the classroom and give the two some room.

In reality, he needed to leave before he was reminded of Mika again.

He had been lucky to find his soulmate in the mess the world has become. Many have given up hope in such a forsaken world they live in now. Believing in love and commitment has become common within the human establishment but soulmates were an unshakable force.

Shinoa tried to comfort him since she had also found her soulmate at a young age and was initially surprised at Yuu’s knowledge of colours.

Little did the four know, her very soulmate was the fifth member of their squad.

Mitsuba Sanguu was extremely upset that Shinoa was placed into a squad that will most likely expose her to danger while Shinoa was thankful for being given more time to spend with her soulmate.

A squad full of members that could see colour was special. There was only one other squad like it, Guren’s squad. Not only that, they had three members wielding black demon weapons. That was they were more known for in the Moon Demon Company.

The night after they confronted the vampires at Omotesando Station, Yuu could faintly hear Shinoa crying with Mitsuba at the idea of abandoning the blonde. After they reached the temporary camp of the JIDA, Shinoa had thanked him numerous times for saving Mitsuba. But he did it to ease his own guilt of leaving behind his soulmate. He could not subject Shinoa to that kind of pain when it was that same short teen that comforted him during those times.

“I wished you could see the stars of the night sky with me, Mika…”

~ Red ~

Time seemed to have slowed down when Yuu realized what he had done. His cursed gear, his katana, cut deep into the chest of his soulmate.

He almost didn’t recognize Mika in the white uniform, thinking it was only another vampire when he met with piercing blue eyes. It was like the moment they first met, both so lost in each other that the outside world became a blur and unimportant.

But Guren’s words pulled him out of his thoughts.

“Activate your curse and kill him!”

He looked at the man that had taken him in years ago when he escaped Sanguinem. A red blade stabbed into the left side of his chest, where his heart was.

He could only looked back at Mika with confusion written on both their faces.

Only when Mika jumped back to the enemy’s line, he could breathe again. But the onslaught of questions didn’t help him one bit.

“Mika… He… I…”

At the mention of Mika, realization hit his squad hard.

Things started to fall into place one after another when silence befell all of them.

Mika had been ‘alive’, no, he had been kept alive by being turned into a vampire. That was why his vision never returned to the black and white world he had been so familiar with.

But seeing Mika stare at him emotionlessly made Yuu feel like his Mika was no longer there. It was just an empty shell of a person walking around. Just as he had been before he found his purpose in reuniting with his best friend and soulmate.

“Are you… Mika? A-Are you really Mika?”

Tears rolled down his cheek as he choked out the words. He wanted to believe, he really wanted to believe that was him.

But the way his expression softened, his eyes glistening with emotion, it confirmed his thoughts wordlessly.

He finally found Mika again.

Things started to blur when the vampires started to attack them and Mika picked him