end up smelling like stinky cheese all the time."

"You take that back! You always smell great, Camembert is the best thing humans ever invented!" Plagg shouted.

"Sure it is. Are you done yet? We have to check on Ladybug..."

Adrien transformed again after Plagg finished his cheese. Nino, however, remained as himself. Chat grabbed Nino and jumped to the roof, running towards the Dupain-Cheng bakery. Nino made sure to hold on tightly. Jumping across rooftops as Jade Turtle? Fine. As Nino? He rather not die today.

Nino realized where they were going as the familiar bakery building came into view. His brain processed quickly, and his groaned at how obvious the situation was. "Wow, Ladybug is Marinette! I can't believe I didn't realize dude. She literally looks the same, at least your hair changes and your eyes go cat-like."

Chat chuckled. "Well, we assume it's from Miraculous Magic that we aren't so bluntly discovered. One thing before we go in, Nino, don't use my name. Call me Chat. I haven't told Marinette who I am yet and I don't really think her finding out today is a good idea. She's been through a lot."

Nino agreed. They landed on the balcony. Hearing voices from inside, they wondered for a moment if they should come and interrupt. Renard then poked her head through the trapdoor. She shrieked before slamming the trapdoor again, the boys hearing muffled shouting on the other side. Marinette then poked her head through the trapdoor, jaw dropping.

"Nino?! Don't tell me. You're Jade Turtle." She asked.

Nino grinned sheepishly, Wayzz reappearing from under Nino's hat. Wayzz waved.

"Nice to see you again, Miss Marinette." Wayzz commented.

Marinette gave a smile. "You too, Wayzz." She beckoned the two boys. "You can come inside."

Renard was on the far side of the room ad Nino and Chat entered. She was pointing an accusing finger at Nino. "HOW?! Marinette said Miraculous were given to people very close to her and Chat! There's only one person-"

Chat interrupted Renard before she could continue. "Yes! We know! I rather not Marinette overloading today about who I am! We can talk about this later okay Renard?" He said nervously.

Renard tilted her head, comprehending before forming an 'o' with her mouth. "Okay. I get it. But we are so not done with this conversation." She sniffed, looking at Nino again. "Well I suppose it doesn't matter if I de-transform then."

She did so, Trixx appearing beside Alya after the de-transformation ended. Nino almost choked while Chat shrugged.

"How are you so calm, dude?! It's Alya, the owner of the Ladyblog?!" Nino shouted.

"I had a hunch on Marinette would choose. It was pretty obvious." Chat said dismissively.

"Well, I believe we all have something to talk about! Everyone sit down, we're going to talk about this." Marinette said, standing up from her bed, "Trixx, Wayzz, what do you two need to recharge?"

Trixx perked up. "Oh! I love to eat crackers! The good kind!"

"I need strawberries, Miss Marinette." Wayzz said calmly, eyeing the excited fox warily.

Marinette smiled. "I'm sure I have that." She then turned to her friends. "Everyone get comfy. We have important matters to discuss when I get back."

"About?" Alya asked.

"About who gets the Bee Miraculous."

Low-Key feels like all of this is just pointless filler and it bores you guys heck

"Marinette this is the worst idea ever." -Everyone

10/10 original meme for the title of this chapter I'm too dead to care

I have ear problems that keep coming back lol rip my hearing. My hearing is fine but my ear canals just get like 50% blocked or more and then I just hearing issues but I guess they go back to normal after a week. Save me

THIS ONE'S SHORTER BUT I'M ON A TIME LIMIT TODAY OKAY


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

As soon as Marinette was downstairs with Trixx and Wayzz, out of ear shot, Alya locked onto Chat. "So this is why you and Marinette always disappear during Akuma attacks. Oh my god, how are all four of us going to weasel our way out of class if an Akuma attacks?! We can't just raise our hands and say we're group going to the bathroom!"

Chat's face fell. "Hadn't thought of that. But don't blame us, it's not like we have multiple trusted friends, especially me. I'd count Chloe but I'm not exactly sure if she's good for this responsibility."

"Who's not good for the responsibility?" Marinette asked, catching the tail-