his nose scrunches, how soft and warm he is.

 

 

And if other people have seen Zayn like that, who's to say they haven't seen other sides of him in that bed, sides Liam use to pride himself on being the only person to have ever seen. Sides meant only for Liam. Like when Zayn's sweaty and panting, hair falling into his eyes and fingers digging into flesh, and how he works himself on a cock so wonderfully, like it's what he was born to do. To do with Liam, not other people.

 

 

And he's suddenly feeling a lot more sober as Zayn leads him away from the door. He turns his face into Zayn's neck, his lips brushing his skin and he doesn't miss the hitch in Zayn's breathing.

 

 

"Zayn."

 

 

"...Yes?" Zayn hesitates.

 

 

"Are you still mine?" He asks and Zayn must loose his footing because he stumbles a little before catching himself and stopping, turning his head to look at Liam. Liam pulls his face back and they're so close, Liam can see the shock and confusion on his face, but he can also see the spit shine of his lips and smell the faint cigarette and toothpaste in his breath and he wants to kiss him.

 

 

"What?"

 

 

He wants to kiss him but he doesn't know who else has and it's making his body hot, and heart rate increase with the anger and almost ownership he's always felt over Zayn coursing through him.

 

 

He grabs Zayn by the hips, pushing him against the wall and pressing close, trapping him with his body. It feels incredible, unreal even, having Zayn's body against his again, feeling his rapid heart beat against his chest and his breathing on his skin.

 

 

"Has anyone else touched you? Has anyone else kissed you, fucked you?" he's drunk enough to believe he deserves to ask these questions, deserves to have the truth but there's a tiny voice in the back of his head telling him the way he's feeling is irrational. Besides, he's fucked other people since the break up but he can't stand the thought that maybe Zayn has too.

 

 

He doesn't miss the whimper that escapes Zayn's lips and he remembers how Zayn would get when Liam got like this, when he'd get jealous and territorial. Zayn would go pliant under his touch, let Liam take full control and those where the times he probably came the hardest. And he already sees the effect he's having on his boy.

 

 

"You can't ask me those questions, Liam. It's none of your business." Zayn hisses, fighting against Liam's hold but just barely, as if he doesn't really want to break free but is still trying to make a point.

 

 

Liam's getting harder in his jeans and he grinds against Zayn, their noses bumping as Zayn gasps, his hips bucking against Liam's.

 

 

"Are you still mine?" He asks again, more firm as he lowers his face into Zayn's neck, biting and licking his skin, savoring the familiar taste.

 

 

Zayn pulls away quickly, before he can make a mark, so they're face to face as he glares and grinds out, "No. I'm not yours and you made sure of it." he shoves Liam off of him, making him stumble and almost go crashing to the floor and this time Zayn isn't rushing to catch him to make sure he doesn't land on his arse. But he falls into the other wall across from them and he watches with wide eyes as Zayn stomps off.

 

 

"Wait, wait, wait!" He calls angrily, pushing off the wall and following after him, only swaying a tiny bit. Zayn turns swiftly and Liam has to halt before he ends up crashing into him.

 

 

Zayn's face is tight with anger and he looks at Liam in a way that could convince Liam that Zayn hates him.

 

 

"What does that mean?" Liam demands.

 

 

"It means I'm calling Louis to get your drunk, selfish arse out of my flat!"

 

 

Zayn reaches into his pocket, yanking out his phone and furiously typing in his password but Liam snatches it away, keeping it out of reach when Zayn tries to snatch it back.

 

 

"Give me my fucking phone, Liam!" He yells, fighting Liam for the phone, trying desperately to get it but Liam's stronger and has a few inches over him and he is not giving it back if Zayn is just going to use it to get rid of him. He's here with Zayn, this is his opportunity to get him back and he wont pass it up. So he doesn't push Zayn off of him as he tries to get his phone but he does keep it out of his reach.

 

 

"No, not if you're going to call Louis." Liam argues.

 

 

"Fuck you, give me it!" he sneers, almost snatching it when Liam doesn't move