straight into his hazel eyes.



“Suga, I’m serious.” The laughter fell
silent and the ash-blonde’s gaze shifted to the ground. “I told you, I was at
work,” he muttered. Daichi always had been taller than him. Not very much but
it was enough to make him feel uneasy every time he stood in front of him, just
like now.



“I guess it’s no use,” the younger male sighed
and walked back to where he had been before. He was really, really tired since
he had waited for Suga to come home for the entire night.



“Daichi. We both know that you have to get
up early tomorrow. So why don’t we go to sleep and discuss this tomorrow? I
only work until 6.” The older one sat down next to his friend, and it was like the
other’s body moved on his own as he lent onto Suga’s shoulder and breathed
steadily just before he fell asleep.



“I know you better than you think”, he
whispered, stroking through the dark hair of the person he loved.



-



The next day Daichi was mad. Why did Suga
always know how to calm him down? Well, they have been living together for three
years now, and even in high school they had been together during most of their
free time. 



It had been a little awkward for Daichi to
realise his feelings towards his best friend but when he finally had gathered
the courage to confess, the only thing Suga did had been smiling with teary
eyes and telling him how happy he was. Since then they had been a couple and it
was nothing new for them to deal with problems in their relationship. But this
time it was different. The older one never lied to him, he was an honest person,
but now he even refused to admit it, even though Daichi obviously knew it
already.



During his break the raven decided to drink
a coffee in one of his favourite café, the ‘Hach Poch’. Most of the time it was
quite empty and he liked the friendly atmosphere in there. It wasn’t like he
was a regular but the owner knew him already. She was a person one could trust
and talk to.



“Ah, Sawamura-san! It’s been a long time
since you were here”, she smiled at him. Daichi didn’t know why, but her
friendly aura always made him feel comfortable. Maybe it was because it was
similar to Suga’s. While talking to her (he was the only one in the café at the
moment) and telling her what had happened, his heart grew heavy. He just
couldn’t forget the nervous tone in the ash-blonde’s voice.



“If that’s the situation you two should
just talk. Maybe he has a good reason for lying.” Her advice was simple and yet
perfect. Only four more hours and Daichi would know the secret, which was
hiding behind his lover’s action.



-



After work the raven tried to go home as
fast as he could. He wanted to be there before the other, which also was the
case. The apartment door was locked and when he went through no shoes were
standing there. It wasn’t like he expected it any other way. He sat down on the
couch in the living room, and grabbed a book, which was lying on the table.
Well, he couldn’t really concentrate on it since he was too curious what Suga
would tell him in a few minutes 



It felt like an eternity until he heard the
sound of rattling keys and an opening door. He stood up and went into the
corridor, where he saw Suga standing with a strange expression. There was no
smile and no friendly expression in his eyes. His hazel orbs were staring at
him and Daichi knew this face: he was serious.



“Daichi would you please wait for me in the
living room?” Before the addressed could answer the ash-blonde already walked
to the bedroom. Now the raven was confused. It was rare to see his friend like
this and he immediately got nervous, thinking about all the possibilities for
Suga’s seriousness – from the older male having legal problems to being
unfaithful - , which were running through his mind. There was no time to think
further about this matter, because the older man came back and started the
conversation. “How did you learn that I wasn’t at work yesterday?”



“I was wondering why you had to work this
much, so I called one of your colleagues. He told me you were away on vacation for
the last four days.” Suga was obviously surprised by that answer. He never
thought about that possibility, but he caught himself very quickly and just
went on as he had planned.



“Yes, that’s true. But there’s something I
had to do…” Now Daichi noticed that the other was holding something behind his
back, but he couldn’t tell what it was. Suga’s eyes were locked on his, and
Daichi got a little bit nervous. He tried to avoid the