family was in a state of mind to lead, and that Erestor knew this. The warrior’s contemplations distracted him from the conversation between lord and advisor, so when Erestor cleared his throat and dismissed him from the room, Glorfindel bowed his head slightly and left without argument.

“Have you spoken to your sons since their return?” asked Erestor. It had been Elrohir to bring the news to those anxiously waiting in the Hall of Fire; there was little mention of the lady’s state, only that she was home and alive. The information, or lack thereof, was disconcerting at best.

Elrond’s eyes were closed and he trembled as he tightly grasped the seat of the bench. “My concern has been for my wife since the moment she arrived.” He paused, and asked, “Do you know if my sons are well?”

“Neither had wounds more than bruises and scratches from what I could tell. I spoke with them only briefly; they would tell me only that they wished time alone, that the rest of the traveling party had been slain, and that they had taken care of their mother’s captors.”

“I appreciate knowing that.” Elrond gazed distantly across the room. “My daughter?”

“She is on her way here, accompanied by her grandparents and a large military contingent,” explained Erestor. “This, according to Elrohir. He or Elladan obviously contacted her telepathically.”

“Or my mother-in-law just knew. She has a tendency to...” Elrond looked up to the ceiling for a change of scenery. “I should never have let her go alone.”

“How were you to know? How were any of us to know?” Erestor asked.

Elrond brought his hands up to his face and rubbed his temples. “Part of me wants to know what those hideous creatures did, and part of me knows no matter what it was there is no way for me to go back and stop it or to get revenge on them. It upsets me not knowing, but I know that knowing would do the same.”

“Damned if you do, damned if you do not.”

Elrond nodded in agreement with Erestor’s observation. “I need time alone now, Erestor.”

“I understand.” Erestor stood and stepped to the door. “Would you like me to send your sons to see you?”

For a few minutes Elrond contemplated this, and Erestor almost wondered if he had not been heard until his lord said, “You may tell them where I am, if you wish.”

Erestor bowed his head and left the room. He made sure the door was unlocked before he walked up the stairs.

On his way to the twins’ quarters, Erestor passed the healing rooms. There he found Glorfindel standing guard, with Lindir nowhere to be found. Without asking, his question was answered. “The lady called for Lindir to enter. He is singing to her; I asked if she wished to talk and she said she only wished to hear Lindir sing.” In a lower voice, Glorfindel added, “She permitted no candles lit, no windows open. The room has been plunged into darkness, and the curtains of the canopy are drawn.”

With a frown, Erestor stared at the closed door. Faintly, he could hear Lindir on the other side. He sighed and nodded. “I need to deliver a message, and then someone needs to return to the Hall of Fire. Though the mood is less than cheerful, there is a need for someone to act as host to the guests.”

“Better you than I,” stated Glorfindel. “They always know when I am in a dreary mood. You are the better actor; I, the better guard.”

“I will return when the hall has emptied,” said Erestor, though it hardly needed saying. Glorfindel nodded in return.

As he continued down the hall, Erestor mulled over the situation in his head. If it was easy enough for the attacking orcs to kill the trained soldiers and scouts that made up the traveling party, they could just as easily have killed the lady as well. Sometimes the children and females would be spared and brought back as slaves; this was not the case, as all of the ladies in waiting were slain. Either she was bait, or...

Erestor shook his head and chased the images from his mind. The more he dwelled on it, the worse off he was. She was back, she was safe now, and it was doubtful she would ever be in such a dangerous situation again. If Elrond did not see to it, her mother no doubt would, and her children besides.

Lightly, Erestor tapped on the door despite the fact that it was ajar. Elladan wearily gave him leave to enter, though Erestor only opened the door a little more and peeked inside. Elrohir was sitting on the edge of one of the beds wrapping his hand with linen cloths; Elladan was pacing and still dressed in most of his armor, though his boots had been removed and deposited outside the door. The carpet both inside and out was stained with mud, blood, and entrails.