with the younger boy. His face changed from surprise to questioning. I understood the first, I’d been hiding for the past five minutes and came seemingly out of nowhere, but why the calculating gaze? Did he recognise me?

 

I dragged my eyes away from Oscar to the man on the floor. Sighing, I make my way over to him. “I’ll try and sober him up, then maybe we can talk. Why don’t you take a seat, make yourself at home,” I smiled at the boy, missing the faint blush that coated his freckled cheeks as I dragged a passed out Qrow off to his room.

 

 

After a cup of coffee and a light nap, he was back on his feet as if he hadn’t just passed out on the floor. I laughed at the likelihood of him having a hangover, knowing that he’d be a pro at hiding it by now and followed him back to the living room where the children were swarming the poor fourteen-year-old.

 

“Did he age backwards?”

 

“He’s possessed!”

 

“Or reincarnated.”

 

“Oh! Isn’t it weird!”

 

The girls looked awed by the younger boy, Ruby acting as if she was looking at a small kitten. Meanwhile, the boys watched him with curiosity, none of them noticing the awkwardness in his eyes. “…It is very weird, yes.”

 

“Okay, okay. Let’s all just take a second and remember that this is very overwhelming for everyone.” You could almost see the lightbulbs slowly turning on in each of their minds as they looked from Qrow to Oscar. Within seconds, the four were a few feet away and laughing nervously. Oscar looked to the older man, smiling and mumbling a genuine ‘Thanks’.

 

I chuckled, “Come on, everyone get comfortable. I’m sure we’d all like to know more about what’s going on.”

 

After everyone situated themselves, Ruby and Nora on one sofa, Qrow and I on the other, and the boys standing across from Oscar’s chair, we were ready to listen. “Sorry,” he mumbled, “It’s just that I’ve never really met huntsman and huntresses before.”

 

Oh god, he’s adorable. “Well, uh, we’ve never met a person with two souls. So, first times all around.” Ruby’s words seemed to relax him a little.

 

“Not to break up the whole ‘getting to know you’ game,” Qrow coughed, “But we need to have a talk. Mind showing us your little parlour trick, kid?”

 

Oscar sighed, agreeing to Qrow’s request. What exactly does he mean by that? “Just so you know, I’ll still be here.” Well, that’s not cryptic at all… He breathed in and out for a moment before his upper body leaned back. In the moment after he opened his eyes, I felt myself at a loss for words.

 

But that was nothing compared to his voice now. “It’s so very good to see you again, students.” That smile, that posture and the way his arms laid on the armrest, it screamed Ozpin. I wasn’t the only one who was shocked.

 

“Wait… What just happened?” Jaune spoke first.

 

“Professor… Ozpin?” Ren added.

 

“Correct. And though I may be the one speaking, Oscar is still present, mentally. He’s merely handed over the controls, so to speak.” The man I loved was speaking to us through a fourteen-year-old boy. This might be the strangest moment of my life… “I’m afraid this all must be very perplexing.”

 

Nora leaned towards him, “And alarming. And bizarre and just really kinda hard to believe overall.”

 

“It’s good to see you children still have your sense of humor,” he laughed. God, even when it didn’t sound entirely the same, that was his laugh. A laugh I adore and missed so much. “I know you’ve all been through tremendous hardship already… I’m sorry.”

 

No one seemed to know what to say, so Ruby stepped in. “I mean, it’s not your fault.”

 

“It’s all my fault… I’ve told you once before that I’ve made more mistakes than any man, woman or child on this planet, and I wasn’t exaggerating… I’m cursed.” While he spoke, Qrow stood from the sofa and left for the kitchen to clean his mug. I’d turned my head away from the boy to my right, finding it hard to look at him as Ozpin spoke, but it didn’t matter; I’d already heard this story before. During his explanation of reincarnation, Qrow returned with a new mug and passed it to the… young Professor. He could see the confliction I was feeling as he sat down, placing a firm hand on my shoulder and offering a light squeeze of reassurance.

 

“This is perfect