compulsory test. Captain Pike's culpability has not yet been determined. Are you saying that you asked him to cheat on your behalf?"

McCoy hesitated, clearly caught between trying to take the blame yet not wanting to put cheat in the same sentence as Pike. What the hell was Leonard doing anyway, trying to claim responsibility for it all? If anyone should be able to get out of this unscathed, it was him.

"This is nonsense," protested Pike. "McCoy did his best to pass, he had no idea that I would intervene. We'd discussed nothing beforehand." McCoy was staring at him with incredulity when the door suddenly burst open behind them.

"This is a closed hearing…" started Van Rooyen.

"Henrik! And why am I not surprised?" In swirled the small blonde hurricane that was Branch Admiral Dr Victoria Turnbull, the Surgeon General. "A bit underhand, don't you think? Having this hearing while I was on the other side of the world. Luckily my spies got the word out."

"Victoria," acknowledged Admiral van Rooyen, sounding as if the very word pained him. "Please don't exaggerate. We don't have spies in Starfleet."

"I do," replied Turnbull cheerfully. "If you don't, you're a fool."

She turned to the others. "Miguel. Fence sitting as usual are we? Richard! Richard, why are you hanging your protégée out to dry? You should know better than that. Doctor McCoy. You're bloody troublesome, doctor. Good thing I enjoy trouble. And Captain Pike. Why didn't you call in your allies Captain? This is no time to be martyring yourself on the cross. I'm sure we can find better uses for the wood."

Pike joined the rest of the men in staring speechlessly at her. And wasn't she loving it, he thought. If this woman could make Surgeon General, maybe there was hope for McCoy yet.

"Victoria," tried Van Rooyen a second time. "These charges are serious. This is no time for levity."

"Bollocks!" replied Turnbull robustly. "These charges are nonsense. For the record… are you all listening gentlemen? I take it that you are recording all of this. For the record, on the afternoon before McCoy's confounded final flight test, I commed Captain Pike and told him to do, and I quote - whatever it takes - to get McCoy through his solo flight sim. Captain Pike followed orders."

She suddenly turned on Pike. "Not that I recall actually ordering you to stick your tongue down his throat with quite such enthusiasm, pretty though the two of you are in that vid. But it was an inspired addition. He's been much more biddable since falling head over heels in lust with you. Do keep it up Captain!"

Pike gaped at her, noticing that McCoy was blushing furiously. He dared not catch Leonard's eye for fear that he would start to laugh, probably hysterically.

She whirled back to face the panel of her fellow Admirals. "This is a pile of bullshit, gentlemen. Freshly steaming bullshit. McCoy is a bloody doctor, not a pilot. We have pilots by the dozen. We have very few doctors of his calibre. He leaves Starfleet over my dead body."

McCoy was gazing at her in open astonishment. And Pike suddenly realised something, although the thought was immediately derailed by the ongoing tirade from the unstoppable force that was Dr Victoria Turnbull.

"If you watch the entire vid, it's clear that McCoy did indeed know his flight theory, although his aviophobia is something that will need to be dealt with. Pike did his best to get the doctor to pass honestly and then did as he was ordered to ensure the required result. If anybody is going to be brought up on charges of cheating, it will be me. And gentlemen, you really don't want to do that. I know where all the skeletons are hidden, remember?"

Pike looked round in fascination. Barnett was looking both amused and relieved. Sanchez was clearly wishing he was anywhere but here. And Van Rooyen was slowly turning an unhealthy shade of purple, obviously furious but interestingly staying silent.

"Erase the recording of this disciplinary meeting, gentlemen, send the boys out and let's have a little chat among ourselves about how this can be resolved."

Barnett motioned to Pike to get out. Pike scrambled to obey, pulling McCoy with him. He had a few choice things to say to the doctor, based on his sudden revelation.

Once in the corridor, McCoy beat him to the attack.

"You were ordered to cheat?" demanded the doctor.

"No, I damned well wasn't. She's exaggerating. She just told me to find a way to get you through the test. I never took it to mean that. And I didn't cheat deliberately." McCoy was staring at him mutinously, clearly disbelieving. "Dammit Leonard, I grabbed the controls on impulse. I knew that you knew your stuff.

"And