, Kuroko’s blank expression gradually altered. Kouki surveyed in awe, as a small smile was born. Something he didn’t know existed in someone who appeared so serious.

“Then I suppose he is one, Furihata-kun.”

Kouki returned him a grin. “Anyone who doesn’t give up when things are tough is,” he spoke softly, “So what I know so far is he really liked basketball, but he wasn’t good at it. Yet the team allowed him to try out?”

“Not exactly,” Tetsuya huffed, “It wasn’t that easy for… this boy. You see, when he did try out, he made it to the bottom ranks of the team. No one would acknowledge him.”

His smile instantly faded. “But he made it that far, didn’t he? Wasn’t that enough for someone to notice him?”

“No one noticed him. He was but a shadow, Furihata-kun.” Kuroko’s tone gained a mellowness to it. “A shadow that was in need of a light.”

“But someone soon did, right?” Kouki was now leaning over the table, fingers gripping the edge. “Tell me someone did, Kuroko!”

Kuroko placed a hand on the other’s wrist to steady him. “Calm down, Furihata-kun. I’m getting to that.”

Retreating back to his chair, Kouki began to simmer down. Why was he getting so worked up over a book? A made up story? He was glad the place was practically vacant for the hour, as he was sure he must have looked foolish. It was bad enough that he’d just met this guy, what? Ten minutes ago? And he was already making a mess of himself.

“Sorry,” he muttered, “I got a bit excited. I know it’s just a book, but-”

“There’s no need to apologize, Furihata-kun. Stories bring out strong emotions in many people.”

Kouki laughed. “Maybe real ones, but a fake one is kind of silly to.”

The other teen hummed in response. “Not necessarily.”

“Huh?” Kouki cocked his head to the side. “What do you mean, Kuroko?”

“Nothing, Furihata-kun. Let’s continue, shall we?”

Kouki was a paradigm of concentration as the story progressed. The hero of the novel had befriended another teen that was already on the team. And through that link, he was introduced to the regular players, and soon the captain and vice-captain as well.

“So it was his friend who led him to the higher people of the team?”

Kuroko held in his laugh. “Not the higher people, Furihata-kun. They were known as the starters. The five who normally play the most in games.”

His cheeks flared. “Sorry,” Kouki mumbled, “I’m afraid I don’t know that much about the sport.”

“That’s okay.” Tetsuya grinned softly. “Neither does anyone else in the beginning.”

Kouki sighed. “Thanks. So what happened then? He was finally on his way to what he wanted, right?”

“Not exactly.” Kuroko chuckled at the loud groan that followed his words. “There was a lot of work to be done for him to get where he wanted to be.”

“I figured that, but at least now he had the proper people to teach him, right?”

“Possibly,” was the response, “Even if he was surrounded by those with skill, the boy himself didn’t know what his own strengths were. What potential he had locked up inside.”

“I’m sure it took time to discover,” Kouki remarked, “but I’m sure he knew he could do it?”

Kuroko shook his head. “He didn’t. It took him a while for him to believe in himself. Even when he began to improve and not play so terrible, he didn’t think he had anything useful about him to offer the team.”

 “Everyone has something special about them.” Kouki was once more frowning. “Even if they don’t think they do. Everyone has their own talent.”

“You are correct, Furihata-kun. Everyone does, but sometimes one can’t pinpoint that so quickly.”

And so the tale continued with the boy realizing more about himself, that there was a hidden power in him all along. At times, he stumbled, would fall behind, but it was all a part of improving his talent, of shaping the player he would become.

“So, once he discovered what he could do, he was promoted, and was finally allowed to join the starting lineup.”

Kouki leaned forward, eyes widened, and ears perked attentively. Even if it was fiction, the story was wonderful to hear. That someone who started off so horrible and with no skill whatsoever, could overcome that to become strong. It was enlightening, and he found himself wishing he could benefit from the tale as well.

As the story progressed,