sturdy brick storefront, hands shoved deep in the pockets of her overcoat, looking more like the hunted than the hunter. People were staring so curiously at her, she must’ve looked like a stunned, lost rabbit. She wasn’t lost though. Only lost as to what to do. She glanced at the paint-chipped fire hydrant that sat by her feet. (Name) always processed things better when saying them out loud as if someone was listening, and the hydrant seemed affable enough, so maybe he could be her listener today. She took a breath and began to softly review the situation to the two of them.

    Ivan wanted to see her again. That hadn’t sunk in yet, which was part of the problem. His signature had indeed been scrawled at the bottom of that receipt, meaning that this morning when the Emporium had barely just opened, he had taken the trouble to come over before his work, find a book they had shelved together, and purchase it. (Name) often tried to stave off possible disappointment by saying that it didn’t mean anything at all. Honestly, who would leave a receipt as a clue? He hadn’t any guarantee she would’ve found it. He must’ve just wanted something to read. But after the events of last night? No, Ivan had risked a lot coming anywhere near this bookstore. He had definitely done this to tell her that he hadn’t been scared off. This discovery was barely fifteen minutes old, so she hadn’t quite convinced herself of all that yet. But now it had time to sink in. Yes, he didn’t regret meeting me, Mister Fire Hydrant!

    Of course, now that this confirmation was secured, (Name) had no freaking clue what to do next. She wanted to find Ivan, she knew that, but how to even begin to search for him? All of Oslo was a possibility! It was easy enough for Ivan to leave her a sign; he knew where she worked, after all. But (Name) hadn’t a single way to reply and assure him that she, too, wasn’t afraid of him. The only thing she knew of Ivan was that he was in the same sort of business has her housemates. She didn’t even know if by ‘business’ they meant ‘vocation’ or ‘corporation’! Come to think of it, her friends had never disclosed to her the exact location that they worked at. It was rare that they left the house for anything that could be called work, so the omittance of such a detail wasn’t entirely surprising, although they did travel frequently to pursue some mysterious dark magic of a business. She remembered Lukas informing her some mornings earlier that, for some reason he would not specify, this week they would be someplace in the Sentrum Borough.

      Oh. Thank you, Mister Fire Hydrant.

    Assuming that, in this case, ‘business’ meant ‘corporation’ and not ‘vocation’, then it could be assured that Ivan would be somewhere in Sentrum, in the same building that her friends had hidden themselves away in. Or maybe (Name) was completely wrong, and he wasn’t there at all, but her capacity for error wasn’t what mattered. What mattered was that she got a move on her search, because her lunch break didn’t last forever. It was this driving factor that prodded her bid adieu to her neighbour the chipped-paint fire hydrant, and begin a steady trot down the walk. Hm, walking would get her nowhere with her time limit. She should catch a bus.

    It was about fifteen minutes before she hopped off the crimson-and-ebony bus with a hard start, sneakers slapping the gritty pavement. (Name) looked about her surroundings as if entering a new world. She didn’t visit this side of Oslo very often at all, not that it looked drastically different from any other part of the city, but she had touched down in the Bjørvika neighbourhood, where dozens of high-rising office buildings resided. In all honesty, she hadn’t the faintest clue as to what kind of work this ‘business’ dealt in, but she had seen Lukas’s desk when he had to stay up late at night, along with the stacks and safeboxes of documents that Emil and Mathias brought home from their travels. It seemed safe to assume that it was the sort of business that went on in office spaces, or at least would partake in meetings at such places. Starting in a white-collar rich place seemed logical. Besides, she had literally nothing else to go on, so might as well start there!

    For a few happy minutes she leisurely trekked down the sidewalks and crosswalks, falling into step with those milling around her, gazing curiously at her surroundings. The air was fresh today, crisp but not as chill as it had been, what with clear skies making way for a brilliant sun. Her eyes traced the skyline, marveling at the unique architecture. The buildings struck against the sky were only