and he pulled out of Dean’s grip. "No, that’s… I’m…"

"You like him, then?" a burning, jealous feeling spread fast throughout Dean’s body, faster than he cared to admit.

"I’m just starved for contact." Cas mumbled and was still blushing furiously. Dean felt as if he was choking on the jealousy that bubbled up inside him and he wasn’t even surprised about it at this point.

"And anyone will do? Well, anyone with a dick I guess?"

Cas looked at Dean as if he had struck him and fuck, Dean only then realized what he had said and to whom he had said it. But Cas didn’t stay sad for long, no he shifted to anger real fucking quick and that was good, anger was easier to deal with.

"Don’t you fucking dare, Dean Winchester." Cas growled and Dean went in, grabbing Cas’ shirt in one hand to pull them nose to nose.

"Why the hell didn’t you tell me, Cas?" he demanded in a growl of his own. "You’re gay and I have to fucking find out when I have to watch you getting it in the ass by another man? Do you have any idea what that felt like?"

Cas slapped at his hand but Dean was much stronger than him. "What the hell are you talking about? I wasn’t the one who invited you in and you were the one who got off on watching. Are you gay too or something?"

"Might be that I am." Dean said in a raised voice. Well, bisexual, to be perfectly honest but who the hell cared right now? Who the hell even knew why they were discussing this in the first place? "So why didn’t you tell me?" he sounded like a fourteen-year-old girl even to his own ears but Cas’ eyes flared with righteous anger all the same.

"Because everyone leaves me, Dean!" he screamed right in Dean’s face, stunning him into silence. "My whole family sold me because of it, all my bodyguards before Boris demanded a reassignment as soon as they found out. Only Boris stayed and that was probably because he was too stupid to notice it."

"Castiel is tricky." Boris had said that one and only time Dean had met him and Dean only now realized what that had been about. Perhaps Boris the Rad Russian hadn’t been so stupid after all.

Dean’s insides felt gooey. "Cas…"

"I just…" Cas’ breath hitched and he gripped Dean’s own shirt, palming at Dean’s sides. "I just couldn’t bear it if you left me too." He whispered and fuck, there was really nothing for Dean to do but kiss him.

Cas made a choked off, surprised little sound at the back of his throat when their lips met and Dean swallowed it greedily. He shifted to stand even closer, their feet brushing, and Cas’ hands twitched against Dean’s sides.

Dean smoothed out his hands to slide them up and around Cas’ neck, one up into the man’s ruffled hair and the other gently gripping Cas’ jaw. A soft sound escaped Dean when Cas didn’t push him off but instead tilted his head so that their lips slotted better together.

Soft and warm, Cas’ lips felt wonderful against Dean’s and Dean couldn’t help but press a little closer, harder, softly demanding more.

The little whine Cas let out when Dean licked his lips would haunt Dean forever, he just knew it. It was the perfect sound, so soft but begging, and fucking fuck, when Cas opened up to him Dean knew there could be no turning back.

Cas tasted better than anything Dean could have imagined and just kissing him like this was unravelling Dean’s whole being. He wanted more, wanted it all now, but at the same time he just wanted to stay in this moment forever. Cas was clutching at him, clinging tightly as if Dean would suddenly change his mind and leave.

But Dean knew now that he would never leave. He was utterly and entirely stuck here, by Cas’ side, and he was completely sold on the idea. 

Suddenly everything rushed at Dean, every dirty fantasy, every side-ways glance. It consumed him and he pressed in closer, demandingly, and Cas gave more without hesitance. He just moaned lowly and let Dean’s tongue win the battle as Dean took over the kiss.

"Fuck, Cas." Dean rasped and let his hands travel down the man’s body. Cas moaned again when Dean grabbed his ass to haul him closer, bucking against him.

He could feel Cas starting to get hard, just like Dean himself, and the feeling was intoxicating, much more so than anything he had experienced before. This trumped even the first time Dean had had sex. Suddenly he wanted nothing more than to see Cas naked again. This time flushed from Dean’s attention, from Dean’