to despair of the man ever actually dying.

"I called him Porthos," Archer says wistfully. "He was named after one of the four musketeers."

Maybe this isn't actually Scotty's fault after all. Maybe there is some truth in the man's crazed claim that the dog hurled itself manically onto the beamer pad just as he was activating the trial run. Maybe it was trying to meet its maker while it still had a little dignity and a few original parts left.

Archer abruptly turns petulant, seizing Pike's head in two large hands. "I don't like being without a pet, Captain. I'm used to having one around. Someone to follow me about, sit at my feet, follow my orders. So you are going to be making it up to me, Pike. As of now your command of the ISS Yorktown is rescinded. You are reassigned as an instructor and recruiter for the Academy for the foreseeable future. To be available whenever and wherever I require you." Archer tightens his grip on Pike's head and shoves his cock hard into the back of his mouth. It's pretty clear what his requirements are likely to entail.

Pike chokes around his substantial mouthful. To lose his command. To be reduced to wiping the shitty asses of snotty little cadets. To serve out his career on his knees after being king of his own ship. If he doesn't find a way out of this Delta Vega isn't going to be nearly far away enough to save Scotty from his wrath. The Hengrauggi will have nothing on him.

He swallows down his panic and focuses his considerable intellect on the task at hand. Putting a subordinate on his or her knees is a favourite trick but if you have the brains to see beyond the immediate humiliation it is not nearly the one-way street that it may seem. Pike is good at this, very good. He's made sure of that. After all, it is just another weapon at his disposal. He has the Admiral's manhood between his teeth. And soon he will have the man's brains spiralling down into his groin. Done well, the most formidable man can be reduced to spasming idiocy in the moment of orgasm. And Pike does this very well indeed.

He tongues the slit sensuously and lets his teeth graze gently along the taut foreskin. Archer is leaking fluid now, slick and salty. He lets the fluid mix with his saliva, bathing the Admiral's cock in liquid heat. He slides the flat of his tongue down towards base and then runs the tip of his tongue back up the vein. Lets the tight sucking O of his lips slide up and down slowly, sumptuously. Lets his tongue vibrate against the frenum.

Archer is now panting above him. "Oh I knew you'd be good at this Captain. Such a pretty mouth on you, all pink and pouting. Just made for my dick. And to think that I've got years of this ahead for me." Pike looks up and locks eyes with the Admiral, gazing up submissively into the triumphant brown eyes.

We'll see about that, he thinks, as he senses the onset of the moment of truth. He sucks the cock deep into the smooth recesses of his throat, his gag reflex long since battered into submission. He hums hard in a low register, letting the vibrations shiver up through Archer's cock, and then pulls gently on the other man's balls. As the man beings to thrust erratically, his climax shuddering through him in rough waves, Pike is already up on his feet, leaving the come to dribble onto the precious carpet. He has the Admiral in a throat lock before he has even finished orgasming, an ornamental cushion from a nearby couch pressed tightly over his nose and mouth.

"I am nobody's pet, Admiral," snarls Pike into his ear. "Death in the throes of coitus. A heart attack in the heat of the moment. Hardly surprising for a man of your age with a pretty young thing at your feet. So many people will be glad to see the back of you that nobody will question it."

He watches with clinical interest as the veins on Archer's forehead begin to bulge and his skin tinges blue. He is not quite applying a killing pressure though. He is surprised that a man of Archer's experience would try something quite as crude as simply stripping Pike of his command. Did he really think that a captain of Pike's calibre would just concede?

He suspects that there is more to this story and information is always more useful than revenge. Revenge can be exacted at a later date. As Archer waves frantically at him, he backs away but not before removing both the agonizer and the phaser from the Admiral's belt. He of course had been disarmed before he entered the office. Now the balance of power is distributed more to his liking.

"Well played, Captain," wheezes Archer once he has his breath back. "Your resume is impressive but I needed to get the measure of