dropped his hands to the small of her       back. "Thank you for everything, Severus." 

Sophismata rested       against him, her small breasts pressed against his chest. Snape held her       close and closed his eyes. She smelled like soft rose perfume, the same       perfume their mother had worn. He knew that he could never say no to her,       no matter what she wanted.

"I still think       fondly of that night," Sophismata's voice was barely a whisper. He       had to strain to hear her words. "You loved me so."

"I still       do."

"Severus,"       her voice dropped even more. "Will you be there when they execute       me?"

"I will come       before and do your hair."

Sophismata lifted       her head and met his eyes, "Thank you. I do not want to die looking       like they have won."

"Albus will       watch the execution in my place," Snape traced his fingers along her       brow. "I cannot watch you die."

"Will you       bring me Mama's blue dress? The one with the lace on the cuffs?"

Snape nodded,       "Of course. She left that dress for you."

The door swung open       again and the two guards returned, "Time's up. She must go back       now."

They parted without       a word. Sophismata rose to her feet, holding out her wrists in front of       her body. The guard with the squashed nose shackled her wrists together       again. Snape watched as she was lead away from him again.

With a heavy heart,       he began to pack up the small package again. The hairbrush and the cloth       went back in along with the remainder of the food. He stood up and waited       until he was let out of the room by yet another guard that looked at him       angrily.

Snape wondered if       they would still consider him a traitor if they knew how he had spent the       last few years, fighting for the Light and his sister's life. He had lost       one of his battles. He could only hope that the second battle would not       end so badly.

 

"Would you       like me there?"

Snape looked up       from the potion he was making, surprised by the sudden intrusion by Harry.       The younger man was standing in the doorway, his arms over his chest and       dark circles under his eyes.

"Pardon       me?"

"When they       execute her," Harry walked into the room. "Would you like me       there?"

"I see that       Albus yet again cannot be trusted with private information," Snape       went back to stirring the potion. "What did he tell you?"

"Well, about       three years ago, I learned that the Death Eater Sophismata London was       actually Sophismata Snape - your sister."

"Yes, I am       aware that she is my sister."

"You       apprehended your own sister, Severus."

Snape glared at       him, "What should I have done? Let her go? She is a Death Eater and       unabashedly loyal to Voldemort."

"You could       have told me," Harry's voice was gentle, unassuming. It grated on       Snape's nerves. "You have been filing motion after motion to keep her       from being executed for her crimes."

"She would       have suffered more spending her life in Azkaban," Snape shut off the       heat and turned to face Harry. "And I would have been able to keep       her in my life that way."

Harry crossed his       arms over his chest, mimicking Snape's stance, "You have not answered       my question."

"I am not       watching the execution."

"Severus,"       Harry sighed and started to walk towards their quarters. "Join me for       a cup of tea."

"You even       sound like Albus." Snape grumbled.

"I find that I       sound more like you," Harry smiled at him. "I suppose it's from       spending years around you."

"I do not want       tea and I do not want to talk about Sophismata."

"I think the       last time I really listened to what you wanted was sometime in the late       '90s."

"Bloody       hell," Snape muttered as he sat down in his armchair heavily. "I       want mint tea if you insist on making tea."

"We have no       mint tea. I'm afraid you'll have to make do with lemon."

"I don't like       lemon tea," Snape shifted in the armchair to glare at Harry.       "You're doing this on purpose, Potter."

"Now,       now," Harry sat down on the small coffee table in front of Snape's       armchair. "You know I annoy with love."

"I could do       without that kind of love."

Harry leaned       forward, resting his hands on Snape's thighs, "You couldn't, Severus.       Now, may we please talk about your sister?"

Snape pushed       Harry's hands away, "Since you asked so nicely - no."

"For Merlin's       sake! I'm attempting to be kind and thoughtful here," Harry ran a       hand through his wild hair. "I understand that you don't usually like       that sort of shite, but I think this is a slightly different       situation."

"Fine!"       Snape shouted at him