breast and slowly started massaging it.  B’Elanna moaned appreciatively and Janeway continued her soft ministrations, adding to the other woman’s pleasure until she came.  

They lay next to each other on the desk for a few short moments, both catching their breath, until Kathryn got up and started to get dressed again.  B’Elanna quietly followed her example.  

Janeway reached out to arrange B’Elanna’s tousled hair.  There was a tenderness in her touch that surprised the half-Klingon somewhat.  “Thank you.”

B’Elanna just smiled in return.

“Don’t stay up all night working.”  Janeway spoke as she left her Chief Engineer’s office.

 

°°° Present Time °°°

B’Elanna fidgeted in her seat and checked the PADD in front of her again.  The senior staff was gathered in the Briefing Room for the weekly staff meeting.  However Janeway and Tuvok were both more than ten minutes late.  

Tom and Harry were sharing some banter while waiting and Neelix was sending worried glances to the chronometer.  Finally Chakotay figured they’d waited long enough and tapped his combadge in order to contact the usually prompt Captain and Head of Security.

“Chakotay to Janeway.”  “Chakotay to Tuvok.”  

There was no response.  

“Computer, locate Captain Janeway and Lieutenant Tuvok.”  The First Officer spoke with a frown.

“Captain Janeway and Lieutenant Tuvok are in their respective quarters.”  The Computer answered dutifully.  

While Chakotay tried to contact them again, Neelix got up from his chair.“Something’s wrong.”  

When there was still no response, Chakotay nodded and got up as well.  “Let’s go.”  

Worriedly, Chakotay, B’Elanna, Tom, Harry and Neelix headed for the turbolift and hurried to deck three – section two where Janeway’s and Tuvok’s quarters were adjacently situated.  Chakotay and B’Elanna pressed the Captain’s doorchime, while Tom, Harry and Neelix did the same at Tuvok’s door.  When neither call was answered, Chakotay gave the order to override the lock.

It took B’Elanna less than two seconds to do so and she and Chakotay entered the room.  B’Elanna frowned as she noticed a vague scent inside the Captain’s quarters.  It was subtle and familiar, but she couldn’t immediately identify it.  She forgot all about that however when she noticed the Captain slouched on the couch, clearly unconscious.  Chakotay kneeled next to her and nodded to the engineer when he found a weak pulse.  

“Neelix to Chakotay.”  The Talaxian’s voice sounded over the comm.  “We found Tuvok unconscious.  We’ll have him beamed to Sickbay.”

“No!”  B’Elanna yelled, suddenly realizing what the smell was.  “I smell plasma coolant in here.”  She explained.  “If we transport, it will ignite and obliterate half the deck.”  She grabbed the Captain in her arms.  “Bring Tuvok outside to the corridor.  I think it’s safe there.”  

Chakotay ran ahead of her, accessing the internal scanners in the corridor in search for plasma coolant present in the air.  “It’s clear.”  He spoke.

Tom and Harry joined them, holding Tuvok’s unconscious body.  

“Chakotay to Transporter Room One, beam everyone in this section to Sickbay.”  

The corridor on deck three disappeared around them and a fraction of a second later, the entire party found themselves in Sickbay.

The EMH and Kes immediately ran over to the new arrivals and helped them put Janeway and Tuvok on biobeds.  

“What happened?”  The Doctor barked as he scanned Janeway.

“We found them both unconscious in their quarters.”  B’Elanna started.  “I think there might have been a plasma coolant leak or something.”  

The Doctor didn’t answer, focusing on the tricorder in his hand.  

“Will they be alright?”  B’Elanna asked with a tight voice, unable to keep her eyes off Janeway’s motionless body lying on the biobed.  

“I don’t know yet.”  The EMH answered curtly.  “Now please, stand aside so I can do my job.”

The senior staff all stepped back and Chakotay grabbed B’Elanna’s arm.  “Get back to deck three and secure the area.  Find out what happened.”  

~

“It looks like there was a small rupture in one of the coolant manifolds behind that wall panel.”  Lieutenant Carey spoke.  His voice was slightly muffled by the oxygen mask he was wearing.  

B’Elanna, also wearing a mask, nodded.  “Makes sense.”  She concurred.  “The particles could’ve easily entered the ventilation ducts close to the manifold and spread through the entire room.”  She craned her neck as she tried to see where the shaft led, the movement strained by her mask.  “My guess is Tuvok’s quarters are connected to the same ventilation duct further down that way.  That would explain why the concentration of coolant was lower in his quarters.”  

The half-Klingon pulled her head back.  “I’ll check the internal schematics to make sure these are the only areas affected.”  She headed over to Janeway’s desk.  “In the mean