frown, hoping he hadn't ruined his chances with him. He didn't want to overthink this so he turned on the tv after grabbing the remote from the nightstand and watching whatever happened to be on at the time.

-

19..20..21.. Liam counted in his head and exhaled “22..” as he finished his last set of push-ups, he was drenched. At least he got his work out of the way, so he’d be ready for work tomorrow. Stretching out his torso and arms. He blew off steam and got his workout in at the same time. He’d call that a feat. When he was done , he made his way into his kitchen, grabbing a glass from the cabinet above the sink and getting water from the tap. Filling the cup to the brim, he brought it to his lips and downed it in one go.

That was the most refreshing feeling ever. liam thought, placing his cup down on his countertop he made his way back into the living room and going straight his phone, dragging down his notifications bar he sees that he has a message from zayn it read: Hey liam, sorry about abruptly hanging up on you earlier me mate was being a nuisance. How are you btw? :) ,tapping on the message Liam typed: it's okay luv. Srry for my late reply, worked out a bit yeh?, i’ve work in the morn’, but after i’ll shoot you the deets about the arcade xx. He waited literal seconds before an instant reply from zayn the message said: Sure, and again really sorry. Looking toward kicking your arse mate xoxo. Liam chuckled at the text and replied: If you kick me arse, that’s because i let you luv xx ps. You’re very distracting even through text. I can’t lose sleep over this. As he was putting his phone down it buzzed: Cheeky aren’t we? But alas, i’ll let you sleep. I've got work also and me? Distracting?? You don’t say :P. Night Lima xoxox. Liam smiled wide at that Lima? He thought. Distracting is what zayn was. God doesn’t he know it.

Plugging his phone up, liam walked to his bedroom, preparing to shower and sleep. As he walked he stripped out of his clothes, shoes, shorts, gloves. Lastly he peeled off his boxers when he got into his room, running a hand down his chest to his happy trail he rubbed his stomach. He was standing in the nude like the day he was born, walking into his bathroom liam went straight to his shower , turning on the cold tap and hopping in. he needed to cool his body down from his session prior. Wetting his entire body Liam grabbed his washcloth and soap and began to scrub as his skin. He thought back to the gas station as he washed his body off, how clumsy zayn was. How his blush was all because of him. He hadn’t known the guy for two hours and yet he wanted him. He wanted to know what he liked, what he did, what he wanted. Liam Wanted Zayn. And he was going to get him, by all means.

It took liam about 20 minutes to finish up in the shower, he came out and decided it wasn’t a clothes night, he’d have to get up at 5am anyways. He dropped his towel once he dried off his skin, pulled back his duvet and got in, raising his hands behind his head. He was centered. His bones felt like mush from the shower and he was calmer than he’d ever been. He fell into a slumber with zayn on his breath.

** if you are going through anything like this contact help, talk to someone. You don't have to stand for any of it, We send you lots of love.** 

Sorry, It took so long to update . I just started to work and everytime i set out to write its something after the next. but i'm back. it also took awhile because i don't half ass anything . the concepts are there just how i want to go about things can tend to be tricky. we literally put my heart and soul ino this, as i do every chapter. I'm planning for the next chapter so it shouldn't take as long and thank you to those who read this,  what would really help move the update process a little faster would be comments honestly. as a writer its hard enough to find something people are interested and contructive critism can help  keep me in the loop of how things are, what you guys would like to see happen, these things we can take in to consideration to make the best chapter for you guys. chapter two may seem wonky but i promise it'll make sense. but again thank you to those who leave kudos and comments and even to the ghost readers! i hope you guys enjoy this.-Kayden x

I hope I captured the emotions of the fight well because