basic survival skills.  (Later on his father encouraged him to focus on more serious pursuits, such as obtaining perfect scores on exams.)

And he was willing to do anything if the alternative was returning to L.

 

--

 

Learning a few theoretical skills when he was younger turned out to be a lot different than actually having to survive.  It was frustrating to try and cut the coconuts open without any type of knife, but pounding on top of one of the sharper rocks with a heavy rock eventually cut through the thick fibrous shell.  Most of the water inside was wasted from all the sloshing around, but he was able to get enough to quench his thirst.   And the hard inner shell could be set out to collect rainwater later.

Light returned to the fallen tree that could be used for the base of a crude shelter, and went to work and finding branches that could be used to create the main structure.

Ryuk flew back down just as Light was starting to wedge the first support pole into the ground.

“Hey Light,” the Shinigami said loudly.  “Guess what?  I saw a bunch of swimming things you humans call sharks nearby.  Do think it would be fun to see if you could out swim them?”

Light ignored Ryuk and carefully selected another branch that could be used as a support beam, then tied it to the pole with strips of bark.

“I saw some other stuff when I was flying around too.  Maybe I’ll tell you about it later if you promise to pay me in apples.”

Light’s lips curved into a smile.  Ryuk would continue to help him as long as he provided entertainment and the hope of apples.   And L for all his genius couldn’t outwit a Shinigami since he didn’t even know they existed.

Light finished the base, then started weaving a palm frond onto the roof.

A nearby intercom attached to a mango tree buzzed, and a filtered voice came through.  “I’m impressed.  Light-kun is faring better than expected.”

Light ignored the interruption.

“Do you know, some of the most infamous prisons in the world were on islands:  Alcatraz, Chateau d’lf, Devil’s Island, Isla Coiba…”

Light suppressed his temper.  L was just trying to provoke a reaction by comparing Kira to criminals and claiming that the island was his prison.

“Have you guessed where you are, Light-kun?  Not that it would do you any good, but I was just wondering if you’ve managed to figure it out yet.   If you guess correctly maybe I’ll give you a prize.”

Light paused and glanced at Ryuk.  The Shinigami just laughed at him.  Not that Ryuk would have been much help anyway, the Shinigami probably didn’t even know what any of the neaby countries were called by humans.

“Well, I suppose despite your intelligence, you simply don’t have enough experience with flora and fauna to figure out the region yet, Kira-kun.”

“Maybe I’ve already guessed, and I just don’t want to tell you,”  Light bluffed.

“Touché.” L paused. “How are you planning on obtaining water, Light-kun?”

“Coconut water and rain water.”

“Hmm. are you sure that’s wise?  That might not be enough for you to survive for very long.”

Ryuk watched as Light weaved a few more palm fronds into the roof of his structure.  A small oval shaped creature scurried out from underneath one of the disturbed leaves.

“Hey, Light, what’s that thing?”

Light picked the insect up distastefully by one leg.  “This looks like a Death’s Head cockroach.”

“Indeed.  Roger will be pleased by the news that they are still around.”

Ryuk bent over to get a better look.  The insect was white and grayish tinged, with a small black marking near the head that sort of resembled a skull.  Ryuk, with his tendency to skull-cessorize, instantly wanted to keep it as a pet. “Oh, can I keep him?  He can live in my pocket and I’ll feed him, what do those things eat anyway?”

“Cockroaches eat just about anything.”  Light made a face.  

“And I’ll call him Light II, and he’ll be adorable and fun and entertaining and maybe I could even bring him back to the Shinigami realm, I bet no-one else has ever seen one of these.”  

Light glared at Ryuk for indirectly comparing him to a cockroach.  Humans were a lot different than cockroaches to the Shinigami, right?   Light moved to fling the cockroach into the underbrush, but Light II chose that moment to make a flying leap and run up his namesake’s arm.

“Ack!”

Light tripped and fell backwards over a log and landed on his back.  Light II scurried up to his chest and stood there triumphantly, raised onto the tips of his legs with his antennae delicately moving back and forth.

The loudspeader made a weird rasping sound, and then L continued to speak.  “Light, you just lost a fight with a cockroach.  From now on,