’ is the most important, he even got to pick his own color, the other boys were stuck with the boring ones while Louis got the vibrant blue ink). He knows when Louis works and he knows when Louis’ lunch breaks are and he knows the tree that Louis likes to sit under between classes.

The point is, Harry knows Louis’ life. That used to give him a warm, fuzzy feeling and if Louis’ honest, it still does, but right now, it just infuriates Louis to no end.

He doesn’t want to be this way anymore. He doesn’t want to be arse over tits for his best mate anymore. He wants to get over it and to get over it he needs space. He needs Harry to chill, to let him breathe, for like, five seconds.

So, he starts lying.

He makes up shifts at University cafe, claiming he’s on stocking and inventory duty, so he has to work in the back. This way Harry can come to the cafe all he wants, but never actually see Louis and prove he’s lying. (Harry’s not allowed to see Louis in the back anymore after that unfortunate incident with the cinnamon rolls.)

He starts to lie about classwork, claiming his professors are shoving everything at him this week and he really has to focus, so ‘sorry, H, I don’t think it’s a good idea you come to the library with me.’

He feels shit doing it. It isn’t fun lying to your best mate. He feels like a trash can. But, he doesn’t know what else to do. He just needs space.

--

Harry believes all his lies for only about a week before he realizes what’s really going on.

He doesn’t get mad. No, he gets the opposite of mad. He gets sad. Because he knows Louis’ lying to him. He doesn’t say anything, but Louis knows he knows. They both know he’s lying but only Louis knows why and Harry’s hurt.

He can feel the way Harry looks at him and it breaks his heart.

He wants to make it better, he hates when Harry’s in pain, but he just can’t. He can’t because he needs to take care of himself first for once. He needs to get over this and then he can go back and be the best mate Harry really deserves.

Louis knows what’s coming after the few days of Harry pouting, but it’s still shocking because it’s never been at him. Well, it has been, but only once and they were 14 and it was stupid. Louis can’t even remember what it was really about.

Harry pouts and is sad for a while, but then he gets mad. Fuming, red faced with clenched fists. He’ll give the deadliest of glares and the cruelest of snarls. It’s so weird to see him like that, so out of character. It’s insane that he’s looking at Louis this way, like he could break his nose without a second thought.

It sucks, but it sucks less than having Harry look at him with those broken little doe eyes. He’ll take a punch over a wobbly bottom lip any day.

Harry’s anger has a time limit, too. He can only stand all those mean thoughts and feelings for a bit before he thinks it all goes to his stomach, making him “feel all icky and twisty.”  

Harry loves dealing with his feelings and talking about them, so confrontation is always the next thing on his list after his sadness and full blown fury.

Louis’ been scared shitless the whole week because he knew that it could happen at any minute and it finally does Friday night.

They’re out, of course they are, shoved in the back of a loud, rowdy pub in the world’s tiniest of booths. Harry’s there and Louis isn’t happy about it, but they do this every week. It is their ritual, their way to deal with the stressful awfulness that is university. He can deal with this because he and Harry aren’t alone. He has his boys and they are distracting and can keep him and Harry away from each other, so it’s all good. Completely good. Perfect, even.

Harry plops down across from him and he isn’t glaring at him, he isn’t pouting at him, he’s looking at him calmly and coolly and fuck. Louis knows what’s coming. And fuck does he want to bolt.

“Who wants drinks?” He shouts over the music, shoving Zayn out of way so he can stand up.

“We all do.” Liam says with a roll of his eye. Louis wants to tweak his nipple, but he’s too far away. He sticks his tongue out of him instead.

“‘Kay, then the usual?” He asks. Everyone nods and Louis sticks out his hands for the cash. Like he