beside Dean and grinned widely all of a sudden, taking Dean by so much surprise he knew it had to be evident in his scent. “I guess I have to admit that I was jealous of whoever you get to share your pup with as well. I just,” he shrugged and was obviously trying to look casual. “I just like pups.”

“All Alphas do.” Dean teased in his best teasing voice and totally not in a goddamn croak because shit, was Cas really saying what he was saying? The truth was at the tip of Dean’s tongue but it felt glued there by insecurities and social pitfalls.

“So, are you going to tell me the gender?”

“Does it matter?” Dean said as airily as he could. “It’s… uh, it’s not confirmed yet.” He added when Cas looked confused. “I mean, there’s this pregnant chick and I’m getting her pup so I don’t know yet…”

Suddenly all Dean wanted to do was get out of there. Cas looked so interested and happy for Dean that Dean just knew he would keep asking questions. The trailer suddenly felt stifling and Cas’ scent was overwhelming him. Calming, soothing, blueberry scent almost choked him and he shot to his feet, startling the Alpha enough that his scent changed, got a sharper edge that cleared Dean’s head a little, thank God.

“Anyway, today was busy. I hadn’t meant to reveal anything until after we were done with this movie, didn’t wanna interrupt the set with the media circus, you know?” he was definitely babbling and it was making Cas frown. “I just wanted to make sure we’re fine but since we are—aren’t we?—we are, then I’m gonna go to bed. See you tomorrow Cas.”

Cas tried to stop him, said something about staying, and Dean wanted to and at the same time he didn’t. In the end he left and barely slept at all in his cold bed.

 

 

You guys are awesome <3Thank you for reading!

 

 


Scene 3: Conflict escalation 


 

“This is my household, Edward. I am the master here.” Charles was brandishing his whisky tumbler almost like a weapon.

“Certainly, sir.” Edward answered in an icy tone, clearly too icy for a servant to be using when addressing his master, Danny thought miserably.

He wished he could be anywhere but here, anywhere but caught between the man he loved and the man who possessed him. Their argument went on, strained and indirect insults flying and Danny knew he was the one really at fault. Charles didn’t know anything — couldn’t know yet — but somehow it seemed…

Dean lurched to his feet when a powerful wave of nausea overtook him and fucking hell, he barely made it to an off-stage bathroom before he was vomiting his guts out. He had been fighting morning sickness for a week now, almost as if his body had decided to revolt now that he knew about the pup.

So far it had been going okay, though, and he hadn’t had any problems with actual vomiting but yeah, better late than never, right?

When he regained his senses again he immediately became aware of the tumult around him. In his haste to reach the toilet he hadn’t closed the door behind him and the way was now blocked by Garth and one of the PA’s — also a Beta — as not one but four Alphas were attempting to get to Dean to, he supposed, aid him somehow. He could only guess how his scent must smell to the Alphas.

He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and tried not to breathe through his nose as the sharp scents of the upset Alphas wafted over him. Garth and the PA seemed to have the situation under control, though, and Dean was grateful for their calming Beta scents.

“Dean?” Garth called over his shoulder when Dean flushed the toilet and started the faucet, intent on cleaning himself off. “You okay?”

“Peachy.” Dean croaked, splashing water in his face and probably ruining his make-up. “Must’ve been something I ate.”

“Two other Omegas complained about the shrimp yesterday.” The PA mumbled to Garth who nodded somberly.

“Do you need the day off, Dean?”

Dean needed the year off. “I’m fine.” It wasn’t like he was really sick, after all. “It’s fine.” He waved a hand at the four Alphas, all of whom were trying to push the other aside. Alphas were a funny lot, Dean mused.

Garth and the PA nodded and stepped aside to let him out. He got about two steps outside of the toilet stall before the Alphas all but assaulted him. Not forcefully, though, because this was obviously a precious Omega to be cared for — Dean wondered if they unconsciously sensed that he was pregnant. Annoyed at the cooing and at the fact that he didn’t know any of these Alphas — stage crew, he suspected —