how the glow fills the room that sends jolts of nostalgia and sentimentality.

For a moment, he forgets that he’s all alone in the middle of a desert, in a tiny, run-down shack that feels like it’s going to fall apart at any given moment in time. He runs his tongue against his teeth, feeling it wanting to click with the right word, but it’s almost as if it doesn’t exist for him.

Perhaps it never did.

In which Coran's memories change meaning over the course of his life.

Coran’s dreams came in flashes and flutters, the lullabies of memory woven by ghostly, calloused hands. He’d often find himself reaching out to them, trying to grasp those visions in his own, to feel their warmth and tenderness and familiarity, or what little semblance of those they could offer him. Days that had seemed like so long ago—even then, he reminded himself—of tearing through the grass on Altea, chasing after a younger Alfor. Of the two skipping out on lessons, the prospect of diplomacy elusive to them under the hot sun. Endless days stacked on top of one another, the threads of time thinning out and fraying, tangling together into one huge blur.

He remembered a time when the scariest thing to him was simply growing up. And once that had happened, it was replaced by something else: regret, or the fear of it. Though he had been content to walk the path paved for him since birth, he feared becoming ambivalent about what he had ultimately chosen. Retreating back into those memories eased the burden back then, helped to remind him of what was important, why he’d done what he had. 

Peace, he surmised. They brought him peace.

Everything changed after Altea’s destruction, after he dropped into a slumber only to be woken up some ten thousand years later, long after his memories had been interred in stardust, only known by a handful of the galaxy’s inhabitants. Confiding in Allura only did so much to ease the burden of having hundreds of years of joyful memories tumbling around in his brain, reminding him of everything  that had once eased his fears. She herself was barely out of childhood, and though she’d seen far too much already, she still lacked the sheer quantity of experiences the older Altean had. So, he had no choice but to tune them out as they battled for his consciousness’s attention, only recalling them to pluck out necessary information before burying them where he couldn’t reach. 

Inevitably, though, they would crawl their way back to him in some fashion, in through his dreams where he would believe they were real, their ephemerality only marked by streaks of consciousness consciousness seeping through. With each awakening and subsequent realization, the hole in his chest would grow just a little bit more, the longing for the past intensifying. 

It was on a night much like that one, where he’d woken up after a particularly potent memory—one of his first kiss at the highest point of elevation on Altea—when he realized he’d had enough. Quietly, he slipped out of bed, heading towards the medical bay, where he would end his dreaming once and for all.

Coran rubbed his eyes and sighed as he inputted a series of codes, digging out the formulation he needed from one of the valleys in his brain. The generator whirred to life and clanged for a few minutes before a beep went off, signaling the end of its procedure. He ran his fingertips along the circular rim of the door, the glass just distorted enough that he couldn’t see its contents, and pulled on the handle. Inside lay a bottle’s worth of orange pills, perfectly designed to permit him a dreamless sleep, free of nostalgic memories.

He would miss seeing them. But if he wanted to have any hope of saving the galaxy, of waking up every day without having to fight that creeping longing, it was a sacrifice he was willing to make.

When things are similar, but not quite so.


One, two, three.


Lance counted the stars, what few he could keep track of in the vast, endless void of space.  They came as they left, bursting and blazing through his brain, the numbers running off his tongue in taps and clicks as he fell into a rhythm that he hadn’t recited in…

A long time. 

Not since the last time he saw it rain, back when they were still on Earth. The Garrison had experienced a rarity then: a desert rain. It wasn’t much—a smattering of drops laid haphazardly by the sky—but it had been just enough to calm his nerves, hushing layers of anxiety drilled into him by instructors, by himself. Beneath his closed eyes, the world stilled and he retreated into his mind, the Garrison vanishing as he left its freezing walls and chased after the sound of the rain. For a moment, he was back home, listening to gently timed taps against the thin walls of his house, lulling him to sleep.

Out in