wanted to know if you’re--”

“Did you not get my letter?”

Jean’s heart sank. “Well yes, but--” He paused as Erwin calmly pointed to the door, requesting him to leave. A lump formed in Jean’s throat, which he tried to swallow down with little luck.

“I only have one last request,” Jean croaked.

“Then say it.”

He let out a breath. “Kiss me one last time.” He didn't put a lot of thought into coming to Erwin’s condo, so this was also a surprise to him as well. However, this must be what his subconscious wanted if he spoke entirely from his mind, right?

Erwin was suitably surprised as well. He stared at Jean, a little dumbfounded. His letter was clear, yet here Jean was, asking for a kiss? What alarmed Erwin even more was how he considered the offer. “Why?” He asked dumbly.

“For some closure,” was all he said, throwing Erwin for yet another loop.

“Sunshine,” he murmured instinctively. Jean stepped closer at the same moment as Erwin, but this was a dance they were well-versed in; Jean with his arms draping over Erwin’s shoulders, and the older man caressing the other’s waist as their lips met. It was searing, burning and feverish as they desperately held onto one another, until they grew brave and let their hands move. Erwin slid his hands up the gentle curve of Jean’s back, re-familiarizing himself to this body with the shorter blonde’s moaned approval encouraging him further. They moved together, as Jean gently folded his fingers through Erwin’s hair to make him tilt his head just so, intensifying the kiss that much more with the addition of his smooth tongue running along Erwin’s. They moaned together at the contact they so desperately missed having. The taller man grew bolder still, and slid his hands down to Jean’s rear to grope and squeeze in his palms. With the flustered praise he received, he easily slotted a knee between Jean’s thighs, then held Jean still as he rubbed against the other, pleased to discover Jean was already half-hard from this alone. Jean gasped and broke the kiss.

“Bedroom,” was all he could muster. Erwin was happy to oblige, but he didn't want to let go. So he picked up Jean and carried him into his room, his kisses traversing south, down his neck. Jean keened at the attention, his legs wrapped tight around Erwin even as they fell onto the bed together. Erwin ran a slow, soothing hand along Jean’s leg in an attempt to make him let go, and it worked, the result making Jean lay himself out underneath the other, gazing up at him with his lips still swollen from the heated kisses and his neck slowly blooming with small bruises. The sight absolutely made Erwin’s mouth dry, and his cock twitch hard with interest, especially when he watched as Jean licked his lips slowly while eyeing him up. The taller one couldn’t help himself as he pressed his crotch down and rubbed against Jean’s, despite all the clothes in the way. But the way he  purred  in response was well worth it.

“Want you,” Jean breathed shakily, staring up at Erwin with those big, needy eyes again. “N-Need you..” As if to show Erwin just how much need, he reached down and fidgeted with his belt and pants, sliding them down a little bit before easing his boxers down as well, unable to suppress the airy sigh as the cool air made contact with his hard, dripping dick. He was flushed a pretty pink, watching Erwin as if waiting for his approval, even offering a little roll of his hips that nearly made Erwin go cross-eyed in an effort to not come right in his pants.

“T-Take it off, all of it,” he demanded in a low voice. He sat up and unbuttoned his shirt while Jean frantically stripped himself naked. Once he accomplished that, he went straight for Erwin’s pants.

“Ah-ah,” Erwin warned, getting off the bed and stepping back. The whine Jean made in response was unreal, and actually made Erwin step closer in his stupor. Not that Jean minded. He grabbed Erwin’s pants and shucked them off as fast as he did his own clothes before Erwin even realized it, just a little too mindblown to keep his dominance intact. He stroked Jean’s hair and murmured praises as Jean settled himself right in front of Erwin’s now throbbing cock with a grin, like he was just given a piece of goddamn candy. With Erwin’s nod, Jean moved his head closer and dragged his tongue along the length of his shaft. He ran his tongue along his head, lapping up all of the precome and driving Erwin into a fit of pleasure. He let out a moan, now holding Jean’s hair tight as he tried desperately to not thrust his entire cock into that hot little mouth