extra ice."  Tajima says with a smile. "OK I'll be right back."  "So Mihashi what movie did you want to see?" Tajima asks making small talk. "Oh I've been wanting to see captain America civil war." Mihashi says starting to relax and get comfortable. "It's settled then that's what we'll watch." Tajima says throwing his hands behind his hand and smiles like there's no tomorrow. "Here are your drinks, now what can I get you to?" "I'll have the chicken sandwich." Mihashi says closing the menu. "And i would like a slice of cherry pie." Tajima says handing over his menu. "Would you like whiped cream on it." The waitress asks while taking the menus. "Yes, could i get extra please!" Tajima asks excitedly. "Sure it'll be a few minutes." The waitress leaves. "So ah Tajima I was was surprised when you asked me out yesterday, I didn't know you we're gay." Mihashi says starting to fidget. "Well actually I'm bi, I figure why close off one door when it comes to sex, I was only little surprised you agreed, you never did seem too hetero." Tajima says with a straight face. "Then shouldn't you be pansexual like me then?" Mihashi comments quietly. What's that? Tajima asks completely dead serious staring Mihashi down. Mihashi feels Tajima's eyes bearing down on him, like his stare could burn a hole straight though him. Mihashi has a mini mental panic attack but he gets though it after a couple moments. Ah I-Its like you d-date whoever because your not picky on sex, orientation, or gender you just love who you love whether they be male, female, bi, gay, trans or anything in-between. Mihashi says starting off shaky but ends strong. "Wow that's awesome I might be pansexual then too I just never knew the name." Tajima says impressed. "Here is your chicken sandwich and your cherry pie." "Thank you Miss." Mihashi says quietly. "Let me know if you to need anything." The waitress says and leaves.

Mihashi sinks his teeth into the sandwich with abandoned having skiped breakfast his appetite is ferocious. "You want a bite of pie?" Tajima offers to his date. "Sure thanks." Tajima reaches over with his fork as he watches Mihashi's mouth envelope the fork. Tajima then takes a bit of whipped cream on his finger and puts it on Mihashi's nose  (>.> that's not a metaphor for anything.) "Hey!" Mihashi says pouting. Tajima gets up reaches over the small table grabs Mihashi by the chin tilting his face up look into Mihashi's blushing face and darting eyes and then proceeds to.....ki..... Lick him on the nose. "Tajima!" Mihashi exhales looking around to see if anyone is staring, they are not. Mihashi breathes a sigh of relief. "So when's the movie start?" Mihashi asks trying to get less flustered. "Well let me look it up." Tajima says whipping out his cell phone. "It says 2:15 and its wow 1:30 already man time flew by we should leave now if we want to get good seats the movie theater is across town." Tajima quickly pays the bill and they head out to the theater making small talk about what they hope to see in the movie.

Now at the movie theater or (cinema for you Brits I'm looking at you misspumpkinpie) Mihashi and Tajima both enter with a sigh of relief the long hot walk was taxing. "Man this air conditioning is wonderful." Tajima says in relief. They walk up to the counter Mihashi is strategically hiding behind Tajima at this point. "Two tickets for captain America civil war please." Tajima then promptly pays for them. Then they go to the snack bar and get two extra large buckets of popcorn, two large drinks and some candy. They then go to where the seats are, it is sparce at best. "Must be about ten people in here." Mihashi comments. "Let's sit in the very front." Tajima suggest. They turn off there phones as the movie starts.

Meanwhile Abe has just arrived at Sakaeguchi's house they had planned to hangout. "Hey." Abe tiredly mutters in the front door. "Wow you look like shit man." Sakaeguchi says with mild concern. "Gee thanks, I didn't get much sleep last night." Abe says with bags under his eyes. "Why?" Sakaeguchi asks as they go up stairs to his room. "It's stupid, I stayed up all night thinking." Abe laying down on Sakaeguchi's bed. "Thinking about what? Sakaeguchi presses further. "Its dumb I don't want to say." Abe responds. "Oh come on you can tell me we're best friends." Sakaeguchi reassures. "Fine I was up all night thinking about Mihashi going on a date with Tajima OK!" Abe confesses. "Oooh