, Belle sits up in her dim quarters. “Enough!” she declares to the darkness. Flinging her heavy quilts to the side, the small women marches to her vanity and slams her hands on the top, leaning forward to stare at herself in the mirror.

 “Enough of this feeling sorry for yourself,” she orders her reflection sternly, jabbing a finger for emphasis. “Nothing is stopping you from celebrating Solstice, even here. You’re in a magic castle for goodness sakes! There has to be something you can pull together.”

 Belle sets her jaw, lips pursing determinedly. She is going to celebrate Winter Solstice and no sadness, solitude, or deals with dark ones were going to stand in her way. Belle has never wandered about a castle clad only in her nightclothes before but there’s a first time for everything. Squaring her shoulders, Belle marches toward the kitchen. It was a good a place to start as any.

 Several hours later, she stands exhausted in the great hall, surveying her success. Fat tallow candles glow all over the room, scattered about in replacement of bonfires. She’d also pulled together a lovely little feast of her own from the kitchen, complete with a nice bottle of wine. She’d flung several quilts snagged from her quarters onto the settees in front of the hearth. After building a roaring fire Belle had placed everything in front of the heat for her solitary celebration. All that’s left, Belle decides, is some festive decorations.

 Running up the winding stairs, Belle approaches Rumpelstiltskin’s workroom cautiously. She’d entered this space many times before to fetch and clean but never unaccompanied. Easing inside Belle hurries past the workbench and spinning wheel- really, how many of those where there in this castle?!- And locates a shelf filled with many green, leafy herbs. Mistletoe, she remembers her master calling it. No real magical properties unless mixed with something else and with the lovely red berries, the greens would look exquisite hanging in the windows in the great hall.

 Locating the ladder is the work of minutes and soon Belle perches precariously on the rungs carefully arranging mistletoe along the top of the first window pane. Leaning over to fluff and tuck, Belle misses the doors creaking open. Suddenly a voice booms out, “What do you think you’re doing!?”

 Belle shrieks, almost losing her grip, the ladder wobbling dangerously.

 “Wait,” the voice cries out and suddenly she is steady again. Belle looks down and finds herself staring into the eyes of her long gone master clutching the base of the ladder securely. Rumpelstiltskin stares back up at her, wide eyed and slack jawed.

 “You scared me!” Belle screeches once she gathers her wits at the same moment Rumpelstiltskin squawks “What are you wearing?!

 Glancing down at her linen nightgown and bare feet, Belle feels blood rush to her face. A flame of anger at her lord follows closely after. Of course, of course the dratted man would choose to return at the most inopportune moment possible.

 Glaring daggers at the Dark One might not be the sanest decision in the world but it’s the only one left to her with her dignity still somewhat intact. “What does it look like I’m doing?” she retorts sharply. “I’m decorating!”

 According to every governess her father ever employed, Belle boasted an extremely overactive imagination but there seems to be a reddish hue spreading over Rumpelstiltskin’s cheeks as well. His eyes are firmly fixed downward as he addresses the stone floor. “And whatever brought on this pressing need to spruce up the hall dearie? In the middle of the night as well? Was one time almost falling to your death not quite enough?”

 Belle gaps at the ridiculous wizard. “No!” she snaps indignantly. She’s vaguely aware that she’s never spoken to her master in such a tone before but she’s far, far too embarrassed and vexed at this point to care. “Don’t you know what tonight is?” Belle demands, scowling down at him. All she receives is a confused, black stare in return. “The Winter Solstice. It begins tonight. I thought a celebration in order.”

 The Dark One’s shoulders jerk at her explanation. “Ah, yes. Solstice.” His voice is very quiet. “I’d forgotten.”

 Belle isn’t sure want to make of his tone but something about it pokes at her, pricking her conscience for being so sharp with him. “Well,” she tells him slowly, “I’m going to celebrate at least. And to do so I need to finish hanging this mistletoe. Can you please move the ladder for me over to the other window?”

 For the second time that night, Rumpelstiltskin is gaping at her like a fish. After a few moments his mouth snaps shut and he insists on holding the ladder steady while she arranges the mistletoe to her liking. When Belle checks halfway through her self appointed task, she only sees the top of his wild hair, his face still turned to face the floor. For all his fearsome reputation as a