that arousing.

 

Electricity coursed through his veins and a surge of pleasure followed after. More. He wanted more. Strong hands dropped to his waist, compact legs squeezed at his sides and then, with a slow roll of his hips, Sherlock felt his mind go blank.

 

Rough denim on ironed cotton pressed down again and again. No, it wasn’t enough, too confining, not enough skin contact. More, he needed more. Sherlock opened his mouth wide, to demand, implore, anything that would increase the intimacy between them; a tongue was shoved roughly against his. Gone were the sweet innocent kisses and in its place, burning lust. Sherlock eagerly returned the attentions, craning his neck forward to chase after John’s mouth, his tongue darting out to swipe at the bruised lips.

 

For future reference, Sherlock did not whine when John pulled away. Nor did he curse when John undid the button on his flies.

 

Designer trousers were unceremoniously shoved down to his knees and from where he lay, Sherlock was able to see the bulge straining against the fabric of his underwear. He felt damp. He probably was.

 

John’s gaze was predatory, his pupils blown from under those hooded eyes. With a torturous pace, his hand came forward to the bulge, his index finger tracing the wet patch that had formed. Increasing pressure at irregular intervals, he was pleased that he had driven Sherlock to such base desires.

 

Sherlock opened his eyes, unsure of when he had closed them, to see John’s shoulder in front of him and to feel a hot breath against his ear.

 

“Mouth or hand?” Came the low, sensual rumble.

 

Sherlock shivered and swallowed thickly. “M-mouth.” He was rewarded with a husky chuckle and a quick playful bite to the earlobe before the good doctor pulled away.

 

Time seemed to slow when John tugged his briefs away, pulling them away with his trousers and throwing them carelessly to the side. John’s hands came up to grasp at his hips, his breath thick and heavy over the tip of his rigid cock. Lining up his mouth with the length, Sherlock could only watch as that sinful tongue peaked out to lick away the thick bead of pre-ejaculate. A few more licks around the head was enough to have Sherlock whispering a string of profanities and when it came to actually having John’s mouth around him, Sherlock very nearly screamed.

 

Down and down, that hot moist heat sank. Sherlock gasped, his hands clutching at air as he did his best to thrust up; foiled by the strong hands keeping him down. John couldn’t fit all of him into his mouth, but he expertly worked with what he had. A swirl of the tongue here, a powerful suck there and when one hand slipped off his hip to grasp at the base of his erection, it took all of Sherlock’s will to keep his eyes open.

 

Each slide was slow and deliberate, John’s lips were stretched obscenely wide over the hard length and as his head bobbed back and forth, Sherlock could only watch. A thin coating of saliva formed, sucked away by the hollowed cheeks but soon replaced by the languid licks and teasing twirls of his tongue. When John’s fingers twisted the base and he was swallowed down once more, Sherlock was more than half out of his mind.

 

“S-stop, John, stop!”

 

John instantly pulled away as if he had been burned. Cheeks flushed, a thin line of spit dribbling out the corner of his mouth and looking thoroughly debauched, Sherlock had never wanted a man more.

 

His voice was rough when he spoke. “I-I’m sorry, should we—”  

 

“No,” Sherlock cut off. He inhaled deeply, forcing air into his abused lungs before he continued. “I don’t want to come like this.”

 

John’s eyes widened and the flicker of doubt crept onto his face once more. “Sherlock, think carefully about this...”

 

How could he think carefully when the man he wanted looked so ravished? It was like telling a starving lion not to eat the meat dangling in front of it. Sherlock shifted up, so he didn’t have to crane his head forward to meet John’s eyes and invitingly, spread his legs. “Please,” he pitched his voice low, made sure that the singular word dripped with need.

 

He watched the skin on John’s throat shift and directed his gaze at the very noticeable bulge straining against the denim. He whined quietly, moving his body lower, making it clear how much he wanted all of this.  

 

John flushed a darker shade of red but nodded, shifting forward, he reached for the bedside table drawer and pulled out the small bottle of lube; hesitating shortly when he realised something of considerable importance. Sherlock heard a muted swear.

 

It was easy to see what it was, even in his lust-addled state. “It doesn't matter.”

 

John blinked, his eyes wide and his mouth slightly agape. Oh God, he wanted that mouth. Sherlock needed to taste him again,