cupcake and give your honest opinion. You hoped that he would take it well. Nodding your head, you picked up the cupcake slowly and placed it to your lips. Opening your mouth, you chomped down onto it. 

Immediately, you feel your eyes widen, and your lips upturn into the widest smile you could give. A satisfied "Mmmm..." managed to leave your lips as you hungrily devoured the cupcake that was placed in front of you. It was so delicious, you couldn't help but eat it quickly. Sighing out happily, you licked your chops for any last remnants of frosting left on your lips. You wanted to make sure that everything about that scrumptious treat was gone. Enthusiastic about how it turned out, you excitedly blurt out, "That was amazing Oliver! You should make these on a more permanent basis. If you do, I'll make sure to drop by more often. How about that?" Now it was your turn to watch, Oliver's eyes widen. "R-Really? D-Do you mean it poppet? I'd be delighted to have you as a regular customer. I'm flattered that you think my first gluten free cupcake was that much of a success!" The Englishman was so over the moon from what you said, that he could've leaped for joy. You really made his day, but what you said to him. Giving a thumbs up, you nod again. "Sure! I'd love to. Oh, but how much do I owe you for the cupcake I just consumed?" You sheepishly asked. Totally forgetting to pay for the treat that is long since gone. Oliver dismissed what you said about price. "Poppet...normally, I would charge for these sort of things...but I need only one thing from you in return for making that cupcake. Think you can do it?" 

Intrigued, you raise a brow and hum lowly. "Well, that depends on what it is, you're asking of me...Oliver." Sighing, he closed his eyes for a moment, before staring back into your (e/c) eyes. "Please, indulge me on this one little itty bitty request. Stop by my bakery more often. I want to get to know you better. I hope, this isn't weird asking you to do this for me..." Twiddling his thumbs, Oliver was vise-ably nervous that he might've stepped over the line. That was never his intention at all. In all honestly, he just wanted to know who you were, and what made you tick. Thinking it over in your head, you finally agree. "Sure, I suppose I could fit it in my schedule to at least stop in two times a week. I've unfortunately got school and other obligations that tend to make my schedule not very flexible." The strawberry blond was ecstatic. "Oh, that's completely fine poppet. I understand about outside obligations that you must fulfill before any fun can be had." Smiling, you were glad that he understood your predicament and wasn't hurt by what you said to him. "That's great! Then, I'll make sure to do that then! Well, I gotta go for now Oliver. It was a pleasure to meet you. I'll be back again. Promise." 

Getting up from your seat, you waved to Oliver before heading to the door and stepping out and eventually disappearing from view. Oliver was smitten and fully enamored by you. Breathing out a heavy sigh, he was blushing bright red. "Oh... _______ I hope you do keep that promise of yours. I want to see your face again." He murmured softly. Had he fallen in love already? Wasn't it a bit soon for that? Perhaps, after a few visits he might insist on taking you out for a date.

This is now the point in time where the reader and Oliver spend more time together. A date is planned out and things are going well. Or at least, one could hope so.

A week later, you decided to come back to the bakery where you had met the eccentric strawberry blond before. He had baked the most delectable cupcake you had ever had the joy of sinking your teeth into. So soft, moist, and fluffy. Incredible to think that it was gluten free. Oliver, truly was a master in the arts of baked goods. That was for sure. "Hmm...I wonder if he's in the mood to talk today?" you pondered aloud. Other passerby's began to give you strange glances. Oh right, they didn't understand the idiosyncrasies that you were made up of. That being, muttering your thoughts openly. However, you had a feeling at least an inkling of one that Oliver wouldn't judge you for it. As you rounded the corner, the shoes you were wearing clacked ever so slightly upon reaching the doorway to the bakery. Sure, enough you saw pinkish-blond hair behind the counter. He was in. Good. You