to acknowledge the burning feeling deep in his gut.

"Your legs now. Open them. You're supposed to be letting me in."

"Absolutely not!" John yelled. All of those other things he could tolerate, but this is where he drew the line. He clenched his legs shut, effectively keeping Sherlock's heavy body out.  

"Think of the victim, John! This is for Marilyn! Weren't you the one that suggested I take this case in the first place? Wasn't she one of your patients?" 

"I-"

"We're not interested in each other, correct? We've made that clear several times. There should be absolutely nothing wrong with this position." 

"Sherlock-"

"We're friends, John." Did he sound like he was pleading? No, of course not. This was Sherlock Holmes they were talking about.

John sighed, there really was no shaking Sherlock when his was like this. He fastened his lips shut and spread his legs. Sherlock fell easily between them. 

"Good, now Moore said that they were together like this before he realized his inability to ejaculate, correct?"

"For Christ's sake, man! You can't just talk about another man's problem like that," he mumbled distractedly. If Sherlock was close before, he was basically a part of him now. The detective's hair hung low, canvassing John's face and tickling his cheeks. With every observation Sherlock made, John felt small, warm puffs of air, caress his lips.

Sherlock ignored him, continuing on with his analysis, "Which means they were moving together like... This?" He rocked forward experimentally, grinding his pelvis against John's.

Before the blond could protest, Sherlock shot him down, "Quiet, John. This is only for the data. Rock with me."

John swallowed deeply, chanting his hips along with his. 

"Now touch me."

"What!?" He couldn't believe what he was hearing! Had Sherlock lost his-?

"My back, John! We're supposed to lovers! Your hands don't feel as if they're anything more than a pair wet fish! Now I really know the reason your past relations never worked out. Where's the passion?"

John surged forward in an angry rush, sliding his hands almost seductively down the detective's back, "Says the VIRGIN. Is THIS any better?" He asked sarcastically, taking note of the shiver that flowed through Sherlock's spine.

"Much better, John," he answered, his Adam's apple bobbing frantically as he struggled to take a large gulp. He leaned up, throwing his hands onto the headboard, meticulously fingers wrapping around the thin metal bars.
"Now," he cleared his throat, "If what Moore said was true, the bars should give a little if I squeeze tight enough." Sure enough, the moment he applied pressure, the bars came together. 

"Hmm.... Yes, so if this is true..." He mumbled on. Through his rambles, Sherlock continued the gentle rocking if his hips, almost mindlessly. John felt himself getting lost in the sensation. 

"Hold on a second," Sherlock said, narrowing his eyes at the small, circular dents in the wall. That was odd. He rocked into John particularly hard, simultaneously forcing the blond to swallow down a surprised moan and causing the headboard to slam against the wall. Sherlock repeated the motion several times until a nicely sized, cylindrical dent formed in the wall, “Just as I expected! No matter how intimate they were getting, this headboard could never have made a dent like this,” he said, tracing along it with his finger, “Unless...” he went down the board, tapping each individual bar before coming to a loose one, “HERE!” he tugged it easily free from its place, “Do you understand this, John? This bar created the bruises you found on Marilyn’s shoulders, not her impact with the rubbish bin below. There was a struggle. Moore was lying.” 

Sherlock yanked himself up off of John, waving his fist in the air victoriously. He bounced around the room, pointing out things he found odd; the twisted ottoman at the foot of the bed, how the bottom drawer of the dresser was left slightly ajar. Everything was falling into place. 

John just laid there awkwardly on the bed as the detective celebrated. He couldn’t have moved even if he wanted to. A familiar heat wound its way into his loins, a result of Sherlock’s stupid (glorious) grinding. The light nightgown did nothing to hide his very prominent erection and his only hope was that the brunet was so wrapped up in this case that he hadn’t seen (or felt) it earlier.

Sherlock’s voice echoed in from the bathroom, yelling something about inconsistencies and a semen stain on one of the towels.  

“It’s funny, John,” he said when he reappeared, “Moore isn’t as ‘inadequate’ in the bedroom as he tried