till seven!" He accused, cheeks flushing in embarrassment at the fact he'd been caught out. Again. This was the third time after all.
Ron chuckled, shaking his head and bringing his arms up to fold over his broad chest. Auror training had been kind to him, something that Seamus had murmured to him countless amounts of times as his lips brushed down his chest late at night. "What the fuck are you doing, Shay?" He asked, a tone of unmistakeable fondness in his voice as he took a couple of steps closer. "You know you're not allowed in the kitchen unsupervised. We talked about this."
"'M not a child, yer overgrown mongrel! I know how ter cook." The Irish brute rolled his eyes dramatically, swiping at the flames once more with his towel.
"I can see that." By this point, Ron knew better than to bicker. Seamus could sulk for hours and he didn't fancy spending his anniversary sleeping on the sofa because his boyfriend was being a drama queen. He tried to act like the tough one, the one that wore the trousers and always stiffened up that upper lip, but it was in moments like these when Seamus resembled nothing more than a mere child, throwing a tantrum because his favorite toy had been taken off him.
With one last swipe at the flames, Seamus gave up attempting to put the fire out and turned to him with a pout. "Ah, fuck yer. You put it out then if yer so clever. I tried ter do it with me wand, but the flames only doubled in size." He muttered, his attitude suggesting it was the wands fault this happened and not his own pyromaniac incompetence.
Thankfully, the fire wasn't as bad as the last one. That one had been a pan on the stove and it had taken a good half an hour to tame. This one took a few short spells, a spray of water and then everything fizzled out leaving nothing more than smoke and a black stained wall. Not to mention a very fucked toaster that they would surely never be using again. He hoped Dean didn't want toast the next time he visited. A huff left Seamus' lips and he stormed out of the kitchen, throwing the wet flannel down onto the floor in the process. Mumbles spoken in Irish tongue that Ron had never been able to learn reached his ears and the freckle faced male sighed heavily.
Here we go, he thought to himself as he unfolded his arms and moved to follow. "Why were you trying to cook anyway? You never cook. You hate cooking." He asked, keeping his tone lighthearted. "I asked you to cook last week and you didn't talk to me for twelve hours."
"Yeah, well." Seamus threw himself down onto the sofa, wincing as the leather rubbed against his bare bottom in the wrong way and spreading his legs wide to slouch down, not shy of how little the apron covered him up. He'd walk around fucking naked all the time if it wasn't for Ginny's annoying habit of entering a building without knocking. For a moment, it appeared that was the only answer he was going to give. Stubborn eyes stared at Ron, daring him to question it. In the past, this might have worked. Ron would have dropped the matter and pretended it never happened, but he was too used to it now. Knew how to handle the little Irish fuck and stood his ground, staring back with a look of determination.
He won in the end. With a defeated groan, Seamus tilted his head back so he was staring at the ceiling and his shoulders slumped. "Wanted to surprise yer, didn't I? 'S our anniversary. Was gonna cook for yer."
"You were going to cook me... toast?" Ron repeated slowly, sucking his bottom lip into his mouth in an attempt to fight back his urge to laugh once more.
"Beans on toast!" Seamus half yelled, his tone suggesting the fact beans came with the toast made the meal that much more impressive. "But then the toast wouldn't come out so I tried to accio it and it all went ter shit!" He was looking at Ron again now and the red head felt his features soften as he noticed just how genuine the look in Seamus' eyes was. He wasn't a true romantic. He never had been. He was Irish, he liked to drink beer, get fucked and shout obscenaties at random passers by. But he tried. For Ron, he tried and maybe beans on toast wasn't a five course meal at a top restaurant, but for them it was everything.
Without speaking, Ron moved forward and let himself kneel down in between the V opening of his boyfriend's legs. He pressed a lingering kiss to Seamus' thigh, enjoying the way the other male sucked in air through his teeth. "Thank you." He finally murmured, nuzzling the area he had just been kissing with his cheek as his eyes flickered up.

"That's more like