against Louis’ lips and Louis let him in. He shifts Zayn’s shirt up with his fingers, the material heavy as Zayn starts to walk Louis backwards, tongues swirling around each other in desperate need. Louis slides his hands up his bare back as Zayn blindly opens the corridor  door. Their shirts stick together once their chests are flush up against each other, their jeans progressively becoming more and more uncomfortable.


 


Louis’ backed into another door, which Zayn opens, and Louis opens his eyes for the first time, spotting a double bed in the far corner. The door shuts and Louis spins Zayn around to back him into it. Louis parts from Zayn’s mouth and goes straight to his jaw, sucking a love bite and kissing it softly, Zayn writhing as he does so. 


 


“Your mouth’s so good.” Zayn groans as Louis moves down his neck, Zayn’s hand coming up to feed through Louis’ hair encouragingly. 


 


Louis shifts Zayn’s legs so they’re open more and slides his thigh in between them. It earns a shocked gasp from Zayn and Louis presses into it, reaching the skin above Zayn’s collarbone and licking a stripe across it. 


 


“Get this off.” Louis tells him, hitching up the shirt before Zayn takes it in his own hands and peels it off, throwing it somewhere in the room. Louis’ back on Zayn immediately, mouths finding each other, his now bare chest against Louis’ wet t-shirt. 


 


Louis licks into him, Zayn’s head pushed back against the door. He pulls Louis’ hips in closer, making them grind against each other for a moment, Louis’ knees almost buckling at the contact. 


 


He reaches around and pulls at Zayn’s thighs, hitching them up. Zayn goes willingly, mouth still connected to Louis’ as his legs wrap easily around his hips, clutching with his hands in Louis’ hair. 


 


They turn around and Louis eventually finds Zayn’s bed, careful enough to set Zayn down onto it. Louis hovers over Zayn, hands finding Zayn’s hair as Zayn slowly tips backwards, back hitting the mattress. Louis lifts up a bit more, Zayn’s legs still wrapped around him, pulling him in. Their clothed cocks rub together suddenly and Louis pulls his mouth apart just as Zayn lets out a breathy moan. 


 


“Your turn. Take—fuck, take everything off.” Zayn stammers, frowning. 


 


“Yeah,” Louis breathes out, thrusts his hips against Zayn’s once more, making Zayn’s head tip back with a groan, eyes squeezing shut. Louis collects himself, realises what Zayn actually said, and shuffles so he’s sitting upright more, “Yeah.”


 


He moves away from Zayn reluctantly and takes off his shirt, Zayn instantly working on his own jeans. Louis throws his shirt on the floor and fiddles with the button on his jeans hastily whilst trying to keep his eyes on Zayn. He seems to be having trouble too, lifting his hips off the bed and attempting to pull his pants off as the material clings to his damp skin. 


 


“Fuck.” Zayn swears impatiently, tugging the stubborn piece of clothing down. 


 


So distracted in Zayn’s movements, Louis doesn’t realise he’s losing his balance trying to pull down his own pants until he stumbles a little, and then a lot. He ends up on the floor of Zayn’s bedroom, pants half-on, half-off. 


 


“Ugh.” Louis grunts. 


 


He hears laughter from the bed, so open and deep that it fills the room and Louis can’t even find it in himself to be embarrassed, his stomach flipping at the sound instead. 


 


“Shut up.” Louis tells him, promptly pulling off his shoes and socks as quick as possible. 


 


The laughter continues as Zayn lies flat on the bed, hand on his stomach as it shakes and Louis finds himself grinning. Zayn ends up shaking his jeans off, shoes flying along with it and it’s the least sexy and least co-ordinated way Louis’ ever undressed with someone but his cheeks hurt from smiling so much and once they’re both completely free of wet, sticky clothes, Louis leaps over to Zayn and brings him in for a kiss that’s all teeth and gums and Louis can feel him smiling against his own mouth. 


 


“That was ridiculous.” Zayn mumbles against him. 


 


Louis shakes his head, “Fucking rain.”


 


Zayn chuckles softly before bringing him in for a deeper kiss, one that’s more slow and sweet. The ‘fucking’ rain is still beating down on the roof, hitting Zayn’s window from outside. 


 


A hand trails down Louis’ back slowly, bumping over his spine and he shudders from the contact, leaning down a little more so he’s not hovering over Zayn. It’s then, that Louis’ cock, pressed against his stomach, briefly touches Zayn’s and they both let out shaky breaths, all smiles gone. 


 


Louis takes charge and moves his hand between them, finding Zayn’s cock and watching as his eyes roll to the