all of the people he’d killed over the decades.

Spike blinked, head tilting as he studied her. “Alright, then,” he said. He filled the kettle and got it set up on the stove to boil before wandering to the cabinets. He ignored the various boxes of teabags and pulled out a bag of loose-leaf tea. It was mostly black with little flecks of brown. “Assam flowery orange pekoe.”

Either he’d started speaking in gibberish, or that was the name of the tea. Buffy decided on the second option. “And it’s better than what we have in the bags?”

Spike snorted and rolled his eyes. “Just about anything is better than that bagged shite. Fannings and tea dust shoved into little packets with tags stapled on. It’s the rubbish left behind after the good stuff is packed up. It’s drinkable in a pinch, but calling it good is like claiming the cut off bits of crust from a sandwich is fine dining.”

 “Ew.” Buffy wrinkled her nose. She usually didn’t bother cutting the crusts off her sandwiches, but eating just that seemed kind of gross.

“Yeah.” He actually smiled slightly at that, and his eyes seemed a little brighter. “Assam’s a good black tea, and flowery orange pekoe is fairly high grade for it. Good stuff, that.”

She had no idea what he was talking about, but she nodded like it all made perfect sense. Since the tea he made was better than what she made, he obviously knew a thing or two. That and the whole being British thing. She was pretty sure they all popped out of their mothers with a cup of tea in hand.

Spike put the baggie of leaves on the counter while he gathered up the other things they’d apparently need. A box of sugar cubes, two tea cups, two weird mesh cup things, and a measuring spoon. He tapped one of the mesh things. “Put these on the list last week when your mum felt up to shopping. She’s a few tea balls, but these are better. Leaves need room to expand and release their full flavor and whatall.”

The kettle started to whistle at that point, and he immediately took it off the heat and started pouring into one of the cups.

“Some of the more delicate teas, you want to let the water cool for a spell after it boils. Black tea is sturdy. Likes it piping hot, it does.” He motioned her over and handed her the kettle. Once she’d filled the second cup with water, she set the kettle down and reached for one of the mesh basket things. Spike shook his head and moved it out of the way. “Not there just yet, love.”

She blinked in confusion but followed his lead when he dumped the water in his cup out into the sink. Only then did he put the baskets in, followed by an overflowing scoop of tea leaves into one of them. He handed her the bag and measuring spoon for her cup before pouring hot water into his own.

“Okay, so what was with the dumping out the water thing?” she asked when he handed the kettle back to her. “Some arcane ritual sacrifice to the tea gods?”

That got a laugh out of him as he shook his head and carried his cup and the sugar cubes to the kitchen island. “Nah, gets the cup warm so you don’t lose as much heat. You do it with the pot instead of the cups if you’re making more than a cup or two. Can teach you the way of that tomorrow, if you’d like.” He sounded oddly shy as he offered.

“I’d like that,” she said with a smile as she set her own cup on the island. Then she frowned down at it. Something had just occurred to her, and the protective instinct from the ritual was starting to stir, vaguely demanding she toss the stuff down the drain and force Spike to suffer a fate worse than death for an Englishman. “How much caffeine is in this stuff, anyway?”

“A lot,” he admitted as he put a saucer over each cup to hold in the heat. “Nothin’ to get your knickers in a twist over, though, pet. Read the same things you did, and seems like humans can’t have much caffeine when preggers because it’s a diuretic. Vampires don’t use the loo, so I can’t literally piss away the nutrients the sprog needs.”

The protective instinct settled down at that, and Buffy was able to relax and take a seat at the island. Spike didn’t, though. He tapped on the surface for a moment, then went to the refrigerator to get out the milk. That was set down next to the sugar cubes. Then he muttered something about biscuits before digging into the pantry.

“Steeping time is important,” he said, finally taking a seat as he put down a package of shortbread cookies. In a weird manifestation of the Americanization of Spike’