can’t believe you forgot,” he whined, a stark contrast to how roughly he was squeezing Jongin’s hips and sliding against him. “I got you that adorable suit and everything just last week for it.”

               “That’s today?” Jongin groaned, pressing his cheek against the mattress with a scowl.

               “Yup! So Nini isn’t allowed to be all grumpy,” Sehun said simply, running his palms over Jongin’s sides where his shirt had slid up slightly. His hands dipped into the band of Jongin’s joggers, tugging them down slightly. “So I’m here to cheer Nini up.”

               “I’m not in the mood, Sehun,” Jongin sighed, rolling his eyes ever so slightly. Sehun froze behind him; when Jongin looked back over his shoulder he could see the confused and surprised looked on his boyfriend’s face. He always knew how to make the other realize his mood – just by using his name.

               “Well then, Jongin,” Sehun grunted, shoving Jongin roughly, making him squeak as his knees slid painfully over the mattress. “What are you in the mood for?”

               “A normal fucking relationship?” Jongin hissed, glaring back at the blonde.

               “You don’t like me taking care of you?” Sehun glared.

               “I do, but I could do without having to hide our faces every time we want to go out somewhere, or apparently needing to call you ‘oppa’ every time the door is closed. Sometimes a guy needs a break,” Jongin sighed.

               Sehun fell silent behind him for several seconds which made Jongin look back at him, blinking in confusion before he felt his sweats being pulled down roughly. He squealed as he was lifted easily and saw his pants get thrown to the side. Sehun was grinding against his bare ass this time. Jongin groaned at the feeling, whining at Sehun as his knees continued sliding over the sheets, just high enough in the air for him to be unable to get proper anchorage. Jongin gasped as he felt Sehun’s hand sliding down and prodding at his entrance, and scowled at the other’s giggle. “Still pretty loose from last night,” he hummed as he pulled back to rummage at Jongin’s bedside.

               “You fucked me like three times,” Jongin grumbled.

               “I know, I was there,” Sehun giggled. Korea’s favorite model really was just a giggly child. Jongin jumped when a cold, slick finger slid into him. Jongin groaned and tried to shove his hips back on the single digit as best he could with his awkward position. He felt like he was scrambling, which wasn’t something that usually happened with sex and Jongin. But, Sehun usually made him feel like he was being lifted off his feet when it came to intimacy. “You’re going to be meeting a bunch of my colleagues – I want to show off my pretty little Nini I always talk to them about. So you can’t be Jongin today.”

               “So you’re gonna fuck me into submission?” Jongin questioned, raising an eyebrow though he knew Sehun couldn’t see from where he was smushing his face into the covers.

               “Yup,” Sehun said simply, making the ‘p’ pop just as he shoved in a second digit.

               Jongin sometimes hated how weak he was for the other – and how easily Sehun could have him whining and squirming beneath him. He had fallen hard for Sehun at first sight when the tall, chic boy had walked into his college job at the local cafe – all scowls and dark eyes. Jongin had felt himself melt at just the sight of the boy, and his cheeks had gone red when Sehun had given his order and Jongin awkwardly had to ask him to repeat it cause he hadn’t heard before. Sehun’s smirk had shown he just fucking knew how hot he was. Jongin had handed him his coffee with a small bow, figuring a guy this hot couldn’t possibly be younger than him, and watched as Sehun went and sat at a table along the side of the café. He sat there for an impossibly long time – to the point where, nearly two hours later, Jongin went over to ask if he needed anything else.

               “Yeah, I’ll be needing your number,” Sehun has responded simply.

               “What?” Jongin stared, his mouth opening and closing like a fish as he stuttered.

               “How else will I call you?” Sehun asked, furrowing his brow as though it were Jongin not making any sense. And so, they had somehow started dating.

               And now here he was, seven months later, being treated like Sehun’s baby even though he was younger than Jongin by over a year, and much more childish. “You’re just so much cuter,” Sehun had laughed at Jongin’s pink cheeks. “You’re my little Nini!”

               Jongin hummed as Sehun pumped his fingers in and out of him, jolting him back to the present. Jongin rocked back to meet him as best he could. Sehun huffed, pulling out his fingers harshly,