"This is a wedding! Who robs a wedding?" Captain Rogers was furious. The ropes that were binding his wrists were already rubbing against them because he was still struggling, and First Mate Wilson was nowhere to be seen, and the Winter Soldier did not like his odds right now.

The Winter Soldier turned to Crossbones, who liked to think he was the first mate but was seriously going to get marooned on the next island they came to because he’d been in charge of the watch when they’d picked this target and robbing the Princess Sarah was about the most idiotic thing he’d ever allowed to proceed apace. “Who the fuck robs a wedding?”

Crossbones sighed. He was quietly planning a mutiny and he needed the Winter Soldier to not pay such close attention to him for at least a little while longer, but this big blond captain and his rage were ruining his moment and-

"Falcon KICK!" Most self respecting sailors did not have a battle cry, because that was over the top, but Captain Rogers encouraged First Mate Wilson to be over the top whenever possible, because it was funny and he could back it up. Crossbones lay in a crumpled pile a few feet from where the Winter Soldier stood on the deck, and if he was taking out half of the crew of the Hydra on his own, then any minute now there would be another county heard from in the form of-

"Drop your sword!" -Second Mate Romanova, formerly known as the dread pirate Black Widow, now reformed and leveling a flintlock pistol directly at the Winter Soldier’s armored chest. He had no desire to be shot, so he flung a packet of smoke propellant directly into her face.

“Fuck my life,” Winter Soldier growled, kicking Crossbones in the head as he attempted to scramble back to his ship. Whatever crewmen he left behind could go straight to Davy Jones, for all he cared, because what kind of idiotic pirates only captured the Captain and the grunts and let the two dangerous mates go running around eluding them and acquiring weapons? Useless! “No treasure is worth this.”

"Who robs a wedding?!" Captain Rogers was still bellowing when the Winter Soldier hit the friendly side of his gangplank and started pulling back every rope they’d thrown to get aboard the Princess Sarah in the first place. “Get back here, you scallywag! Men! Hoist the sails! Give chase! They’ve stolen Lady Foster’s dowry!”

“Fuck!” The Winter Soldier hoped they gutted Crossbones and left him for the sharks. Lady Jane Foster? This was her wedding ship? Sir Thor Odinsson would pay untold sums to have them chased to the ends of the world, he was crazier than Captain Rogers and had an infinite supply of gold. Sharks were too good for Crossbones at this point.

"Hold, or we’ll fire!" Second Mate Romanova spoke and fuck, they had cannons. Who put cannons on a wedding ship? Who would use the Princess Sarah as a wedding ship? Suddenly, the man in the green cloak who had given them the ship’s path was more suspicious than ever.

“Hold,” The Winter Soldier ordered, scrambling to the aft of his ship and yelling across the sea. “We have cannons, too! Just keep the men in exchange!”

Captain Rogers made angry sounds, while Mate Romanova and Mate Wilson conferred. “Your conditions are unacceptable!” Captain Rogers declared, folding his arms before the other two could offer him suggestions as to why this was a good deal. “Surrender, or die where you sail!”

“For Christ’s sake!" the Winter Soldier was ready to start firing his own cannons, and he hauled himself up to the end of the bow of the ship, taking off his mask and flinging it behind him. "No! Pick something else, you unreasonable punk!"

Captain Rogers made a very strange face, and for a moment the Winter Soldier was overwhelmed with a sense of indistinct familiarity.

"Bucky?"

"Who the Hell is Bucky?"

"Bucky, you jerk. Open fire! Sink it! He’ll live!” Captain Rogers stormed toward the edge of the ship, and the Winter Soldier braced for impact.

He would kill Crossbones himself.