Zhu Li had won. 

"What was that?"

"A tank."

Of course, only the idea of making up with Zhu Li in and of itself was all he needed, but knowing that she had just beat a tank on her own made him pray for whatever spirit might listen to never get on her bad side again.

 

"Where are we going?"

"Away," she answered, never looking away from the road, which only she could see. "To safety."

He thought to ask where that was, but didn't. Might as well trust her.

"I want to get on your side, Zhu Li."

"You have to promise it won't be like before."

"Tell me the rules."

"The first rule is you have to say please and thank you every single time you ask something. I can be your assistant but I deserve recognition."

His heart cringed with guilt when he thought of his earlier actions with her. He never knew she was so frustrated before she let it all out and he had been so convinced she had left him for good that he would do anything, anything at all to get her back.

"Of course!"

"Sometimes I make mistakes. I'm not perfect, Varrick, I'm human. Deal with it."

"I… of course you're human, Zhu Li. I knew that."

"I'm not a cold heartless war machine."

He tried to say something but all that came out was mumbling.

"I can't do everything. I try to be as good as I can but sometimes, I fail, and you can't be angry with me for failing to save you when there are three mechatanks and your incompetence against me."

"Oh come on, I wasn't that bad!"

He knew instantly it was a mistake when her eyes glared at him with a violence he had rarely seen before.

"Yes, you were. You can't treat me like that, Varrick. You just can't. Not when I've saved your life more times than you can even remember, most notably ten minutes ago!"

As hard as it was to shrink away and keep a low profile when he was literally flush against her, he managed to at least look down in shame.

"You're right. I'm sorry."

"Good."

"Is there something else?"

She threw him a look and he could not decipher what she might feel. If he were her, he would probably be furious. He did not deserve her, that was plain. She seemed to suddenly think about something and smirked at it. He almost never got to see her smile and it warmed his heart at least a little.

 

"I hate green tea," she finally said after a few moments.

"What?"

"I hate green tea. You always ask for green tea but sometimes I'd like to choose what tea we drink."

"You don't like green tea? How is that even possible?"

"I just don't. Rule number three is I get to choose what tea I should make for us half of the time."

"I can't believe you don't like green tea. It's my favourite!"

"Do you agree with the rule or not? I can always drop you back on the ground. We've barely left the battlefield, I'm sure someone will know what to do with you."

He gulped and nodded, and she frowned for a second when his hair accidentally hit her face. That cabin was really too small.

"Speaking about battles, I don't want you to start wars anymore."

"I wasn't planning to."

"Good. Don't."

"I've had enough fighting for a lifetime with Kuvira."

"I thought so."

It seemed very awkward to discuss pacifism while in a war machine. 

 

She opened her mouth, closed it, saying nothing.

"Thank you for busting me out, by the way."

"I'm your assistant. You couldn't go anywhere without me."

"I don't want to go anywhere without you, Zhu Li."

Her eyes softened and the mechatank finally came to a stop as she looked right at him. 

"I want change, you know."

"I know."

"I have the right to have my own ideas, opinions, failures and feelings. You might not always agree with me or feel the same, but you have to respect me."

"I'm so sorry, Zhu Li…"

They shared a look. He could still sense her anger, but softness had dampened it and he sensed she might just forgive him at some point if he was lucky. 

"I mean it, really."

"I hope you do," she said full of sadness.

"This is really important, isn't it?"

She looked away and nodded, suddenly shy.

"Correct me if I'm wrong, Zhu Li, but I think you like me despite all that."

She did not answer and