won’t be able to come down your throat, love.” John breathes, looking down at the younger teen with dark blue eyes blown wide with arousal, “Such a talented tongue you have. You know just what to do to me to get me started. Every little lick, every little nip, every little touch. You’re such a talented boy, bloody amazing is what you are.”

 

Sherlock looks up at him with hooded eyes and lips open ready for him to do what he wants with him, Sherlock is completely under John’s control. John stroked his cheek lovingly, admiring the man beneath him just as the head of his cock enters the welcoming, swollen, used lips. Sherlock widens his mouth to fit John’s wide cock in his mouth, the taste of pre-cum heavy on his tongue.

 

“Oh such a good boy, take it for me.” John mutters to himself, pressing his hips gently deeper into his mouth. Sherlock moves himself deeper down the length, feeling confident that he can take John all at once but near halfway, Sherlock starts to struggle. Holding back a gag, spit pools into his mouth and start dripping down the side of his mouth as John continues to go deeper into his mouth, “Oh god, fuck yes. Bloody perfect. Take it all.”

 

Eager to please him, Sherlock quickly takes the rest of him down. Pausing for a moment to force down a gag and blink away the tears, Sherlock closes his throat around the cock, making John mutter a line of curse words under his breath. John pulls his cock out of Sherlock’s mouth all the way to the head, letting the teen catch his breath before quickly shoving his cock back into Sherlock’s wanting, warm throat.

 

John does as he promised then.

 

He uses Sherlock’s throat as his personal sex-toy.

 





 

Sherlock moans around the cock as John pumps in and out of his mouth, watching as Sherlock’s face reddens and his eyes water and his spit dribbles from his mouth. Sherlock chokes around John’s length, trying to catch his breath before John continues brutally using him. He loves every minute of it though, even more so when John’s tanned hand comes down to stroke at Sherlock’s forgotten – yet still painfully hard – dick.

 

John’s hips are moving swiftly as he gets close to his orgasm, moving quicker and harder and forgetting that Sherlock needs to breath. It doesn’t bother Sherlock though, he’s giving John pleasure and John is giving him pleasure in return. Moreover, Sherlock likes this, likes being used and abused. Well, from his first experience of anything sexual, he likes being used and abused by John. Sherlock stores information away to later be examined to see if he really does like it.

 

John twists his wrist just right and speeds up his strokes, making Sherlock shiver into the bench and thrust his hips towards the ceiling. He moves his own head with John’s thrusts, making the head of John’s cock go deeper each time. 

 

Growing more confident, he moves his hand up to rub the base of John’s cock, the bit that John is too scared to fit into the dainty throat. Although there wasn’t much to rub, Sherlock makes do by using his thumb and index finger to rub John off. John’s thumb runs over the head of his cock, making Sherlock’s balls tighten sharply and John’s other hand gently caresses his swollen nipples…

 

Sherlock orgasms loudly, John’s dick falling out of his mouth as he gasps John’s name as his hips twists and his cock spills come across the changing rooms. John soothes him through his orgasm, watching him climax and his body jump from his sensitive cock afterwards. Just as quickly as his orgasm, he’s just as quickly putting John’s cock back in his mouth and bring the man he loves to his own orgasm.

 

John’s moaning and grunting above him, close to his own finish as one of Sherlock’s hands stroke the other half of John’s cock that isn’t in his mouth and his other hand is massaging John’s balls. They tighten in his grip just as John makes a slow moan and tightens his grip on Sherlock’s curls. Sherlock can feel his upcoming climax, his cock pulses and his come travels down Sherlock’s throat.

 

The door to the changing rooms opens the same time John grunts Sherlock’s name and marks him with his seed down his throat, making the teen gag but grin up at the blonde proudly before he feels the eyes on him. Turning his sweaty head towards the entrance, he breaks away from John’s grip and sits up straight, curls everywhere and a blush travelling up his chest towards his hairline as the person stares at them.

 

John turns towards the door, his eyes wide:

 

“Sarah…”

 

“Oh, Sherlock.” He mutters, fingers tightening in the brunette’s locks, going soft against Sherlock’s hand, “I want you so much. Let me take you