used every trick she could think of to earn his favor, feeding him scraps of beef and lamb from the kitchen, trying to lure him closer with long strands of brightly colored yarn, and trying, again and again, to pet him.  Her efforts earned her many scratches and bites on her hands.  Her papa and the nursemaids fussed terribly as they cleaned and bandaged the cuts, alternately begging and ordering her to leave the cat alone.  Naturally, she refused to do any such thing.

In time, as the kitten slowly grew, he stopped startling and running to hide whenever she came near.  She learned to sit and wait quietly, and let him come nearer to her.  After a while he grew used to her presence, and didn’t seem afraid of her.  She would even say he seemed to enjoy her presence, liked the idea of not being alone all the time.  Eventually, he even began following her around the barn, keeping a few paces behind, but always right there.  She kept up her gentle treatment and kindness, speaking and cooing softly to him, until one day, as she sat reading a book, he cautiously came up to her, and with a slow, gentle hand, she was able to pet him.  It was the first encounter of many, and soon the little fellow grew quite attached to her, desperate for attention and kind affection.

Rumpelstiltskin started out quite the same.  He wore dark dragonhide clothes everywhere, sneering and snarling, posturing dramatically and using his so-called quips to frighten her.  Her every attempt to relate to him, to create something calm and stable between them, was met with harsh, cutting words.  It took her a while to recognize the behavior for what it was, not until after their encounter with the man who stole the wand.

He didn’t push her away when she hugged him that day.  He seemed too stunned to do anything but move, as if he had gone without affection for so long that he had forgotten what the gesture even meant.  But still, he did not push her away.  When she turned back to ask if he was coming, a wholly involuntary smile lit up his face, and she knew that some part of him, deep down, understood the touch and was desperately grateful for it.

That was when she began to reevaluate him.  Her earlier assertion that he must have love in his heart for something other than his power was born out of a stubborn certainty that even the worst of men must have some shred of humanity buried deep in their hearts, and a desperation to find some bit of goodness in him.  But after he spared the thief’s life for the sake of his unborn child, after he reacted so viscerally to her simple kind touches, she began to see him differently.

When he gave her the library, again he was all posturing, as if he really expected her to believe that he saw this as just another room for her to clean and tidy, as if the possibility that she might read one of the books was a mere fleeting thought.  But she could see through the act.  She had seen the crack in his armor, and there is no hiding the man underneath now.  Her suspicions were only confirmed when she touched his hand and he froze, startled that she would willingly touch him again.  His face reminded her exactly of the face the kitten made all those years ago, every time she tried to pet it after being rewarded with a hiss and a scratch the last time.

Once she saw the proof of some tiny spark of goodness in him, of a man thoroughly deprived of tenderness and affection, she resolved to nurture it and show him that he could trust her.  She spoke to him when there were no chores to be discussed, just because, sweetly telling him about the book she was reading or asking him what bit of magic he was working on today.  She smiled at him, just because.  She thanked him when he made some small gesture.  Very rarely, she touched him, briefly and softly, on the arm or shoulder, to show him that she was not afraid.  Those rare touches always made him nervous, but seemed to magically bend him to her will every time.

Like the kitten in the barn, he followed her sometimes.  Other times, if she came towards him, he would get skittish and move away.  Sometimes he smiled and engaged.  Other times he would still hiss and sneer and bare his teeth, trying to scare her away.  Those times, she gave him his distance, but never left him scare her away.  Slowly, he began to let her in, learning to trust again.

Today, in the early afternoon, she finds him cooped up in his tower again, furiously working away at something.  He’s been up here for days, barely sleeping or eating, too focused on his work to care about anything else, and they are both suffering for it.

“Rumple?” she calls, standing at the end of the work table.  “Why don’t you come downstairs and eat something?  Just take a short break?”