, she wasn't arguing, and when it came to Diesel, that had to count for something.

Sliding as gracefully as she could along a particularly rough patch of mortar, the white fox grimaced and lowered her ears in miserable defeat when she felt something sharp and jagged tear through thin fabric of her black jumpsuit. The others followed her lead without complaint, and Wynter had to hope for their sake that it wasn't as uncomfortable. Maybe she'd just gotten lucky. Yeah, right. Like she'd ever been lucky in her life.

"Otto, gimme a position check before we run this," she ordered, gently pulling Diesel back from the corner of the alleyway by her tail and earning a defeated chatter in return.

"As I said before, we're clear. The teenage couple two streets down is too busy smashing their snouts together to see anything, and our target is heading this way fast," the ocelot replied in his usual vacant tone, staring at his manicured claws in mock-boredom.

Wynter sighed, flicking her fluffy tail indignantly. "Thanks, Sinpurr," she snapped, using the feline's last name for emphasis.

As much as she hated to admit it, Otto had been right. Her nose twitched intently, once again catching a whiff of brand-new technology. He was getting closer, and at an unnaturally quick pace. She'd been doubtful at first, but it seemed their target had the potential to be one of them. If that was the case, then the sooner they dealt with him, the better.

"Right, we're in. Now, let's bring this little freak down," she instructed with a smirk, knowing that her team was more than ready for some action.

Darting ahead, Wynter paused for a second, her ears perking up as the shuffling animal's footsteps echoed throughout the alleyway's narrow confines. She knew from Otto's preliminary scan that the target was a male badger, unarmed and a few years younger than herself. He was also carrying a cheap briefcase filled with unassembled but deadly prototype weapons and potentially lethal encrypted data.

In other words, it was just an average day's work.

"Crazy kids," she muttered disapprovingly, catching sight of him and realizing he couldn't be older then twenty. She almost felt sorry for him.

He should've been out partying, getting into harmless trouble with his friends and... No, he shouldn't be dating. She wouldn't wish such a thing on the most despicable of creatures. Even her lowest moments of shoplifting from thrift stores and living in an abandoned nightclub had been a more rewarding experience. One could learn valuable life skills from such hardships, but nothing good would ever come from falling in love. If she were going to fall, Wynter thought cynically, it would be from the top of an apartment building. At the very least, she knew it would hurt less.

The faint buzz of a weapon powering up snapped her back into reality, and from the direction of the sound, she knew it had to be Diesel. That crazy rodent enjoyed the dangers of her lifestyle far more than any sane mammal ever should, but Wynter would be hard pressed to find a better Weapons and Demolition expert on the planet, let alone in Zootopia.

"Alright, you better get this over with, because I don't think Doe can hold the squirrel back much longer." Otto said flatly, his voice crackling slightly through the communicator.

"I'm on it," Wynter muttered, ducking out of sight as the badger approached her hiding place, typing obliviously on his phone with one paw as he walked.

Ears pinned back, she jumped from the relative safety of her shadowy perch and landed easily with a soft thump on the dusty ground. The badger stopped dead in his tracks, pulling back the oversized hood of his sweater in surprise and revealing an expression of anger and shock. After taking a moment to size up his competition, the stocky animal's eyes narrowed as he pushed his way forward, wordlessly challenging her to do something about it.

"Hey kid," Wynter said confidently, draping a paw over her weapon, "you know who I am, and I know who you are, so I'm gonna skip the introductions and go right to the cliches. Basically, we can do this the hard way, or we can take the easy way. Your choice."

The badger ignored what she said, continuing to steadily plow forwards. Her words had failed to buy them any extra time, but in this case, she didn't really need it. Up close, it was obvious he wasn't your average specimen. His gait was unnaturally fluid, his eyes just a little too vibrantly blue. Yeah, she was definitely dealing with her own kind this time, and she wasn't exactly thrilled about it either.

Shoving her aside roughly, the larger animal clutched his briefcase tighter and snarled ominously. "Outta my way, glitch. If you can't see, I've got places to