faulty car. Two hundred and three. Two. One.

Fishing around for a conversation topic to distract himself, he instead says, "Hey, I'm hungry." His voice sounds oddly forced and loud in the car, despite the blare of the radio. "You want to get something to eat?"

Zach gives him a puzzled look. Chris can't really blame him. It's barely twelve, so a little early even for his legendary appetite. He isn't that hungry; they had a big breakfast. But now he's said that he needs to commit to it, as though it isn't a desperate attempt to get out of the driver's seat so that he can have meaningful physical contact with Zach and draw out their time together but instead motivated purely by an urgent need for calories.

There's a gas station a couple of miles down the road. Chris can't help dropping his eyes to the little display on the dashboard that counts how many miles they've gone in total. Every time it clicks up, he feels a stab to his heart. Once he pulls into the forecourt, he turns off the engine and then leans across to Zach. He puts a firm hand behind Zach's head and kisses him with as much possessive ferocity as he can manage. Zach is too startled to respond for a moment, and then he gives a soft moan, and his mouth falls open for Chris's tongue. It's brief, intense, passionate. Chris wants to wrap himself up in Zach and never let go.

"Thought you were hungry?" Zach says as they pull apart, gasping.

"Yeah, I'm hungry," Chris says, as a wave of misery washes over him. They need more time, and he's panicking trying to get it. "What was that you said a while back about car sex?" He lunges forward, because the alternative suddenly seems to be to cry, and he can't...he can't...

"Slow down, Pine," Zach says, irritatingly composed, but with a slight laugh in his voice. "Come on. I could use some coffee." He gently pushes Chris away, and Chris feels so crushed, so rejected, like Zach's already broken his heart. He can feel his eyes starting to sting as he says "you don't want to fool around in the bathroom?" It's a stupid offer. He's trying to look alluring, but he has a feeling it comes off pathetic, and, from Zach's wordless look, he's right.

"Come on," Zach says. He takes Chris's hand and squeezes it for a moment, and then he releases it and opens the car door, sliding out. Chris sits alone, feeling hopelessly abandoned in their private, safe space, and watches him go.

He pulls himself together, rubs his hands furiously into his eyes, and then follows Zach into the small store. He pretends to be interested in the myriad candy bars on offer, when in actuality he's not taking any of them in. He grabs a handful at random, and then lets himself get distracted by the large map on display by the register. Zach wanders over to join him, and Chris almost drops his candy bars when he lets his hand settle on the small of Chris's back. He leans back into the gentle pressure, grateful that his hands are full so that he can't give in to his instinct and throw his arms around Zach's neck.

He nods towards the map. "Hey, why don't we go check out the Cahokia Mounds site? It's just a few miles off the route, and it's a prehistoric city. Could be really cool." He does what feels like a pale imitation of an enthusiastic hand gesture and almost loses his candy bars.

"Chris, I know what you're doing."

Chris ignores him and keeps jabbering on, concentrating intently on the map and not on Zach's face, which, he can tell without looking, is arranged into the expression of mingled exasperation and condescension that Chris always mentally translates as I can see right through you, Pine.

"Or how about the giant catsup bottle near Collinsville?" he ploughs on, "Yeah, that sounds great. I've always wondered about that. I mean, a water tower that's also shaped like a bottle? How cool is --"

"Chris."

"You could have your phone on the way?" Chris is sounding more desperate, even to himself.

"Christopher."

Chris can't keep up the pretence anymore.

"What?"

"I know what you're doing. But we have to go back. We can't be on this trip forever."

Why not? Chris wants to say. He wants to stamp his foot and throw a tantrum like he hasn't done since he was a toddler. He wants to grab Zach and ride off into the sunset. He wants to hide in a hole in