Through the hedge, mostly."

Cas surprised him by chuckling slightly as he got to his feet. "Then I’m sure they’ll be delighted to get to know you better."

Dean blinked at the man as Cas deposited his dishes in the sink for Alfie to deal with later. Where was Alfie, by the way? He had made himself scarce the minute he had served Cas and Dean wasn’t proud to admit that he hadn’t noticed the man leaving.

"I’m not so sure about that." He muttered and pushed what was left of his breakfast around on his plate. The nausea had been mitigated by the food but it was still there, low below the surface.

"Why do you say that?" Cas was frowning when Dean looked up and it looked… fuck, it looked adorable, okay? Having him look displeased at hearing that Dean might not be well-liked was fucking adorable.

Dean swallowed. "Well, they’re all really rich and stuff, I don’t fit in. I don’t even have anything to wear that’s not denim or flannel and I don’t think that’s appreciated."

Suddenly Cas was by his side, his warm hand cupping Dean’s chin to lift his face so their eyes could meet and fuck, his blue eyes had never looked bluer.

"My wife will not feel like this." He stated heatedly and Dean blushed crimson at his words.

"Not a wife…" he mumbled in a very small voice but Cas didn’t seem to even hear him.

"Wait here." He demanded and Dean almost wanted to get up and leave just to defy the man; to keep some semblance of power but fuck if he did. He just sat waiting like a good little wife and tried to sort through the myriad of feelings he was not enjoying experiencing.

Cas returned before Dean had even started to unravel his emotions and he put a credit card down on the table in front of Dean.

"What’s this?" Dean mumbled and pushed his plate out of the way to pick up the card and look more closely at it. He blanched when he saw that it had his name on it, all in raised little golden letters and everything. He looked up at Cas with big eyes.

"I had meant to give this to you earlier." Cas said and smiled sheepishly down at Dean’s stunned face. "But I forgot."

"Is this for me?" Dean mumbled in a hushed tone, as if they were sharing a secret and maybe they were. This was a fucking platinum card.

"It is." Cas confirmed with ease. "It has no limit so use it as you like. Just know that I will be notified about purchases over ten thousand and that I can choose to check you bank statement any time I like, even though I don't plan to." He smiled his affectionate smile and gently carded his fingers through Dean’s hair. Dean had to make a goddamn physical effort not to lean into the touch. "Take Inias, drive to Michael Kors or wherever you want, buy clothes that you will feel comfortable in. Buy anything you like, Dean."

"But this…" Dean shook his head. "This is too much, Cas." He put the card back on the table again and almost expected it to burn a hole in the wood. "My family’s in the money laundering business, I can’t take a fucking credit card."

"Why not? Would it dishonor your family?"

Dean didn’t know why he just couldn’t accept this, other than…

"You buy me this house, you let me buy all the furniture and now this." He looked up and met Cas’ eyes head on. "I don’t like you thinking you can buy my affection." He stated, much more sternly than he had intended and yes, it felt horrible when he saw Cas’ little smile just slide away.

"That was never my intention." He said in a low tone that totally made Dean feel guilty as fuck. He took a step back and Dean immediately felt a cold rush of air fill in the space where Cas had been standing. "The affection you showed yesterday, was that because I’ve bought you this? Did you call to interrupt that meeting because you didn’t think Michael would buy you as many things?"

Fucking hell, Dean felt awful. "I interrupted because I thought dad was gonna kill you." He mumbled to the table. "Or that you were gonna kill him. Either way, someone I care about was about to get killed because Michael’s an asshole and I just thought I could prevent it."

The silence that followed was stifling. Dean couldn’t fucking believe what the hell he had just admitted and he honestly wanted to just rip his goddamn traitorous tongue out. It was bad enough that this was the first time he admitted to himself that Castiel maybe had started to matter to Dean but it was even worse that said man had been here to hear it.