, pulling his head forward slightly to deepen the very innocent and very first he ever received from the boy he had been in love with for the past six months.



****


I won’t give up on us Even if the skies get rough I’m giving you all my love I’m still looking up


 ****



After a couple of minutes, the need for oxygen overrode any other need, and they were pulling away. It was awfully quiet for a few moments before Liam broke it.



“I’m in love with you.” He didn’t know what made him say it, but he did. He just blurted it out like it was just another piece of news that didn’t mean much to either one of them. Like ‘hey, there’s donuts in the kitchen’ or ‘I finally listened to that album you recommended.’



Maybe it was the fact that he had been holding that particular piece of information in for a while. But now it was out and the ball was in Niall’s court. Liam’s stomach was knotting up, he felt like he was going to be sick. With every passing moment, Liam regretting slipping those words out of his mouth this soon.



Niall blinked a few times before untangling himself from Liam’s long limbs. Liam heart fell. This was not going to end well, he could tell.



“I- I’ve gotta go. Sorry Li, I-,” but he didn’t finish as stumbled over his own feet, trying to get the door.



Hot tears fell down his cheek at the sound of his apartment door shutting. That was it. Niall was out of his life forever. He would never want to see him again.



****


With the constant replaying in his head, and the sound of the door clicking shut in his ears, Liam tried curled into a tighter ball, as though if he could become smaller, the ache in his chest would also get smaller, maybe even bearable.


And when you’re needing your spaceTo do some navigatingI’ll be here patiently waitingTo see what you find


That had been two days ago. He hadn’t heard a word from Niall since then. Nothing, not even a peep. Liam didn’t even know if he was still in London. The other lads had visited, and without even talking about it, they seemed to know. Maybe not exactly what happened, but they knew something. Niall had seemed to drop off everyone’s radars, not just his own, which only made him feel a little better that it wasn’t just him. But other fears filled his mind. Was he hurt? Where was he? Would be ready to start recording the new material for their next album come Monday? And for the moment, Liam had fallen back into his ‘daddy direction’ ways; always wanting to protect the boy, even if it was from him.

They only stayed for a few hours, after trying to coax Liam outside and failing, they decided to give him what he wanted: to curl into a ball and die. At least that’s Liam had been planned on. Life, however, had other plans.

With the time alone, he had come to one understanding. He had practically jumped Niall when he showed any extra in the purely innocent kiss. He knew that the Irishman had a lot to think about. His best friend had just admitted that he was in love with him. Heck, he had kissed his best friend. While Liam had six months to think over each and every aspect, and even come to terms with his feelings towards the blonde, Niall hadn’t had that time. So he tried his best not to overreact when Niall hadn’t answered his text or picked up the phone when he had called, hanging up before leaving a message.


‘Cause even the stars they burnSome even fall to the earthWe’ve got a lot to learnGod knows we’re worth itNo, I won’t give up


Liam had fallen asleep that night, with tears falling down his cheek and a broken heart, his hands clutched closely to his sides. He didn’t sleep well, but when he did, he dreamt of swirling wheels and cotton candy. He dreamt of Niall; his Niall.

He woke with a start when the rollercoaster dropped, as he felt like he was falling. Once he realized that he was safe in his bed, he relaxed a bit before the memories of everything flooded back. It hurt, but he was learning to deal with it. Niall just needed time to process everything. He wouldn’t just leave Liam like this without knowing he would come back to him, would he?

He had decided last night two things: the first being he wasn’t going to give up on Niall; on them. The second being that Niall had three days to process his thoughts and it was time for Liam to swallow his pride and find out exactly what was going to happen to their friendship – relationship? Even if the ending was bad, Liam couldn’t pretend none of it had