potato with extra sour cream, salad, and some red wine. Zach stuck to his beer and a smaller steak and fries. He was too excited to eat much, and he always loved to watch Chris eat. It was kind of sexy, seeing him enjoy his food and listening to the appreciative grunts he made as he chewed. The fact that he had tucked a napkin into his shirt to avoid Pining himself, which was simultaneously adorable and ridiculous, did nothing to undercut this, strangely. Somewhere inside Zach’s increasingly shrinking rational mind, the part which always receded when Chris was around, the thought surfaced that he was going soft.

He felt Chris’s ankle brush gently against his under the table, which brought him back to himself. A glass and a half of red wine was evidently enough to get Chris slightly tipsy these days, he observed, as he saw his lover smiling dopily at him, napkin slightly askew. Zach’s stomach fluttered. He reached across the table to pull the napkin out of Chris’s collar, subtly running his thumb down Chris’s throat as he did so. Chris gave a slight shiver and his eyes glittered as Zach set the napkin aside. Clearly, it was time to leave and go somewhere more private.

Zach had chosen the restaurant with its proximity to his apartment in mind, and they walked the five blocks mostly in silence, their shoulders bumping together every now and then. Zach could feel an insane combination of nervousness and anticipation building up inside him. It was with relief that Zach reached his apartment, fumbling with the keys and then finally getting the door unlocked. He pulled Chris inside after him, and then turned to face him as they shoved the door closed. Chris’s hands were in his hair as they kissed, slowly, relearning the taste and feel of each other. All of Zach’s nerves seemed to be alight, his skin burning with heat building just below the surface waiting to escape, and yet they stood still, doing nothing more than kissing. He rejoiced in the texture of Chris’s tongue against his, the way their mouths fitted perfectly together, the wet sounds of their lips and their breathing in the echoing silence of Zach’s hallway. Zach felt light-headed, his knees growing weak, as Chris kissed him breathless. They broke apart, panting, and looked at each other, wide-eyed.

“Zach,” Chris whispered, holding out a hand. “Please, take me to bed.”

Zach took Chris’s hand and led him almost shyly to his bedroom. Despite the fact that the whole evening, no, Zach’s whole day, had been building up to this, he didn’t feel any particular urgency. He wanted Chris very badly, but he was prepared to take his time about it. Just being close to him was intoxicating enough. Taking his lead from Chris and toeing off his sneakers, he then reached for his lover’s t-shirt, slipping it over his head and eagerly exploring more skin. Without the t-shirt, Chris’s scent was much stronger, and Zach breathed him in, enjoying the mingled notes of cologne, sweat, and skin as he placed nibbling kisses around Chris’s neck and collarbone while Chris’s fingers glanced feather-light across his back under his shirt. After a few moments, Chris had succeeded in unbelting Zach’s jeans, and pushed them down along with his boxers, before wriggling out of his own jeans. Then they were on the bed, Chris on top of Zach, his hips undulating teasingly against Zach’s, his teeth playfully nipping Zach’s earlobe. He reached down to stroke Zach’s cock, his hands gentle as though Zach were something unimaginably precious, and Zach almost melted. He couldn’t ignore the building pressure in his groin though, and he didn’t want to shoot too soon.

“Too much,” he murmured against Chris’s neck, moving Chris’s hand away and bringing it to his lips. Chris’s response was to slip his fingers inside Zach’s mouth, and he was rewarded with a hard suck which made him gasp.

“Want you,” he whispered, “Fuck me, Zach.”

Zach swallowed around Chris’s fingers, and then reached into his nightstand for the lube. He made sure to prepare Chris properly before entering him, slipping wet fingers inside him and gently stretching until Chris was squirming against him, making needy little moans. Zach rolled them over so that they were facing each other and lifted Chris’s leg, lining up and slicking his cock before sliding home in one long thrust. Home, Zach thought. That’s exactly the right word. They made slow, ecstatic love, Chris gorgeously warm and pliant in his arms as Zach eased effortlessly in and out of him. They kissed almost constantly, breaking contact now and then to rest their foreheads together and whisper words like yes and so beautiful and love you into each other’s mouths and against each other’s skin. He held off for as long as he