and shook her head and blinked her eyes as she finally came to stand in front of her father, raising her hand to rest above his heart, her fingertips reaching at the scar that lead from his shoulder. As soon as her eyes had fallen upon those white lines Emma knew exactly what they were and what they meant. They were the scars left over from Regina’s men. The wounds that this man had sustained, and almost succumbed to as he fought for her safety, fought to make sure she made it to the wardrobe.

The tears finally fell as David raised his larger hand to cover hers over her heart, squeezing it lightly as the other came to her chin, tilting her face to look at him. Before he was even able to get the words of comfort out, Emma dove into her father like a child who had been woken from a nightmare, wrapping her arms tightly around his neck and burning her face into his shoulder.

“I’m sorry Daddy,” she mumbled into his shoulder between her sobs. She had never felt this emotional before, but she couldn’t help it. After everything she had witnessed while in the past, and after everything she had experienced while in the Enchanted Forest with her mother, it was only a matter of time before the dam broke. Seeing her destroyed nursery was one thing, but to see the damage so plainly on her father’s skin was another and it destroyed her.

She wasn’t sure how long she stood clinging to her father, but after a while the sobs subsided and she could finally hear her father cooing, mumbling soft and reassuring words into her hair as he rubbed her back, holding her tightly to him. Once she was finally calmed down, Emma pulled back and gave her father a watery smile. “I think I really needed that,” she told him, giving a shaky laugh, attempting to lighten the heavy mood she had instilled upon the kitchen. David smiled and nodded, bringing her back to give her another tight squeeze. When she pulled back, this time David brought his hands to frame her face, using his thumbs to wipe away what was left of her tears before placing a gentle kiss to her forehead.

“Why don’t I heat up some water for my tea and make you some more cocoa, I’d bet yours has gotten cold,” he offered, giving her an excuse to untangle herself from his arms and pull herself back together. Emma’s next smile was a bit wider and she nodded, stepping back so that he could move around her. As he moved towards the stove, she followed him, reclaiming her stool at the bar and leaning over to dump her cold cocoa into the sink.

David allowed her to sit in silence as he busied himself about the kitchen, boiling the water, and spooning rich chocolate powder into one mug and placing a teabag into another. Once the water was boiled and both mugs were filled, Emma’s topped off with a very generous amount of whipped cream and cinnamon.

“Thank you,” Emma said as David handed her the mug. As she set her mug down, she noticed David had come around to stand next to her, his hand held out for her to take.

“Why don’t you come sit with me,” he suggested, pulling her towards the small couch seated by the window. He sat down, getting himself comfortable, before patting the seat next to him. Emma found herself hesitating a moment before she moved to sit next to him. She pulled her feet up under her, and felt her father’s strong arm come around her shoulder and tug her to into his side. She may have been a grown woman, but she would be lying if she didn’t admit that she felt safe.

They sat there for some time, sipping their drinks, enjoying the other’s company. Once her cocoa was gone and David’s tea was finished, she felt him shift. Noticing this, she turned to look at him. “Now, I want to make sure you know one thing. You never have to be sorry, Emma. Your mother and I will always put you first. It’s what parents do. It’s our job to keep you safe, and I would do it a hundred times over if I needed to. You may be all grown up, but to me, you’re always going to be my baby girl. Do you understand?” There was a conviction in his eyes that Emma knew she could not contend with. She believed every word that came out of his mouth, not a single drip of a lie. He was completely sincere, and she knew he would do it, just as she knew that her mother would do the same.

“I know.” Emma said, nodding. She curled into her father a little tighter, laying her head on his chest. There was nothing else she could say. Over the last few years her parents had showered her with as much love as she allowed, and she knew there would be more if she had permitted it.