the light green floral wallpaper that adorns the room.  Louis had been in here a couple of times when Niall refused to leave the house, and mostly spent their time talking and getting to know each other a little better, instead of being so hostile.  After the shooting incident at Zayn’s home, Liam and Louis didn’t really apologize to each other, and just sat in a room quietly staring each other down.  Liam was annoyed at Louis for acting like a brat, and Louis was livid that Liam tried to embarrass him about their spat at the farmer’s market.

It’s not that Liam hated Louis, he had no reason to, but Louis’s brash attitude made him nervous, and he just want to grab Louis by the shoulders to shake some sense into him.  He’d never met anyone so flirtatious and straightforward, especially when Louis did everything he could to make him blush––from whispering in his ear, to touching his chest, or even batting his eyelashes.  All of it confused Liam until Niall had his breakdown, and Louis showed a sweeter and tender side of him that Liam knew was the real Louis.  Now Liam was beginning to enjoy seeing Louis’s genuine smiles and his serious attitude towards particular farming methods he considered barbaric.

Liam closes his eyes and smiles, taking a deep breath when he clutches a shirt from under his hand.  He knows it is his favorite, a dark blue button-down shirt that fits him in all the right places.  “Louis would like this shirt,” Liam smiles, finally getting off the bed.  He walks to the full-length mirror next to his dresser, unbuttoning it and swinging the shirt over his head, letting the sleeves fall onto his arms before he adjusts the rest to fit over his tank top.

“He better like this,” Liam furrows his brow, buttoning the cuffs of his sleeves.  “Otherwise I’m coming right back here and watching telly for the rest of the night.”

It’s already a quarter to five, and Liam rushes to put on the rest of his outfit, folding up one of his jackets to keep warm from the chilly weather at night.  Liam yells for Harry and Niall to finish dressing up, and grabs a bottle of perfume sitting on his dresser.  He spritzes the light, woody scent on his neck and the inside of his shirt, letting the cool mist dry on his chest before he puts it away.

Liam knows why he’s so excited to see Louis tonight, even though it’s nothing like a proper date where he takes a girl out, splits the bill, and possibly gets a sloppy hand job at the end of the night.  This is Louis Tomlinson, the farmer that sends him fruit baskets and semi-sweet love letters that Harry’s so desperate to read.  The butterflies in Liam’s stomach convince him something good will happen tonight, not just for himself, but for all of his friends––and it’s going to start with winning Louis’s heart.

–

Harry and Niall whine about having to show up two hours too early to the harvest dinner, but Liam ignores them trying to hide his excitement.  They’re waiting at Louis’s front door when his sister Daisy lets them in, laughing when she excitedly chases after Loki in the house.  He walks to the kitchen where he meets Louis’s mum, and she’s over the moon when Liam shows off his pies.  Mrs. Tomlinson inhales its freshly baked scent, but holds back from slicing a piece, reminding herself not to spoil her appetite before dinner.

“Did you get these apples at the market, love?”

“Louis sent them, actually!  He leaves fruit baskets at the cottage every morning and I figured I’d make something nice instead of eating them all in one go.”

“Is that right?” she says curiously.  “That certainly explains things.”

“Explains what?” Liam asks nervously.

“Why Louis has been making early morning deliveries.  He normally doesn’t start until mid-morning, but ever since your arrival…” she trails off, then gives Liam a sweet smile.  “I’m sure you’re aware that Louis is rather fond of you.  He likes to talk about you and well, I can see why he likes you so much.”

“Oh, does he–I didn’t–maybe he–,” Liam can feel himself blushing and keeps mumbling when he can’t form a coherent sentence.  Mrs. Tomlinson covers her mouth when she giggles, then excuses herself to the backyard where she yells for her daughters.

Liam takes a deep breath and smooths out his shirt, then picks up his pie to take to Louis.  He walks into the living room and accidentally catches Zayn and Niall in a compromising position, then embarrassingly asks Zayn where he can find Louis.  Zayn guides him to the patio, telling him he’ll find Louis in the bluebell fields.

“See those peach trees?” Zayn says, pointing at what looks to be a white mini-forest.  “Just go straight through there and you’