Imayoshi’s lips formed in a fake pout. “Your manners have really deteriorated since we last saw each other,  Mako-chan.”

When  had they last seen each other?

Oh, right. It was after the first round of Winter Cup, when Touou had lost to Seirin and Hanamiya had trailed Imayoshi to the locker room with the full intention of gloating, but seeing Imayoshi’s red-rimmed eyes and broken composure had broken something in Hanamiya himself. They’d started verbally sparring as they usually did, but then it escalated to an actual fight and Imayoshi had taunted him with “if only you’d won in the preliminaries we could’ve faced each other in the first round instead, were you even trying?” and Hanamiya had yelled back something like “you think I didn’t want that too  of course I wanted that too you fucking idiot ” and he swore that Imayoshi’s eyes had glinted dangerously before they’d… Well. Hanamiya didn’t feel like remembering the rest.

It was hard to believe that already three months had passed since then. Nothing had changed, yet everything was different.

“How are you feeling?” Imayoshi asked. “You looked like you were having a nice dream.”

 The opposite, actually.  “How the hell did you get in my house?”

“Your mom called me. She asked me to watch over you while she was at work.”

Oh. My. God. Hanamiya lowkey wanted to die. It was embarrassing enough that she thought he needed a babysitter—even worse, she’d decided to pick  Imayoshi  of all people. Why not Hara, or Furuhashi, or  anyone else, really? It’s not like she knew what he and “those nice friends of yours” really did in their spare time. Besides, how did Imayoshi and Hanamiya’s mother even have each other’s numbers? Hanamiya’s fever-muddled brain was going to explode.

“She knew you’d probably try to go to school and take your test,” Imayoshi continued, not even trying to mask his immense enjoyment of Hanamiya’s discomfort, “so she asked me to take care of you. She’s such a sweet lady, your mom. Are you sure you’re related?”


 Test? Finals… chemistry final… 


“FUCK!” Hanamiya practically leapt out of bed, the rush of adrenaline giving him a boost of energy. He ran to check the clock on his desk: 11:28 AM. The test had ended more than an hour ago. “Fuck. FUCK.” If he left now, he could still explain the situation to the teacher and ask for an extension. Everyone saw him as a model student and sportsman, surely they would be lenient...

Before he could finish that thought, Hanamiya promptly collapsed to the floor in an undignified heap.

Imayoshi watched this frenzied scene unfold with a bemused expression. “Shame that such a filthy mouth belongs to such a pretty face.” Then he made his way to where Hanamiya lay on the floor and kneeled beside him, leaning forward so that he and the other boy were at eye level with one another. Unnecessarily close. Wonderfully close.

“Don’t worry, Mako-chan,” Imayoshi’s husky voice sent shivers of pleasure down Hanamiya’s spine. “I already called the school. They’re willing to give you an alternate version of the final, which you’ll take in two days.”

“Oh.” The small, better part of Makoto was grateful; the dominant part was wary of owing Imayoshi a favor. “Why didn’t you tell me that earlier?”

Imayoshi smiled back. “You’re very welcome.”

The moment was almost sweet, such a rare sentiment between them, and Hanamiya was kind of savoring it until Imayoshi ruined everything by scooping him up in his arms (so naturally, like he’d done this before) and carrying him princess-style back to the bed. Hanamiya howled in protest, trying to shove Imayoshi’s toned body away from his feverish one.

“Stop squirming, would you?” Imayoshi sighed wistfully. “You were so quiet the first time.”


 The first time? 


“When I came over, I found you collapsed on the front porch, keys in hand. Who do you think carried you back into bed?”

Okay. Now Hanamiya  highkey wanted to die.

Once he had lain in bed for a few minutes and calmed down a bit (it was kind of hard to breathe when Imayoshi was staring at him so intently), his senpai handed him a thermos of miso soup. Not even questioning its origins, Hanamiya gulped it down—he was  starving—and the warm liquid instantly soothed his aching throat and stomach.

“Thanks,” Hanamiya mumbled grudgingly.

“Hmm?” Imayoshi cocked his head to the side. “I didn’t quite catch that.”

Hanamiya rolled his eyes. “You’re an asshole.”

Imayoshi hummed in agreement as he reached forward and traced the corner of Hanamiya’s lips with the tip of his thumb, wiping away a stray drop of miso soup. Hanamiya thought