hopes she’s feeling dizzy, wherever she is. It’s just - how could she not have warned him about Harry? It’s typical that Nick would meet the first really attractive man he’s seen in months whilst looking about as sexy as Bill Nighy in Love, Actually - or possibly even worse, as he remembers Gills drunkenly admitting one night whilst watching Bill’s Christmas Number One striptease that actually she would, and he’s pretty sure even someone who’d not had a shag in years wouldn’t with him right now.

It’s small consolation that he’s obviously not the only one affected by Harry’s charm; Nick’s never seen so many fluttering, waterproof mascaraed eyelashes in one place. These mums must’ve known what they were in for.

"Alright, everybody!" Harry says, clapping his hands together like a happy seal. "Let’s have a break from singing for a minute and just enjoy some free swimming time."

This seems to be the cue for almost everyone in the water to swarm around Harry, like piranha on a particularly tasty morsel. “Gosh, you have such a lovely voice,” he hears one mum say. “Are you professionally trained?” Another dangles her perturbed looking baby boy in front of Harry’s nose. “Don’t you think Nigel might have the makings of an Olympic swimmer?”

Nick, stuck on the side of the pool with just his feet dangling in the water, tunes out the rest of the conversation to concentrate on Callie instead. At least she seems to be having fun; he’s wrestled her out of her leggings so she can splash her bare feet around and she’s loving it, squealing away every time she sends up a shower of droplets.

"And how are you, Miss Callie? Are you having a good time?"

Nick’s head jerks up. He hadn’t heard Harry coming over, but there he is, escaped from the pack that’d been surrounding him and looking at Callie with an expectant expression as though she’s actually going to answer him.

"Aieee!" she says, huge grin on her face, and kicks in Harry’s direction. Nick tries not to notice the way her splashing sends droplets of water running off Harry’s collarbones. And Christ, are those extra nipples on his chest under those ridiculous bird tattoos?

"Well, that’s lovely to hear, Miss Callie, and may I compliment you on your excellent splashing? Quite the best I’ve seen today." Harry gives her a little tickle on the soles of her feet then turns to Nick with an apologetic look and says, more quietly, "And are you alright? I’m sorry about the rubbish with the swimming nappies. I would let her come in anyway but they’re sticklers for rules, here."

"Oh, no, it’s my fault entirely," Nick says, trying to ignore the little voice in the back of his mind saying oh my god, the fit boy is talking to me! Quick, say something cool and witty. Fuck, he’s so out of practise. “I, er, was running late this morning and wasn’t very organised, as you can probably tell.” He scrubs a hand through his unwashed, unstyled hair as if to say, see? and then immediately regrets it. What the fuck is wrong with him, drawing attention to his dishevelled state?

But Harry just grins. “Mate, don’t worry about it. Anybody with a baby who manages to leave the house before midday is already doing brilliantly, if you ask me.” He leans in a bit closer, under the guise of tickling Cassie, and says, “Besides, I reckon you still look pretty good.”

Harry moves off again straight away, leaving Nick with his mouth gaping in a no-doubt utterly unattractive manner. Had Harry really just - surely he hadn’t - had he?

A few moments later Harry calls the group back together to sing some more nursery rhymes. He doesn’t pay Nick and Callie any special attention, and by the end of the half hour session Nick’s managed to convince himself that he must’ve misheard Harry - that, or perhaps being flirted with is all part of the Totswim service. Harry definitely couldn’t have meant anything by it, anyway. It was just Nick getting overexcited because he hasn’t had a shag in six months and Harry’s the fittest bloke he’s seen in ages.

 **

A side benefit of being the only man in the group is that Nick has a change room to himself after the lesson. He’s just got Callie back into her leggings and strapped into her buggy so he can get himself sorted when the door from the pool opens with a squeal and Harry comes in.

"Hiiii," he says. "You don’t mind if I interrupt, do you? Only there’s only one set of men’s and I’m in need of a shower." He’s