Get up on the slab." She pulled her fingers away from me.

I immediately did as she told me to and sat up on the slab. I needed her touch to continue. She seemed to be playing with herself, but I soon noticed a bulge protruding out from her nethers.

"What's that?" I said as my eyes widened in curiosity and fear.

"Oh this?" She moved her hand enough for me to see a cock growing from between her legs. "This my dear is going to go inside of you once I get it ready."

She continued stroking it and the thing grew to a monstrous size.

"That's never going to fit inside of me!"

"Oh I think it will go in easier than you think little bird."

She grabbed my legs and spread them as she leaned in close pressing the head of her cock against my pussy lips. She began to ease her way in as my pussy stretched to accommodate her massive cock. I moaned lewdly as the head popped in filling my tight pussy to maximum capacity. She slid her member inside of me ever so gently stretching me open. I moaned like a whore as her cock invaded further and further inside me until she slammed it down to the base. It was so huge she breached my womb cuasing me to shudder and orgasm instantly .

"See little bird I knew you could take it. You even seem to be enjoying it immensely."

She began rocking her hips causing wave after wave of pleasure the flow threw my body. She leaned over and planted a kiss on my lips. I needily began rocking my hips matching pace with hers as she fucked my tight hole. I wrapped my arms around her and began to caress her neck.
She quickened her pace pounding her large cock all the way in my needy cunt and then pulling it almost all the way out and thrusting back in again. I'd never felt such pleasure in my life and was lost in the mindless lust as I rocked my hips faster trying to quickly take all of her cock inside of me.

I felt a rising pleasure in my body and I knew I was getting close to cumming again.

"Ah I'm so close!" I whined.

"Oh really? Let's make that little cunt of yours quiver then shall we?"

She quickened her pase pounding my tight pussy which squeezed harder around her thick firm shaft. Her body rocked mine as we fucked like rabbits.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as I orgasmied around her hard cock causing my wet pussy juice to squirt all over us.

"My my you're really enjoying yourself now. Well I have another surprise for you." She pulled large shaft out of me and it began shrinking down to nothing disappearing in her velvety folds.

 

Out from her pussy a long fat tube slid out of her nethers. It had to be as long as her cock was, but far thicker. She grabbed it and began prodding my entrance with it.

"What's that?"

She began to slide the massive appendage inside of me stretching my previously virgin hole wide open. I moaned like a slut not even questioning why she had this appendage so long as it caused me pleasure.

"Why this thing is going to help me get you pregnant...well not in the traditional sense. I'm going to lay my eggs in you to breed you. You will become the mother of my new army. Together we will make so many children."

She slidd the long appendage into me until it started stretching open my womb as he cock had before. I gasped as my now loose cunt clamped down on her plush organ and my body rocked with another orgasm. I was becoming a real slut. I didn't even care if she was going to breed me and make me the mother of her many children. The prospect actually excited me. My pussy was dripping wet at the thought of her filling me with eggs.

"To answer your question. This thing," She said as she shoved her massive tube all the way inside of me. I gasped. "Is called an ovipositor. Not all demons have it; I'm special. Are you ready little bird?"

I bit my lip and nodded I was as ready as I was going to be and eagerly waiting. I felt something large begin sliding inside of me stretching me even wider than her ovipositor had.

"Haann," I gasped.

The egg pushed it's way inside stretching my whorish hole with each inch it invaded. I let out a pleasurable moan as it pushed further into me hitting my cervix and pushing inside my womb. It stretched my poor room wide as it popped in nestling deep inside of me.
Another egg was at my entrance and sliding it's way inside. It pressed apart my walls causing me to pant in delight as it made it's way inside. I wanted more. As if reading my mind before this egg had even made it's way completely inside another parted my loose lips and pushed itself inside.

"Yes...more," I gasped.

"My my little bird you have become such