, trying not to see the damaged flesh he seemed intent on revealing. Where had he learned to move with such economy and grace?

Luna looked up at him, and his expression puzzled her. There was an openness to his face she had not seen before, not even when he had laughed with her during their long London walks. His eyes were bright with emotion. She wished she knew what he was thinking.

"Severus?" she asked, then wished she hadn't and bit her lip again.

He pulled his hand away quite suddenly, and his expression went cold and neutral. "I - that was presumptuous of me. I apologize." Then he turned away, bracing his hands on the counter.

Luna had seen him do this before. His words were always of her strength and resiliency, his admiration for her work, a quiet humor at the touches of her childhood flights of fancy. He spoke to her as an equal, a woman, a witch of some skill. Yet he held himself so coldly far from her physically. He touched her seldom, and when he did it was with the most rigid decorum. She wondered now if she had dreamed every moment of warmth he had ever shown.

She had thought her scars did not matter to him. He had plenty enough of his own, after all. What to say to this infuriating apology? This man was one of the powerful wizards in Britain, an accomplished Occlumens, a subtle and gifted potions-maker. Was he truly so blind, or did he genuinely believe there was a line he could not cross here? Whatever lines there may have been Luna had erased for him months ago. Had she been wrong about everything after all?

Her skin, even the scar tissue that had no nerves to feel, burned with the knowledge of his touch. She could feel it in her hair, for Merlin's sake. Her hands curled into fists, and she shook her hair back over her face.

She watched him in silence, observing the lines of his back, the tension in his hands, the bowed head, the glimpse of pale skin at the nape of his neck where his dark hair parted over his shoulders. It was entirely possible that they could have stood like that for hours; it felt like hours.

"I don't accept," she said into that silence at last.

"I beg your pardon?" Severus asked, his shoulders tightening. He did not turn around.

"I don't accept your apology," Luna clarified. "And you're a bloody idiot for offering one in the first place."

"I have no right to take such. . . liberties, Miss Lovegood."

And back to her surname again! He made her want to throw things. "Do you need an engraved invitation?" she snarled, then turned on her heel. She walked very deliberately to the door, and paused at the threshold. "Or perhaps your first good look at the goods gave you second thoughts. Every other man I've cared about has recoiled, too, Severus."

She heard him call her name, then, but she hurried to the door, pulling her cloak from the hook without bothering with boots or robes. She cast a warming charm over her slippered feet and ran down the front steps into the streets.

The snow had stopped falling, but the day was still frigid and with each step Luna's feet sank into the drifts. She pulled the cloak tighter around her and hurried down the nearly empty road, turning the first available corner. It was not until she made her second corner that she realized her feet were carrying her in a particular direction.

She stopped in the middle of a familiar street, every breath clouding the air before her. She did not want to keep going. She could stop here, go back to the Three Broomsticks, take a room for the night and weep for the loss she felt. Or she could take a step forward, and another, and two more, and then she would be at the corner of the alley behind Greengrass Apothecary.

Luna did not remember making a decision, but quite suddenly she was there, standing on the pavement with one hand touching the brick of the Apothecary, looking down the narrow alley between the buildings.

She was lying on the cobblestones, whimpering, bleeding, dying. Luna could see it so clearly, as if she had stepped into a Pensieve. She bit her knuckle to stifle a scream as she walked halfway down the empty alley. It was not really happening. It was the past, a past she had left behind.

It had been the end of her life, her post-war life of ease and research aided by the friends who had remained close after school. It had been the end of everything she believed about herself, about the lines she would never cross, about the way she responded to fear.

Luna Lovegood had not been a killer until that evening behind the Apothecary.

It had been a beginning, too, for the Luna she had become. Perhaps it was like being able to see thestrals, but once she