that had not yet been fully explained to him, and the promise of innovation to come.

Tieria headed down the west corridor, encountered a balcony, and backtracked until he found the grey door of the maintenance closet.  The handle was tilted slightly upward.  Tieria pushed down on it, and found that it was jammed.

"Carelessness in regards to minutiae will compromise operational efficiency in the future."

How could maintenance have become this lax, over the span of a few meagre weeks?  Tieria was not impressed.  He braced himself against the floor, wrenched the handle as hard as he could, and gave the door a vigorous shove.  The hinges made a cracking, crunch-crush sort of noise.  Then the door swung open and Tieria stumbled forward.

Oh, my.

Only his hold on the door handle kept him from slipping in a pool of barrier cream and crashing down to the floor.

"Unbelievable.  What is this?"  Tiera pressed the sleeve of his cardigan to his nose.  The stench of isopropyl alcohol was almost overwhelming. "A struggle?  No, we've no indication of missing cell members, and Lockon Stratos would have reported any enemy infiltration."  At least Tieria presumed so.  On balance of probabilities.  "I don't detect any signs of blood or other human tissue."

And there would be, if there had been a fight in here. The whole room was a wreck.  A mop handle had been broken in two; its sharp edges used to gouge holes in the walls.  All of the metal shelving had overturned, twisted into ruined mesh scrap, and the floor was covered with fine shards of shattered glass.  Something had beaten dents into the body of the industrial vacuum.  The damaged lighting unit flickered forlornly on and off.

"I- I don't understand."

The words sounded hollow, just like this sad little ruin.  Tieria was starting to regret trapping the orange Haro in a closet to keep it from following him off the Ptolemaois in search of Lockon Stratos.  Speaking to a processing unit was (slightly) less psychologically questionable than talking to yourself.

Tieria reached out and touched one of the fallen shelving units, only to yank his hand back when a sharp edge bit into his finger.  Synthetic haemoglobin dripped down his knuckles to join the mess of spilled chemicals below.  The fumes were starting to blur his vision.

"Enough," he cursed.

Tieria stepped back and closed the door as best he could.  Then he left the area at a brisk pace, heading for the main console room.

It wouldn't help.  He knew it wouldn't.  Communicating with the flat outer layers of Veda, all surface and no depth, would only tighten the knot in his stomach.  But what else could Tieria do?  He'd been created as an interface between humans and computers.  This island was so empty, and his footfalls were so loud.

Tieria was ashamed of how long it had taken him to realize that he'd never been truly alone before.

***

Neil would have to thank Arturo the next time he saw him.  It had lulled him into a false sense of ease, working through Arturo's channels.  It had almost felt like being normal; no fear of passing through borders, going through customs without wondering in the back of his mind if they'd spot anything.

It was like starting over, like purgatory.

Satisfaction lingered in the tips his fingers, in the crack of bones; aching with the knowledge that purgatory was a lie.

Walking through the gates of the last airport, meeting up with his last driver, saying goodbye to the last of Arturo's men; it was a relief.  Arturo made things easy; too easy.  Arturo would expect thanks.

Lille-Sud wasn't easy.  The people were used to hardship; a dirty stain the AEU spent more time ignoring than trying to help.  The people didn't have to shun outsiders because they were never approached.

Neil would have liked to gain the trust of a local, use them for information.  The way the people leaned into each other, eyes fixed on him wherever he went, made him sure they'd have been the best witnesses.

But Neil didn't have time to gain that sort of trust.  The information he'd received hadn't been time sensitive. Necessarily.  The threat of Celestial Being sending someone after him made staying in any one place for longer than required a threat.

Which is where Louis came in.

Louis was a snitch.  Not for the cops-- for everyone else.  Neil had dealt with him before, listened to his chatter about rather facing the cops being mad at him than the underbelly of Lille.

Neil had never liked him.  People like Louis-- people who'd sell their loyalty, tenuous as it was, to the highest bidder-- made him sick.  They were the kind of people who'd kill families, ruin lives, for just a card full of money.

Made him think of himself, before Celestial Being.

"So you're back on the scene, huh, Recoil?" Louis asked, rubbing at his jeans