brought to the forefront of his thoughts by Isera. He almost did it anyway. He managed to get back up and even went to the door, but he just couldn’t muster the courage to step outside.

Returning to his bed, Terren sighed and braced himself for a bitter, lonely night plagued by nightmares.

An owl is offended.

“You keep her away from Terren or Mythal help me I will kill her,” Kitai snarled the next morning as she shouldered her travel bundle.

Why in Mythal’s name had Mihren thought it would be a good idea to bring his little lamprey of a sister to their gathering? The girl was after every young man in the clan, and Terren had only been the last to catch her fancy. She had tried with Daranil too, and when it hadn’t worked, she had turned nasty. Now she was doing the same to her brother and Kitai had been this close to seriously harm her last night. It had taken Mihren and Daranil to talk her down and convince her to let the girl go, but the thought of those insolent blue eyes throwing daggers at her made her blood boil again.

Daranil watched her, arms crossed, and slightly shook his head.

“He's a grown man, you know. He can defend himself.”

She groaned and rubbed her eyes with the heel of her hand. The sun had barely begun to rise and she wouldn't have minded a little more sleep, but what could you do?

“Not against that, he can’t! I know she’s desperate to be loved and I pity her, but she went too far this time and if she so much as looks at him funny, I—”

“Vhenan, she's a child. Besides, Terren is fine. Have you seen him this morning? He looked plenty fine to me,” Daranil interrupted, gently taking her by the arms and firmly planting his gaze in hers.


 He tried to go back outside, and then didn’t. That’s not fine. 


But Daranil was right. Whatever had happened between Terren and Danevhen last night had left her brother in a good mood this morning, and he hadn’t seemed to have any nightmares either. At least, he hadn’t come to wake her up—she would have expected him to, after what had happened with Isera.

“Fine,” she mumbled, feeling a tiny smile peeking through her frown. “I should go. Danevhen is waiting for me. We should be back tomorrow night at worst. If not, come find me,” she concluded with a wink.

He nodded seriously, then took her chin between his fingers and gently pulled her down for a kiss. “Always. Be careful, alright?”

She smiled.

“When am I not careful?”

“Oh I can think of a few times,” he replied with a fond smile, nodding her away.

***

 

“Itha?”

Kitai glanced at Danevhen. They had been traveling along the road for a little longer than an hour and had barely exchanged more than a few words. He had tried to talk to her, but she had been too sleepy and grumpy up until now to reply with anything but grunts and nods. She knew for a fact he had gone to bed after her; how could he be so cheerful?


 Come to think of it, I really don't want to know... 


“Yes, Lahalaan?” she replied much more pleasantly than before. The nickname had come naturally to her—she couldn’t help but think of Danevhen as fox-like.

Danevhen stopped short and narrowed his eyes at her, head cocked, then he smiled and looked up.

“It's the hair, isn't it?”

“There's no hiding anything from you, is there?” Kitai teased, before adding more seriously. “It's not just that, though. You're quicker than most people I know. It suits you.”

He seemed surprised by that. Not something he was used to hearing, then?

“Did you just call me  shem ?” he asked after a pause.

She grinned.

“So, why Itha?” Danevhen asked again after a moment.

“Terren’s idea of a joke. He had trouble saying my name as a child, and called me Itai. Then Itha, because I'm—” she hesitated. Bringing up her unusual dispositions always made her feel strangely vulnerable, and she hated it—but she had rarely, if ever, liked someone so quickly and so completely than she liked Danevhen, and she realized she really wanted to trust him. “Observant,” she finished.

“And so you've come up with animal associations for everyone.”

She had not expected the conversation to go in that direction and felt herself relax.

“Not everyone, but a few people, yes.”

They walked a bit more.

“Well? Don't leave me hanging!” Danevhen pressed after a few minutes.

“Patience is a valuable trait in a hunter, you know,” she teased. “Alright. Terren, dog.”

“