individual style. They all become someone different when they dance. Minseok becomes Xiumin, Yixing becomes Lay, Jongin becomes Kai and Junmyeon tries his best not to look awkward ("And that's why you're not on the dance line, Hyung.").

              Minseok laughs when Junmyeon messes up and ends up stepping on his foot. Jongin runs a hand through his hair, with the other propped on his hip as he talks to Yixing about something that Sehun can't hear from the couch. Yixing nods before he calls over for Chanyeol, and when Sehun looks in his direction, he isn't that surprised to see Chanyeol on the floor with Baekhyun sitting on his back. Chanyeol pushes Baekhyun off with a laugh that rumbles deep in his chest because Baekhyun falls on his ass, and then he makes his way over to where Yixing, Minseok, Junmyeon and Jongin are standing. He faintly hears Jongin say something along the lines of 'you should practice a little' and yeah, he should. He's not as hopeless of a dancer as he was before but he still needs help in controlling his lanky limbs.

              Chanyeol pouts slightly and Baekhyun shouts a 'yuck!' from the other side of the room. Chanyeol then turns to send him a glare. Sehun's never understood their friendship because it’s like they’re siblings and maybe that's why Chanyeol is romantically involved with Yixing and not Baekhyun.

              "But I practiced yesterday…” Chanyeol whines. “Can't I just watch and take notes?” It's no lie that Chanyeol platonically likes Jongin, but he'd do anything to get out of practice.

              Yixing speaks up. “A little practice won’t hurt, you know?”

              Chanyeol looks back and forth between Yixing and Jongin and sighs. “Fine. Just for a little bit, though.”

              Jongin nods and walks back toward the speakers, and Yixing beams up at Chanyeol with a dimpled smile that has the taller rubbing his nape. He quickly presses his lips against Yixing’s forehead and says “Only for you.”

              "You sure it wasn't because Jongin asked?" Yixing says. "I know you have a soft spot for him."

              "I have a softer spot for you."

              Something flies and crashes into Chanyeol's head and Sehun recognises it as Baekhyun's red converse. "That's disgusting. I think I just threw up in my mouth." Baekhyun then makes a gagging noise which Yixing laughs at.

              "Is that what you sound like when you're choking on Kyungsoo's dick?" Chanyeol's got a smug look on his face and Baekhyun mirrors it.

              "Maybe. But at least I'm not a pushover. You whipped bitch."

              There's a few seconds of tense silence before Chanyeol bends down and throws the shoe back at him with a grin. Baekhyun laughs and slips his shoe back on. "Sorry Xing. I meant no offence."

              "It's all good. No harm done." Yixing smiles and Sehun's eyebrows knit together because he still really doesn't get Baekhyun and Chanyeol's friendship (or with the addition of Jongdae, for that matter).

 

              Everyone's taking a break. Junmyeon and Minseok are getting drinks, Chanyeol and Yixing went to get fresh air, and Baekhyun is probably being an annoying third wheel. Sehun's sprawled out on the floor, tired, despite not doing anything productive and he's alone. Jongin left the room some time ago and hasn't returned yet.

              Sehun's got one knee bent and one stretched out with an arm covering his eyes. He's on the verge of falling asleep and he's comfortable despite lying down on the ground. Zitao was into yoga and all of that kind of girly crap and somehow always managed to drag Sehun to join him for pilates in the living room. He remembers the Chinese boy saying 'It's better for your back if you're lying closer to the ground' but since Zitao isn't around anymore, Sehun isn't as flexible as he used to be, and he kind of misses the unwind after a long day and the feeling of a yoga mat beneath his feet. He also kind of misses seeing Yifan fail in trying to touch his toes, but that's all in the past and Sehun would rather not dwell there. His breath is shallow and darkness threatens to dull his senses as he relaxes a little more.

 

              When Sehun comes to, there's noise around him. From the corners of his eyes, Sehun can see that everyone is still practicing, well Yixing and Junmyeon at least - Minseok is on his phone (probably talking to Luhan) and who knows what Chanyeol and Baekhyun are up to.

              There's fingers threading through his hair. His head is no longer on the floor, and he blinks up at tanned skin and a defined jawline. It takes a while for Sehun to realise that his head is in Jongin's lap, resting upon his thighs as the latter leans against the mirrors.

              "You're not practicing?" Sehun's