centered around this God awful pain. When it fades enough he's breathing hard his other hand fisted in pain. She’s still going though God bless her for that even so her guilt flooded him.
“We’ll be alright I promise.” 

With the remaining strength he has he turns his comms back on and is met with near chaos. Or maybe chaos isn't the right word for it “We thought you were hurt.” They were talking over each other in relief. “He’s Ok?” Lance breathed. None of them acknowledge him. “I’m ok guys,” Shiro’s voice sounds strong “how are you all holding up” The other paladins voice their minor injuries the worst of the 3 was a split lip. “Lance?” 
He’s been trying to speak up but everytime he opened his mouth he was talked over like he wasn’t even there. It’s becoming increasingly difficult to speak, whatever knocked into him probably broke his ribs. “I’m glad to hear you guys aren’t hurt but I don’t I’ll be able to fly out of here.” They don't hear him. His eyes water tears threatening to fall. There has to be a reason. As Blue slows to a stop he looks through her eyes to see the other Paladins talking. They don't have their helmets, they can't hear him. “Fuck.”

The other paladins glance at the Blue lion as she reaches them laying down with a resounding thud and jaw opening. They continue talking waiting till Lance leaves his lion but moments pass and the Blue Paladin is nowhere to be seen. “What's taking him so long?” There's a bite to Kieth’s word still smarting from the slight reprimand he received earlier. To the side Hunk slips on his headset and his face pale. Keith frowns at the abrupt change. “Why what’s wrong.” Hunk “He’s hurt” is the only answer he gives before sprinting to the Lion’s open maw. The other paladin’s follow behind him. Keith shoves on his helmet wanting to offer some comfort but Lance’s harsh breathing and he's apologising? To his family for not making it back. “Lance!”  The Red paladin can't breathe It felt like hours before he reached the cockpit. He doesn't see Lance at first only Hunk struggling with some huge machinery that must have fallen out of blue at some point. But when he takes a step he nearly slips on the blood pooling out from under it. Hunk’s head whips around tears in his eyes. “Help me!” He can't move, Lance’s arm is stuck underneath the hunk of metal and all he can do is be jostled to the side as Shiro moves to help Hunk. Pidge, he can't even see Pidge behind it but he knows she's by his side trying to keep him awake. “Princess,” Keith clears his throat. “We need a healing pod, Lance is hurt.”

He doesn't hear her reply only the creak of metal lifting off Lance’s arm, or what’s left of it. Shiro’s already taking off his shirt to make a bandage but his arm is already mangled beyond repair. They’re silent, “The healing pod can’t fix that.” She was right the journey over had caused the machine to grind against his arm leaving a bloody pulpy mess that was barely hanging on. “We have to amputate to bandage it correctly.” Shiro grits his teeth and crouches to do so but Hunk grabs his shoulder. “You can't we have to try the pod!” “We’re running out of time, He’s running out of time!”  ‘It’s his fucking arm we have to try at least!” 

~

Days had passed since they placed Lance in the healing pod. The list of injuries he had before he went in were quite extensive. Broken ribs, a concussion and a terrible laceration on his head. At some point or another the Paladins all come to see his progress and with morbid curiosity his arm. It had healed seemingly fine, the skin unblemished . So all they had left to do was wait. 

It might just be his perpetual bad luck but as the doors to the pod opens there’s nobody in the medbay. On unsteady legs he steps out of the pod. He laughs because he knows he’s not going to live this down. Only he would get hurt inside his own lion. His laughter gives way into crying as realizes he didn’t come out unscathed. Initially he thought he was ok that the numbness in his arm was just a side effect from being in the healing pod but it’s not moving. Hes clenching his fist but he can’t feel it. And that’s how the rest of the Paladins find him.  Its unsettling the way he tries to tell them he’s fine. “Call me noodle” he says through the tears swinging his limp arm.