Kevin between them. It wasn’t like that at all; he hadn’t wanted to escape Andrew, he’d wanted to escape being trapped between them. Spooning is nice in theory, but the thought of trying to redo that tonight makes Neil’s stomach turn.

He addresses Kevin instead of Andrew. “So I don’t have time to shower?”

“You don’t need to shower,” Kevin says gruffly, sounding and looking like the spitting image of his father. He steps forward, looking down at Neil, and then leans in to kiss him, completely destroying the Wymack resemblance. “You look good,” he mumbles against Neil’s lips.

“Oh,” Neil says, and kisses Kevin again, just because he can. This is still novel, and he leans into it, easily letting his lips part for Kevin. Kevin’s hands settle on his shoulders, and other hands sneak up under the shirt he’d just put on. His skin is scarred and burnt and ugly, but Andrew’s familiar touch and Kevin’s solid grip leave no room for Neil to doubt how wanted he is.

Kevin pulls away far too soon, and when he sees how much progress Andrew has made in stripping Neil, he makes a noise of disapproval and smacks Andrew’s hands away. “I am not facing Allison’s wrath,” he thunders, and Andrew reluctantly pulls Neil’s shirt back down. “Or Renee’s.”

“Why would Renee be mad that we didn’t go?” Neil asks, tilting his head. It’s mostly a ploy to get Kevin to look at his neck and consider kissing him again, and it at least partially works, since Kevin glances down at his neck.

He doesn’t move back towards Neil, instead crossing his arms. “Because I think she and Allison are going to tell us all that they’re dating today.”

Neil’s jaw drops as Andrew steps up onto his tip-toes to stare at Kevin over Neil’s shoulder. “That they’re what?”

Kevin smiles, laughing quietly. “Oh, did you two not know?” It’s a real smile, not one like the confident grin he plasters on for the press. Neil has seen this smile most often around them, and it bowls him over every time he sees it. “I think Dan is going to rob Nicky blind in the bet they’ve got going about it.”

“A bet,” Andrew sputters, and Kevin laughs again, turning on his heel and walking out of the room. Andrew darts around Neil and dashes out after him, but heads in the opposite direction as him, no doubt making a beeline for Renee’s room.

Neil is left standing alone, but he doesn’t mind. He grabs his phone from where he’d left it last night, seeing a text from Nicky and ignoring it in the same breath. He pulls on the rest of his clothing, sliding his phone into his pocket and trying to focus on material, tangible things.

He still doesn’t have a plan of action for tonight, but that doesn’t scare him the way it once would have. He hears Dan chattering away about something in the hallway, and Kevin’s genuine laugh, and Neil feels comforted enough to shelve his worries for now.

-

It’s half past ten at night, and Neil is steeling himself to go to bed.

Kevin and Andrew are making out, and Neil feels like a voyeuristic third wheel as he watches them from the reclining dorm room chair. The flimsy excuse of reading a book that he’d used when they’d first asked him to come to bed is quickly falling to pieces, since he can’t take his eyes off of them.

Andrew’s on top, because for Andrew’s sake, he usually needs to be— especially with Kevin. He’s made himself a comfortable seat out of Kevin’s lap, and is straddling him and sucking his soul out through his lips. Andrew moans something against Kevin’s mouth and Kevin replies with a low growl. Neil sees him grab Andrew’s ass a little harder, and watches Andrew tilt his head to get a better angle, and Neil wants to join the two of them so badly he can’t breathe.

He forces himself to stay seated, because if he moves towards the bed then he’ll have to join them when they eventually fall asleep. And if he doesn’t want to be the middle spoon then he’ll have to answer questions about why not. And since he can’t even place where his sudden claustrophobia and anxiety surrounding snuggling of all things began, he won’t even know what to say. And he’ll be utterly speechless and look like an idiot, and Andrew and Kevin will give up on him and just curl around each other like they had last night and his reason for fighting and his reason for staying will end up with each other and exclude him.

Neil doesn’t realize his head is