bad it is for you?” “Do I look like I give a shit?” Silence, and then, “Pass me some.”) and shrugs one shoulder. “Awrighf,” He spits out around a mouthful of food, crumbs flying.

Niall wishes he could rewind and repeat the smile that almost crack’s Zayn’s face in half.



And maybe photoshop Perrie out of the picture, but Niall’s never been good with computers so he walks past them and throws himself down on the sofa, ignoring the pain in his throat that makes his pizza hard to swallow and the air hard to breathe.

 



*****

 

It gets harder.

Niall tries to be happy for Zayn, because seeing him smile and brighten up whenever her caller ID flashed on his phone should make Niall happy too. All he ever wanted was for Zayn to be happy. And for a while he believes his own bluff.

But then it’s Christmas eve and Zayn stumbles into their flat at 10:30pm (“Just going out for a meal and drink with Perrie. I’ll be back in an hour or two.” Swallow. “Alright.”) and his eyes are glassy in the way they always are when he’s had over six beers (Niall’s counted) and his cheeks are flushed, and she is latched onto his arm, giggling into his chest.

“Hey, Niall.” Zayn says and puts Perrie down on the sofa.

“Alright, mate?”

“Perrie’s gonna stay tonight. I thought we could all spend Christmas together. That’ll be fucking amazing, yeah?” Zayn’s looking at him hopefully and Niall nods.

“Yeah,” Standing, he walks towards the kitchen. “You want two’s?” He asked, rolling a joint on the kitchen counter and looking over at Zayn.

He shakes his head softly. “Nah, Perrie hates it when I smoke that shit. And- uh, can you not do it in here? She hates the smell.” His gaze turns to Perrie who’s fallen asleep on the sofa and he smiles gently. 

That’s when Niall feels it. The first nudge, pushing him the first centimetre over the line between love and hate. Swallowing thickly, he grabs the lighter out of the draw and walks towards the door of the flat. “Alright.”

Standing outside, he inhales the poison of the joint and thinks he can maybe feel his heart blackening like the toxins blacken his lungs.

And it’s not even Perrie he’s started to hate.



It’s Zayn.



*****

 

Three months on, Niall can’t even bare to be in the same room as the pair. He makes up any excuse to get out of hanging out with them, and for a while they let him.

Niall seems to forget that Zayn is his best friend though, and that he knows Niall better than anyone. When they’re alone one night, playing Fifa and Niall is winning (“You owe me a fiver you little fucker.”), Zayn pauses the game.

“Zayn, what the fu-”

Zayn cuts him off. “Niall, what the fuck is up with you lately when it comes to me and Perrie?”

Oh, so it’s like that.

Niall swallows and frowns. “What do you mean?” (He knows exactly what he means)

“Leaving whenever we come within a fucking mile of you, making up the shittest excuses I’ve ever heard. “I have this book I need to read for a class thing.” Really, Niall? I’m not fucking stupid. Do you have a problem with her or me, because, well, I really don’t want you to have. You mean a fucking lot to me, Niall, and I want you to approve of the girl I love.” 

Niall isn’t sure whether to focus on the ‘you mean a lot to me’, or the ‘the girl I love’. “Oh, uh, I just don’t want to intrude. I mean, you don’t want me around whenever you’re both here. It’s shit being a third wheel, mate.” He laughs to try lighten the conversation but Zayn just looks at him with those fucking pleading puppy eyes and Niall has to look away before he does something stupid.

“You’re never a third wheel, Niall. You never will be.” Zayn sighs quietly, running his hand through his hair in the way Niall knows he does when he’s frustrated. “Do- do you mind Perrie?” 

Niall looks back over at him and it’d be so easy to say “well yeah because I’m a bit in love with you” but Zayn’s searching for approval and acceptance and Niall would never deny him anything that he wanted. “Nah, she’s good.” He says, nodding and Zayn smiles.

He leans over and rests his head in the crook of Niall’s neck, breathing in his scent. “Thanks, Ni.”

His heart hitches but then freezes over a little more because it’s not fucking fair that he