begins to pace, tries not to talk, tries to wait and not beg and he keeps stroking his cock as he walks. It's not helping, it's not enough, he's biting his lip and something has to give.

"Tony," Bruce says, and the mirror turns into a window. Tony's eyes lock onto Bruce's face. He is blushing, but his expression is serious, deadly serious. Tony's heart sinks, but Bruce goes on. "It's possible you'll...die, if I don't come in there."

Oh, thank god.

"Then get in here already," Tony says, coming closer to the glass, touching it, wishing he could touch Bruce already.

"You asked for me," Bruce says. "Even with the risk of the...other guy?"

"I trust you," Tony says without hesitation, pressing his palm to the glass, trying to focus, hips beginning to gyrate. He slides his hand off of his cock and back, cupping his balls, breathes. "God, Bruce, please. Please."

Bruce meets his eyes, and whatever resistance he'd been working on visibly crumples. "Okay," he says, getting up from the desk. "Wait for me."

As if Tony would do anything else - he nods, quick, wishes he could break the glass so he could just drag Bruce through.

The wait as Bruce goes from the observation room to the door and through is achingly long, enough time for Tony to get back to the bed, to throw his gown off and get back into bed. He shifts uncomfortably, waiting, just waiting, trying to find a comfortable position and hyperaware of how he’ll look to Bruce through the window. Without really realizing it, he slips two fingers into his mouth, slicking them with his tongue. The burn when he works into himself is good, but it could be so much better if Bruce -

The door slides open.

"Say you have lube," Tony says, spreading his legs, deliberately putting himself on display, watching how Bruce's pupils dilate - there's green, there. Green bleeding into the brown, Tony doesn't know if Bruce knows that's happening, isn't going to tell him because like hell is he going to let the Hulk cockblock him now.

Bruce comes closer, unbuttoning his shirt as he does, dropping yellow fabric on the white floor, but Tony's focus is on the expanse of Bruce's skin, is on the pounding beat of his pulse, is on how close Bruce is now, practically leaning over him, holding his face with big blunt fingers that Tony tries to lick.

Bruce doesn't let him, holds his head steady as he kisses him. Tony whines into his mouth, hips jerking as he pulls his finger free, grabs at Bruce's sides and skitters his fingers over skin, and he needs more, more more -

"Fuck me," he says as Bruce breaks the kiss, feels more than hears Bruce's 'no' against his lips. "No?"

Bruce leans further back, fumbles with his pants, puts a tube of lube in Tony's hand, followed by a condom. Oh. Oh.

"It's safer this way," Bruce says after a pause, before he begins to undo his belt. His eyes are still green, but his hands are steady and Tony's not even paying attention, fumbling with the lube himself, eager to get himself into Bruce.

The condom rolls on easy, and he's so  ready to just grab Bruce and push in, but Bruce catches his hands, forces him to slow down and actually use the opened lube.

"Fingers first," Bruce says, and okay, okay okay okay, this is perfect. He can do whatever Bruce wants as long as it leads to more contact, as long as hell yes he gets to put his fingers into Bruce and open him up and watch Bruce's face as he does it, gets to listen to Bruce hold back moans, and does that count as proof that Bruce's control is slipping? Should he be worried?

He decides not to worry up until Bruce actually starts turning green all over and uses more lube, presses a second finger in next to his first and groans as a sudden wave of heat rolls through him, obliterating his control. He shakes with need, thrusting his fingers in and out, and the moans coming from Bruce’s mouth? Better than a pornstar's.

"Tony - Tony, nng, you need to slow down - "

It's hard to even realize those are words, harder still to parse what they mean, and he gives up about the same time Bruce reaches under himself and pulls Tony's hand out. Even his denial is the hottest thing Tony's ever seen, because as red as Bruce looks, as needy as his little moans sound, he's in control when Tony's coming apart in his hands, desperate