out of dodge, David's bad enough but psycho cult leader Daniel is way too much for her.

Having made his announcement David excused himself to the showers to get cleaned up for the evening.

A short time later Max hears David over the loudspeaker. “Hey, Max would you come to my office please.”

Getting up in a grumpy huff Max leaves Neil and Nikki, sighing deeply. “I'll be back, I wonder what his dumbass wants.”

Entering David's cabin, Max observes that it is in disarray, things are knocked over and clear speckles of blood are on the walls, the door slams behind him. “Hello Max.” Daniel says, coldly from behind.

“What the hell happened here, where's David?” Max yells.

“Oh he was in my way, I had to dispose of him.”

Fear courses through Max's veins, what was Daniel going to do to him? Suddenly Daniel grabs Max quickly overpowering him putting him underneath his arm. Max tries to struggle and get free but he is no match for the stronger man.

Running out the door with Max in tow. Max tries to make as big of scene as possible kicking and screaming, cursing and swearing. Daniel cups Max's mouth while simultaneously pinching his nose cutting off his air supply until he quit struggling, falling unconscious

Everyone watches helplessly as Gwen tries to intercept Daniel but he is too fast even with Max’s dead weight, hopping into David's car he steals it. Speeding off his kidnapping successful. At some point he finds and steals another vehicle to remain undetected by the authorities, transferring Max into the backseat he binds his hands and feet together.

Grand reveal.

I'm I'm trying to decide how to wrap this up in the third chapter any suggestions ;) ;)


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Hitting a pothole, jarring the car, Max stirs awake, panic ensues realizing the situation he's in. Max struggles to get himself to a sitting position being bound by zip ties. “Daniel you fucking psychopath! Let me go and I won't tell anyone which way you went.” Max attempts to bargain.

Pulling over to the side of the desolate road Daniel begins to chuckle. “I thought you knew me better than that,” Taking out his contacts David turns around. “Watch the language mister, here.” David tosses Mr. Honey nut to Max.

Max stared into his big green eyes with complete shock and disbelief knowing that it is indeed David, who just bleached his hair.

“But Daniel, you said he escaped prison!?” Max contests, highly confused.

“He did with my help.”

“Why?”

“So I could have a scapegoat, I remember it all like it was this morning, because it was.”


Flashback….


David knew he could manipulate Daniel with the taste of freedom and the idea of revenge was to tantalizing to give up. So he breaks Daniel out and after dropping him off at Camp Campbell, he runs him over with his car and gives his head a few good bashes with the shovel for good measure before dragging the body to a pre dug grave, burying him.

Having heard the announcement of the escaped prisoner on the car radio he knows he could raise red flags at the camp now.

After giving his emergency meeting speech to get everybody on high alert about Daniel, who is six feet under now, David then bleaches his hair in the shower house, putting in his colored contacts and wears the clothes to play the part.

He then sneaks back to his office from the shower house. He turns everything over making it look like there was a struggle between Daniel and himself going as far as to take a syringe drawing his blood and spreading it on the walls to make it convincing. Then he just needed to call Max on the intercom and lie in wait. Knowing Max would put up a fight David made sure everybody saw “Daniel” kidnapping Max.


Flashback over.


“And that's it, so people think Daniel killed me allowing me to kidnap you.”

“But why, the police are still going to be looking for me?” commented Max.

“That's true but they're going to be looking for the wrong person who kidnapped you which means I can do things undetected and because I love you Max.”

“Holy fuck, that's genius, you're an evil disgusting pedo psychopath but you're a goddamn genius.” Max is just beside himself he can't help but applaud David masterminding such a well thought-out scheme. While the other side of him is freaking out, panicking and hoping that David doesn't kill him too.

How graphic should i go for the third chapter?

David really loves Max.

Help me tag this, please?


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

David unbuckles his seatbelt, he got out of the car onto the old dirt road, that is literally in the middle of nowhere. He opens up the back door, drooling at the bond boy before him. He sees nothing but fear and dread