“Not just that,” Allura answered, eyes locked on the map with satisfaction, “but we know when they’re going to go after something so important that they’ve been visiting on a regular basis for thousands of years.”

“And if we can stop that…” Hunk couldn’t hold back the grin.

“…then maybe we can actually hurt them.” A slightly vicious smile crossed Shiro’s face and was echoed by everyone in the room. 

For the first time in weeks, they all allowed themselves to feel something like hope.

I'm apparently incapable of writing one story at a time. A lot of this is written, so I figured what the hell? 

I also refuse to believe Lance is an idiot. A large part of my PhD dissertation involved bioinformatics and I adore data patterns, but this is it for the data pattern portion of this fic. I promise. It's kind of all downhill emotionally from here.

Things progress...

I couldn't help myself with the chapter summary. Today sucks and I can't concentrate on work, so I decided to work on this instead for a bit, because who needs to get paid? That also means that this chapter hasn't been extensively proofread, so I'm sorry?


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

It had taken most of a week, but they finally had a plan that seemed solid. Now all they needed to do was wait.

Elixo, the first planet on the “Galra hit list” as Lance had taken to calling it, wasn’t home to any sentient species. It had probably been a beautiful place once, with dark violet skies over jagged mountain ranges that towered above fields and forests. The vegetation tended towards shades of aqua blue and the water filling the rivers, lakes, and oceans was tinged with pink, but otherwise he could have been standing on primeval Earth.

It would have been peaceful if the cracks in the façade didn’t show.

Keith leaned back against Red and looked out towards the mountains. There was life here. From where he was standing he could see birds of some sort circling above trees in the forest in the distance and there was movement out on the plains that was probably one of the herds of animals that looked like Dr. Moreau had crossed a moose and a squirrel, who were running in the ever-widening circles they seemed to favor. 

But underneath that life there were definitely cracks, like vegetation just barely covering the scars of strip mining he’d seen once in the mountains when he was a kid. Whatever the Galra were harvesting on such a regular basis was taking a toll.

And then there was the other half of the problem, the one that was keeping them all up at night. There was no sentient life here that they’d stumbled across, and they’d been looking. Almost frantically for the last two days. So how the hell was there a distress beacon at all, much less one that was activated and then turned back off on a regular basis?

Pidge thought she’d managed to pinpoint the beacon’s location in the mountain range in the distance, but the location was approximate since the signal was currently silent and something was interfering with their tracking gear. Hunk and Pidge were currently scanning from Yellow because Hunk’s lion was the best equipped for this kind of thing and apparently had tools that no one had known existed until they’d appeared under Hunk’s fingers on a routine fly by.

Keith was pretty sure that one of these days they really needed to take the time to search their lions and figure out what other surprises were waiting that could be useful outside of life and death situations, but there never seemed to be time.  

The castle was currently hidden two planets away from their current location on an ice world inside an asteroid belt. Allura and Coran thought the interference would help cloak their presence from the Galra while leaving them close enough to act as back up if need be. Shiro and Lance were both there now, ready to move but staying behind so as not to leave the castle defenseless. Keith was supposed to be patrolling, but he and Red had been at it all day and right now he just kind of needed a break. He needed wide open spaces and air he could breathe and heat on his skin. The need had caught him off guard, but it was there all the same. So here he was, watching the horizon, which was a gratifying distance away, and listening through his com link as Red continuously scanned every channel for any incoming signal. It was boring work, and it was starting to wear after a solid week of nothing. Even the anxiety generated by the possibility of a trap had started to fade with time, because seriously, they could only stay keyed up and on high alert for so long when nothing was happening. The need for action was becoming an almost solid itch under his skin, and he could feel grumbling agreement from his lion through their link. So this break was necessary and he was not slacking off, regardless of what the ever