it even begins if you keep that up."

He had meant it as a joke, but when he said that he owed Bruce sex he inadvertently triggered memories that made his stomach drop and left him feeling very uncomfortable.  Bruce, who had been about to comply with Tony's request, noticed a change in his face and froze.

"Tony, do you want me to stop?" he asked gently.

He shook his head vigorously, that thought even more terrifying than the nausea-producing remembrances flashing in front of his eyes.  He had no right to ask Bruce to stop when things were this far along.

"Just give me a minute," he managed to choke out.

He felt incredibly guilty asking Bruce to wait, especially when he had been trying so hard to make the evening special, but he knew if he let Bruce continue his discomfort would show on his face.  Given how observant Bruce had proven to be, there was no way he wouldn't notice.  And given the physicist's self-depreciating outlook, he would blame himself.  

Tony shook his head with his eyes screwed shut, trying to banish the memories.  They were not welcome, and he mentally told them so.  Still, they persisted.

Tony could feel Bruce's eyes on him, his concern growing as Tony continued to lay there for nearly fifteen minutes.  He tried using the breathing exercises Bruce had taught him for dealing with the panic attacks that he had had in the months after the Battle of New York, and that seemed to work, but it did little for Bruce's worry.  He was about to ask Tony if he was okay when Tony opened his eyes and met Bruce's gaze with clear eyes.

"Okay.  I'm ready," he stated.

"Are you sure?" Bruce asked cautiously.

Tony nodded and said, "Come on Bruce, I need that gorgeous dick of yours inside me."

Still unsure that Tony was really okay, he continued slowly, but soon they were both caught up in the moment again.  He set a steady pace, stroking Tony in time with his thrusts, and soon they both came with each other's names on their lips.

"Well, it looks like you delivered on your promise of hot anniversary sex," Bruce whispered as he gathered Tony in his arms after they cleaned up.

Tony sunk into the embrace and beamed.

Tony's relationship with Josh hadn't lasted long.  A few months in he had decided he was tired of being second to Tony's job and ended it.  After that Tony had gone back to casual sex.  It was far easier than trying to maintain a relationship with the odd schedule that he kept.

Brad had been one of his conquests.  He had intended for there to be nothing more between them than a one night stand, but somehow things developed into a long-term relationship.  In what seemed like the blink of an eye they were celebrating their first anniversary.

Tony had commemorated the occasion with dinner at one of the fanciest restaurants in town, ridiculously expensive champagne, and a box of the highest quality imported chocolates money could buy.  The celebration went late into the night, the champagne flowing and both of them getting more than a little tipsy.

Drunk, exhausted, and realizing he had a board meeting early the next morning, Tony had tried to end the evening after dinner by dropping Brad at his door and bidding him good night with a quick peck on the cheek.

"It's our anniversary," Brad said, leveling Tony with an angry stare.

"I know.  That's what dinner, and the champagne, and the chocolates were about," Tony stated slightly defensively.  

He couldn't understand why Brad would be upset.  He hadn't forgotten their anniversary.  In fact, he felt that he had done a pretty good job of putting together a lavish celebration.

"You can't turn in early on our anniversary.  It's rude.  You owe me anniversary sex.  That's not the type of thing you can skip," he explained testily.

Tony fell silent.  He had never celebrated an anniversary before, so he really didn't know whether or not that was an expectation.  Still, he figured if it meant that much to Brad he wasn't really in a position to say no, so he followed him to the bedroom.

Tony 'celebrated' the first anniversary he had every marked with a partner with some of the worst sex of his life.  Tony really had no desire to have sex in the first place, and Brad was angry and far from careful as he drove into him repeatedly with aggressive thrusts.  When it was finally over, Tony lay there feeling used and sore, wondering how he was going to make it through the meeting in the morning sleep-deprived and unable to sit without being in pain.

"I missed you," Bruce cooed as met Tony at the door and drew him into his arms for a quick kiss.

He helped him carry in his luggage, and then ushered him to the couch where they quickly entangled themselves.   Tony had spent the last