and Robin and he couldn’t wait to see her reaction. He had cleared it with Bruce (but would have given it to her regardless because seriously, it was time for her to open her eyes and for him to gain another person to talk about both worlds with) and now was going to pull her to the side, wait for her to finish her bite of cake (hopefully making the noises she made the first time she tasted Alfred cake).

When he entered the main room again, the scrapbook wrapped up nicely with red paper and a green bow. He was about to call out to his archer when he caught the tail end of the conversation she was engaged in. “…and this was really hard for the both of us to decide but we thought it best if we weren’t an active part of the team while we’re away at Stanford.” The book slipped through his fingers and landed soundly on the floor. In the short time it took for it to hit the ground, Dick’s facade of calm and slightly conniving dropped as well. For once, his shock shone through. He was not aware of this. Not at all. We? What is this we? He stepped all of the way into the room and saw Artemis with Wally’s arm around her and his jacket around her shoulders. He saw her lean on him for moral support with that look on her face, the one she always got when she thought she wasn’t sure if she had done something wrong or right. His eyes went over those four things another time, arm, jacket, side, face and then once more. Oh. Sometimes he forgot that his best friends were dating each other. They’re leaving? Without letting him know?

He picked the gift up from where it had fallen on the ground, deciding that later he would leave it on her pillow in her apartment. Dick left without a word or a piece of cake. He wasn’t feeling hungry anymore. He’d talk to Bruce (also later, when he calmed down) about giving the two of them scholarships if he hasn’t already done so. It would be their going away gift from the bat-fam. He wished that his best friend would be happy with her decision. Who knew? Maybe he’d be able to make some more memories outside of the team and outside the school.

He doubted it though.

——————————————————————————————

When Artemis got home that night, after she finally pried Wally and a sniffling M’gann off of her, she was feeling strangely content. The bomb-dropping had went surprisingly well. Most were surprised but everyone had come to accept their decision. And why wouldn’t they? There was no way to make everyone happy and this was the best option when taking the rest of their lives into consideration.

She hummed to a vaguely familiar song as she checked in with her mom and got ready for bed. She untangled her long hair (Wally had gotten a little carried away with the goodbye kiss) and did a mental checklist for the day.

Managed not to trip while crossing the stage at graduation in the heels her mom conned her into wearing? Check. Return of everything Gotham Academy? Good riddance. Destruction of everything else Gotham Academy that she owned (except the uniform which Wally begged her to keep, that pervert)? Executed to perfection with Dick, the little brat who somehow had access to most things fire related.

Bette had even come back to see her graduate, as would they both would when Babs and Dick graduated the next year. The girls had went for one last milkshake and chatted about Artemis’ move to Palo Alto and about what Babs was to do without either one of her “big sisters” there. There was a suggestion involving Dick but it was laughed off. All in all, the day could be deemed a success. Robin would have been proud of her. She most definitely got ‘traught.

Wait. Robin.

She had completely forgotten about him. In the whirlwind of bomb-dropping, attention she still wasn’t quite used to, and various feelings of accomplishment (she survived the intense prep school, left the team not in a body bag, managed not to upset M’gann too much, etc.), she had gone and forgotten the Boy Wonder. She wondered what kind of friend that made her as she jogged back to her bedroom. Getting her cellphone (a reluctantly-accepted gift from Grayson) out of her pocket and staring at it, she considered calling him up for a late night apology/celebratory vigilante romp around the city when she noticed something flash in the corner of her eye. She was reaching for her crossbow, ready to defend herself against the idiot that decided to invade her when she realized that there was no threat, only a package. She glanced around surreptitiously, looking for any witnesses to eliminate, feeling more than slightly embarrassed. She found none, but didn’t doubt that Robin didn’t somehow know about it, as he always seemed to (something he most definitely learned from Batman. Wait, did