of her dress to lift upwards. Mika laughed at his reaction but Yuu ignored it

“How did you even get up there?” Yuu asked as he looked to where she was previously seated.

“I climbed,” Mika stated.

“I… I don’t even want to know.” Yuu shook his head.

“Wait here for a second. I’m going to get something for today’s adventure!” Mika exclaimed before walking into the house.

He was slightly relived to know that Mika wasn’t randomly sitting on people’s roofs. He stepped back a bit and studied the architecture of the house. It was nothing grand like his house. Yuu tried to imagine a family of four like his living in the wooden structure. He scoffed at the thought of his father and step-mother living in such a place. They probably won’t even survive two days.

“And we’re set!” Mika announced excitedly with a basket in hand. “We’re going for a picnic!”

~ The Choices We Made ~

Yuu started to question if Mika was trying to lead him to a secluded area and kill him as they had been walking in the woods for quite some time.

“Do you know where you’re going?” Yuu asked instead.

“Don’t worry! I’ve been here a million times!” Mika insisted as they trekked further. Yuu was slightly convinced that they were lost. But soon he saw sunlight peering through the densely packed forest, which was colder and darker without the natural light. “This is it!”

Yuu couldn’t help by admire the field of flowers that was glowing in the light of day. Different colours blended with the tall grass. But the colours most prominent in the field was blue, purple and yellow.

“This is my secret place. I don’t think anyone’s found it since I’m always alone when I come here,” Mika said, breaking him out of his state of awe.

“Should you be sharing it with me?” Yuu asked and Mika smiled brightly.

“That’s what friends do, isn’t it?” Mika asked and Yuu found himself blushing lightly.

Yuu helped the blonde set up the picnic, though he was clumsier with the task. The picnics he went to were in his garden where everything had been set up by the servants. Doing it himself proved to be a little more difficult than he expected. But being able to hear Mika’s laughter every time he made a blunder was worth it.

Yuu had to agree that food tasted better after having done work. Setting up a picnic sounded easy until you do it yourself under the burning sun. The sweet tangy lemonade was like a reward when they finally settled down on the cloth blanket.

“You know Amane-chan, I really enjoyed the times we spent together.” Yuu stopped his daydreaming and turned to Mika while still chewing the bite of sandwich he had in his mouth.

“That’s a bit sudden,” Yuu lightly joked. “But thank you. I enjoyed exploring the city with you too.”

“You’re the only other person I think is worth calling my friend.” Yuu could feel his face heat up when he stared into Mika’s crystal blue eyes. She looked so genuine that he could hear his heartbeat louder and louder, reminding him of his oh-so-slight crush on the blonde.

“You’re pretty cool yourself,” Yuu mumbled before finishing off his sandwich. Mika only laughed in response.

“Do you sometimes, I don’t know, find yourself wishing you were someone else? Wishing that you were born into a different family? We would probably be leading pretty different lives right now. We might not even have met if that were the case.” Yuu looked at Mika. She looked so pretty as she stared out into the distance, the gentle breeze causing her hair to sway slightly. She looked completely relaxed when she turned to look at Yuu. “Do you?”

Yuu turned away quickly, embarrassed to be caught staring at her. But there was no laugh or giggle following her statement so he assumed that she didn’t catch on.

“I don’t feel like I should complain,” Yuu admitted truthfully as he stared at his lap. “I was lucky to be born into luxury, not having to worry about my next meal. I’m part of those few that can go to school and learn more about this world while my sister stays at home to be taught how to be a good housewife.”

“Life isn’t fair,” Mika responded. “We become what adults tell us to do before we become adults ourselves. And it’s just a vicious cycle that repeats until someone decides to break it.”

“How about you? How do you feel about the life you live?” Yuu asked. He didn’t know what sparked such a deep conversation between the two of them, but he liked being able to freely speak his thoughts without worries.

“Me?” Mika scoffed. “It’s not like I ever have a say