mess. Their clothes were still on, though Baek's shirt had been lifted enough that Minseok could deposit tiny love bites through his chest. Minseok's neck wasn't in a much better situation, all red and wet.

The reason for stopping (besides the human need for oxygen) was that Baekhyun was barely able to keep his eyes open, combining a long day's work, a considerable amount of alcohol and the fact that it was approaching 3 am now. So the younger boy rested his head on Minseok's lap, falling into a fast sleep right away. The older one didn't give it much thought, leaning on the wall and joining Baekhyun in dreamland.

 

***

 

He woke up to a small hand shaking his shoulders and a familiar voice saying "Hyung, wake up!". Opening his eyes, Minseok found an extremely bright world and a smiling Kim Jongdae. He did not know which one was shining more.

"Jongdae? What's up? Why am I... sitting alone in the balcony?" His head felt like it was stuffed with cotton and had been hit by a brick at the same time. And he was sure his breath was stinking more than rotten fish. Exactly how you want to appear in front of your most recent crush.

"Do you remember anything about last night, to begin with? Perhaps how those happened?" Jongdae handed him a pocket mirror now, allowing Minseok to take a look at the damage in his neck. It was filled with pink, round spots, the consequence of sucking in sensitive skin. His makeup artist would have a lot of extra work to do on the next days of promotion.

"...Gosh."

"That's all you have to say?" The younger boy laughed, putting the mirror back in his pocket, "Well, at least that's more than what I've gotten from Baekhyun. That one gave me a look that screamed 'don't ask' and locked himself in his room after getting a bottle of water from the refrigerator. Actually, that's how we realized you should be out here. We figured you had just left early to get some coffee. Hangover is not a state you're usually found in."

Something- Someone's existence just entered Minseok's mind again.

" Baekhyun."

"That's a really elaborate way of putting it."

"Fuck." Minseok buried his head into his arms, trying to shut out the world for a second. He had fucked up big time. Or had he? The truth was the details of last night weren't perfectly clear, and he would need to have a long talk with Baekhyun. "I guess I really need to talk to him."

"He's in his room. He doesn't answer anyone, but I have a felling he'll let you in."

 

***

 

"Hey, it's me." Minseok spoke softly, knocking on the door of Baekhyun's bedroom. These days, he shared it with Chanyeol, who seemed to have slept over at Kyungsoo's room. "Can I come in?"

"Yeah. Close the door behind you."

Minseok entered the room, finding a very hung over Baekhyun lying on his bed, with his arm on top of his eyes. The only light in the room came through the curtain, creating a pleasant atmosphere.

"Hey." Baekhyun spoke, without moving an inch, "Rumor has it I've drunk the whole stock of soju in the house. If you're wondering how that's like, let me enlighten you: it feels like shit."

"I figured." Minseok chuckled, happy that the younger boy, however moody, was still making jokes. "It actually wasn't that much. Kyungsoo and Chanyeol definitely outdrank any of us last night."

"It'd sure be nice to REMEMBER, wouldn't it?"

"Hah." Adopting a more serious tone, Minseok asked the question that was on his mind since he'd looked at his neck on the mirror."So... How much do you remember about last night?"

Hearing that, Baekhyun sat on the bed. The look in his eyes already answered Minseok's question clearly.

"I think I remember enough, hyung." His red hair was ruffled, falling messily on top of his forehead. He looked adorable, and it contrasted greatly with the earnestness of his words. "And even if I didn't, the marks on my chest would've answered for me."

Minseok unconsciously brought his hand to his neck, where pink marks of his own were displayed.

"Well, what are we going to do now?" He felt uneasy, unsure of what he'd like to hear. "I mean, if you want to pretend it didn't happen, I'm okay with it."

"I don't really know." Baekhyun messed his hair even more, running his hands through the red-colored strands. The splitting headache wasn't much help to the confusion going on his mind. "Do you?"

"Actually