s been out for ages. Castiel will think you’re a poser, he’ll hate you, like everybody else. Stop lying to yourself.

Dean tried to ignore it.

Castiel smiled wide, though. “Same here. I have yet to see the final movie, too.”

“You wanna see it with me?” Dean spoke without thinking, his mouth moving without his permission. What was he talking about? He never left the house if he could help it. He bit his lip, a sinking feeling weighing down in his chest but Castiel didn’t seem to notice. He leaned forwards.

“I would love to.” 

Dean blew out a small puff of air, looking at him nervously. Castiel smiled reassuringly, taking his lunch out of his bag and setting it on the table too. 

“When are you free?” he asked, taking a bite out of his own sandwich a moment later. Dean shrugged, rubbing his nose as he looked around the room.

“Anytime, really. You decide on a date and I’ll let you know.”

“Is tonight any good?”

Dean’s eyes snapped back to the boy with blue eyes, surprised. He was staring at him innocently, smiling so calmly still. Dean shrugged again, awkwardly beginning to fiddle with anything he could get his hands on. In this case it was the little plastic bag his mother had put his sandwich in. 

“I guess…? I’ll have to check with my Mom, but… I don’t see why not.”

Castiel’s grin spread wide across his face, reaching his eyes and making them sparkle. He quickly finished his mouthful of food, flushing a little pink as he nearly started talking without swallowing. “That’s great! Thank you, Dean.”

Dean smiled a little, rubbing the back of his head sheepishly. The smile came easier this time. “It’s, uh, it’s no problem.”

Castiel nodded in response, going back to his food without another word. Dean had half expected him to pack everything up and leave - the nagging voice in his head was already trying to tell him this was a setup, a joke, some kind of sick prank to give him a friend again and rip him away and Castiel was just going to sit with his ex-friends and high five them all as they congratulated him on surviving Dean’s presence - but Castiel stayed right where he was. Dean didn’t move for a couple of seconds, watching him suspiciously, but he gestured at Dean’s food as if to say go ahead, I don’t mind, please continue. Dean held his gaze for a moment, but upon realising that Castiel was never going to be beaten in a staring contest, he looked back down to his food and returned to picking at it.

The rest of Dean’s lunch break was spent, like usual, in silence. However, this time there was the important difference of another person there. The silence wasn’t lonely today; it was companionable, comfortable. Castiel, once having finished his lunch, took out a book and began reading after flashing a small smile at a very bewildered Dean. He had no idea why he was staying when he could read that book literally anywhere and with anyone, but he didn’t dare open his mouth and ruin it.

When the bell had rung to signify the end of lunch, Castiel had packed away his book, stood up and stretched.

“Shall we meet at the cinema at eight? I think there’s a viewing at ten past.”

Dean nodded, hugging his bag to his chest. That time was fine by him, but it might be a little late in the eyes of a parent. “What if my Mom says no?”

Castiel smiled. “Do you want my number? You can text me if you can’t make it, and we’ll rearrange another day.”

Again, Dean found himself nodding without really consciously doing so, holding out his hand so he could write his number on the back of it. Castiel then waved goodbye, heading off to class and leaving Dean standing alone again.



———————————————————————-

Dean’s nerves about his outing that evening had only increased as the day went on, but that was nothing compared to the sudden build-up when he saw his father’s car in the driveway. He froze where he stood on the pavement, fear taking root deep within in his chest and spreading its gnarled branches throughout the rest of his shaking body. Mary must have seen him from the window as he stopped because now she was calling him from their front door, a smile on her face so fake it belonged on a clown.



When it became clear that Dean was not moving, Mary stepped out and hurried over to him, looking around anxiously as if the neighbours were watching events unfold. She hugged herself as she stood in front of him, the wind knotting her unbrushed hair and wafting her over-sized jumper around her slim frame. “Come inside, Dean,” she said softly, reaching out to take