promise of death? A stealth assassin in the seconds he had his back turned? A virus slowly but surely boiling in his masters veins until this very moment where its existence was made known by excruciating pain. Regardless, the pain seemed to be stemming from his masters hands, and if there was any chance to save this man then Genos was going to take it. He forcefully grabbed Saitama’s hands and drew them apart, hoping to inspect the damage for himself, ignoring his masters pained protests though they struck him straight to his heart.“Please sensei let me see what’s wrong with you I m m..ight be a..able to save you” Genos hitched while large drops of oil fell down his face. “G...genos” Saitama said while tears fell down his face to match geno’s.

Genos steeled his emotions away with a force of will and looked down at the shaking hands clasped in his metal ones. He looked. He blinked. He looked up at Saitama’s tear stained face. He looked back at the hand.  Nestled at the skin between thumb and forefinger lay a miniscule paper cut. As he looked, a small bead of blood swelled slowly, and Saitama whimpered. “This is it Genos, after everything, my love of discount shopping has been the death of me”. Saitama then fell back, laying on the floor with a pitiful moan, hand clasped close to his chest. Genos felt his eye twitch. Without another word, he stood up and headed to the medicine cabinet, ignoring Saitama’s indignant cries at him for leaving when Saitama was clearly on his death bed.Genos walked into the small bathroom and received a med kit he was given by his doctor in case of any incidents involving other people. “GENOS PLEASE DON’T LEAVE ME YOU’RE THE ONLY PERSON WHO LOVES MEEEEEE” Genos let out a bit of steam after hearing that but let it slide since his sensei is most likely delusional with feeling pain for the first time in three years. “Don’t worry sensei I have a way to cure you” Genos said with a smile across his face as he walked over to his sensei.

“Death is the only answer,” Saitama said morbidly, one arm thrown across his face. Genos knelt down and took out an antiseptic wipe and a plain beige plaster. While Saitama complained about his ultimate demise and a cruel end to such a short life, Genos quickly sterilised and covered the wound. He tapped Saitama on the forehead to pull him out of his reverie. “I think you’ll pull through, sensei,” he said with a hint of a smile. Saitama lifted his hand and inspected his students work. “It’s a little bland,” he said petulantly. His vision was obscured for a moment by Genos holding the pamphlet of coupons in front of him. “The supermarket has a discount on children’s plasters until midnight tonight master.”“WHAT ARE WE DOING JUST STANDING AROUND THEN” Genos jumped back at the sudden enthusiasm from his teacher “COMON GENOS WE GOTTA GO” Saitama was already at the front door as Genos mentally groaned “but sensei this supermarket is located in City D it would take too much time to arrive their on such short notice and well…..” “Huh what’s wrong Genos” Saitama asked noticing that Genos was realising steam from his shoulders.

Genos gestured to Saitama attire. He was caught off guard by his master grabbing him and forcefully shoving him out the door, before grabbing his hand and rushing down the complex towards the street. “This is a life or death matter Genos! Our fashion priorities come second!” Genos stared at the back of his master’s head, the warmth of the injured hand clasped in his guiding him down the street past shocked onlookers. He sped up his steps until his strides matched his masters, hands held between them.

Saitama and Genos walk to the supermarket

Hi again this was meant to be a one-shot but since people enjoyed it i made another chapter ☆.。.:*・°☆.i also didn't have my sis to help me out with this chapter so sorry its not the best, its also pretty short but I hope you enjoy ☆.。.:*・°☆.(❁´▽`❁)*✲ﾟ*

They continued down the street hands still clasped between the two of them .Genos knew he should be paying attention to Saitama since he could give clues to the secret behind his power at any second but he couldn’t help it, all the words he was saying sounding blurry in his head! “OH MY GOD he’s still holding my hand, why hasn’t he let go?” Genos mentally screamed to himself.

“Anyway like I was saying me and king were playing this video game and I totally … Hey are you even listening?” Saitama asked looking directly at Genos, waving his right hand in front of his face. “Ah um… yes you and king were um …reading manga?” Genos said wondering if that’s what he was talking about. “C’mon dude you’ve been zoning out ever since we left the apartment what’s wrong?”“Well… um” Genos said with hesitation not wanting