nodded, but didn’t reply as he brought the coffee pot and two mugs to the table.

Inara waited while he poured, then pushed a folded piece of paper across the table to him. Mal slipped it into his pocket without reading it.

“I know you don’t… like the core worlds, but I think a stop at Ariel might be a good place to start.”

“We have a job to finish first.”

“I mean after that.”

“After that we’re going to Persephone.”

Inara was immediately suspicious. “Why Persephone?”

“It’s past time to mend fences.”

“No.”

“Excuse me?”

“You’re going to give him those names, aren’t you?”

“That’s none of your—”

“Don’t you dare finish that sentence.”

“There’s a way these things are done.”

“And I wouldn’t know that—”

“Not being a ‘petty criminal’?”

“The whole point is the money. Why would you cut him in on this?”

“Because if we make contact through Badger, I can keep your name out of this.”

“These are my contacts. I don’t want my name kept out of this.”

“That ain’t your decision.”

She bristled. “You don’t need to protect me, Mal. I know these men, and I trust their discretion. I wouldn’t be giving you their names if I didn’t.”

She could see that hit land.

“This ain’t up for debate. We need Badger. And now we have something to offer worth his lookin’ at.”

“I see.” Inara stood; two cups of lukewarm coffee shivered with the force of it. “This was never about me at all.”

** **

Inara was tired of storming back into her shuttle. She was tired of throwing Mal out of it. She was tired of the grey walls, of the inside of the ship and of the fact that there was nowhere to hide. That there was no damned way to get off.

She had the irresistible urge to smash something, but all of her delicates were still packed away and the battered tin cup that was standing in for her tea set just wasn’t going to cut it.

She turned slowly to stare at her trunks where they were standing in for table and bench, actually debating for a moment getting the teapot out just to smash it.

She crossed to the trunk, knelt, opened it. An array of bright colours, delicate fabrics. This was her life, her other, her Companion self. Packed neatly in a box. And for a little while, she had thought it might just be that easy. Put aside the clothes and the cosmetics, the silks and the perfumes, get her hands a little dirty and step into a whole new life.

But she had made a choice, long ago, long before she was old enough to really understand what it meant. And that choice had consequences that could never be undone.

The teapot got a reprieve, but Inara began methodically pulling out dresses and drapery.

The contact names she had given Mal would take them to a respectable world sooner or later.

** **

Mal looked up and felt like he’d been kicked. Inara was coming down the cargo bay stairs in one of her fancy silk dresses, hair and makeup immaculate. He realised in that moment how long it had been since he had seen her done up like that. Was surprised at the surge of anger it raised in him now.

He watched her whole descent, face like stone. She was carrying a valise. So much for her leave of absence.

Mal opened his mouth as she reached him at the bottom of the stairs, not entirely sure what he was about to say.

“’Nara, you comin’?” Jayne was standing in the mule, impatient. Kaylee and Zoe were already aboard and strapping in. “Ain’t got all day.”

Inara brushed past Mal, handed up her valise and climbed up next to it. Zoe took them out in a cloud of dust.

Past time to sweep out the cargo bay, was the only coherent thought Mal could come up with.

** **

Inara placed the sheaf of bills on the table in front of Mal and waited.

Disappointment. Anger. Betrayal. He could feel his stomach churning. He looked up into her face… and his acid remarks died on his tongue. The defiant tilt of her head, the set of her mouth. She was spoiling for a fight.

A sneaking suspicion crept through his mind.

“What’d’you sell?”

Her mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out. She shook her head and dropped down into the chair opposite him.

“Some soft furnishings. A few dresses. Nothing I can’t replace eventually. How did you know?”

Mal grinned, feeling unreasonably smug.

“I’m the Captain. It’s my job.”

** **

And yet.

For another night, Mal sat in the kitchen, alone with the coffeepot.

He flipped a