thanks. No, im fine i will just come back later, thanks anyway. ok i'll tell him you stoped by,and Zayn?  Yes, Harry?  I hope you feel better. Zayn walked away with thoughts of why he could see why Louis loved Harry he was sweet and kind and sexy all in one, he also could see why he himself hated him because of that. He was suppose to be perfect for louis. 


 



I, come out from the box i won't say i'm sorry


 

It was in late August when Zayn found Liam, they were both sitting all alone at the bar and Zayn was looking for a good lay and the fit brunette with the muscels and the adorable puppy face but still looked like he had a dick out to kill was good enough for him because he walked up to him and said i like your puppy face and i want to suck your dick. Now that was not what he meant to say but puppy boy looks pretty satisfied. Whats your name? Zayn,Yours?  Liam and thanks i guess for the flattering greeting. Hey! i'm not like this on a daily basis. And how do i know this? I don't know guess you'll just have to get to know me first. Now you could say he was flirting but Liam was cute and he really wanted to suck this guys dick so bad or get his dick sucked either is fine with him. OK,well how about for tonight we be strangers but tomorrow morning i take you to breakfast?  To Zayn this was a pretty good offer but thats probably just the vodka and brokeness speaking. Ok. So they did, and fell in love.

 


We in the nuclear seasons, in the shelter i survived this road


 

It was Liam and Zayn's third annvisary that Liam finally popped the question which also happened to be two days before the unimaginable happened. He WHAT?! He cheated ok don't make me keep saying it! Lou,im so sorry i thought you two were going to last forever. No he didn't. Me too...im sorry im crying so much and im ruining your celebration i should just go. No, louis your fine your just hurting and your not ruining anything Harry is a jerk and your an angel and im sorry that you have to go though this. He really wasn't, but no one else had to know.

 


We in the nuclear seasons, summer lovin' in the backseat gone


 It was three months into Zayn's marriage to Liam that he found out about Louis' new girlfriend. He was overwhelemed with jealousy, and should a married man really be feeling that about his best friend? Maybe not but he just didn't want to be replaced or anything.Liar. When he found out it was when he accidently walked in on them unannouced he must say he has never been able to get the images out of his head. Eleanor was her name, he didn't really like her since she was able to touch Louis and he wasn't and whoa this dude just got of a relationship 2 months ago and he has already found someone else. And maybe Zayn thought way to many times about how he could easily break it off with Liam and just leaveand be happy...with Louis.

 


Now im facing this on my own cause you tasted the blast and it shook your bones



 


It was three years into his marriage that he finally relized maybe he wasnt truely happy with Liam or happy at all rather, but then he is not being completely honest because Liam does make him happy, he's cute, caring,and GREAT in bed but maybe thats not what Zayn wants but more of what he needs because you see Zayn likes a boy that can break a couple hearts but Liam never breaks his heart they haven't been in a fight since they were fighting over who was going to pay for their first date and that was nearly six years ago. Zayn thinks that three is just a really bad number for them.he also thinks they should get a divorce but they're ok or at least they will be.

 


Im a warrior all alone, in a field of lies,I won't go home



 


Zayn wasn't sure what he was thinking when he  went to the bar after him and Liam fought for the first time in seven years and got so pissed drunk that he ened up cheating on his puppy with an irish blond with the pale skin and weird name what was it Neil? Niall? Nell? He doesn't know and he honestly doesn't care.  But all he knows is that he needs to tell Liam before its to late.

 


Cause i, did't burn my skin in the blaze of glory


 

It Zayn and Liam's final day of being married and zayn couldnt be more diappointed in himself one for cheating and in Liam for letting this esculate so far. That night when zayn cheated he didn't even have to tell Liam because its like Liam could sense it and he was barely though the door when Liam started shooting rapid fire questions at him about where he was