? English again? I don't wanna... My head'll start hurting...'

'It's my head that will hurt. Just come.'

Naki follows. Maybe Yamamura's got problems with some stuff too, if his head hurts.

'Where're we going?' he asks, and then when he sees they're walking out the door: 'What if someone sees?'

'Try not to call attention to yourself.'

They walk in silence. It's kind of cold, the sun's about to set, but the sky's orange. Looks nice. There's a park around here too, maybe Yamamura wants to go play, Naki's pretty good at the see saw. They're couple of corners away from the building when Yamamura grabs his sleeve.

'We're here,' he says and points.

'What's this?'

'A flower shop—it says right there—A flower shop. They sell flowers.'

'I ain't lendin ya money. I got none.'

And he gives Naki that look again. Yeah, it's sad.

'Look,' he says. 'Do you know this flower?'

'S'a rose,' Naki says, proudly. Of course he knows, what a stupid question. Tsuchiyama really just seems more smarter than he really is.

'Red roses mean love.'

Naki looks at the flower trying to see what Tsuchiyama sees. But he can't read so even if he could see them he wouldn't understand any of the words that're supposed to be on the flowers.

'I can't read,' he splains.

'You don't need to. I'm telling you. Sundrops,' he points to Naki's flower, 'mean desperate. Red roses mean love.'

Ah, Naki thinks he gets it.

'I think I get it,' he says then, of course. 'Like how a heart means love, too, huh? Yamori taught me that!'

'We,' Tsuchiyama says.

'Not you, just Yamori.' Tsuchiyama really is ego—ego—selfish.

'Um. Well. This is a tulip,' he points to another flower.

'A ha.'

'If it's yellow it means fame. If it's red it means good bye.'

'Oh! And this one?'

'That's a camellia. It's love. Or bad luck.'

'Huh? Which one?'

'Both.'

'What's that?'

'It's love and bad luck.'

'Oh.' Naki gets it. A bad love. He crouches so his face is on the same level as the flowers. Tsuchimura stands next to him. He smells like flowers, but he always smells like flowers. Now he smells more like that.

'Daff and dills mean death. Christmas mean respect. Carnage mean trust. And these ones are called Gardens, they mean loyalty.'

Naki nods, touching the leaves and the petals. He can't see any words but at least he gets what Tsuchimura said.

'Did you understand, Mess Ye Naki?'

'Yeah!' Naki smiles up at him. 'Thanks for teaching me, Tsuchiyama!'

Tsuchiyama looks surprised, or something. He covers his mouth with his hand. He does this sometimes, sometimes when he talks to Naki and sometimes when he talks to Kaneki. Sometimes he looks like he's distracted, after he does this. Like he was sad but he didn't know it. Maybe he's lonely. But being lonely's so terrible Naki hopes it isn't that cos that's a really terrible thing. Naki's been lonely himself and it's awful. Tsuchiyama's a good guy, he shouldn't feel that way.

'It's Tsuchiyama,' he says after a while, but he's already turned away from Naki, is walking back to the building.

'I know that! Hey!' Naki jogs up to him. 'That was easy! Ya can teach me more English if ya want. Not now though, learnt too much today.'

Tsuchiyama smiles in that way he smiles sometimes, like he made a sort of line with his lips, Naki thinks. A small smile. And he nods. But he ain't looking at Naki so maybe he didn't nod and Naki only thought he did.

 

 

 

He really is grateful so he spends the next two days thinking about it. There ain't a lot to do, just wait for when they gotta all wear the suits so he thinks it over and he thinks it's a great idea, that he's had.

 

 

 

'Yamada!' Naki comes into the room, running. 'Look! This is what humans call “surprise”!'

Yamada turns away from the hanging suit he's smoothing out and looks at Naki.

'”Surprise”?' he sees the flowers on Naki's hands.

'Yeah! Yamori taught me about it. It would be boring without it, yeah?'

'Ah, I see