’d ever get used to it, but the feeling as the pressure subsided was...fantastic. 



However, that feeling had only lasted so long before the darkness spread over him again. He wandered his way to the bedroom and tumbled back into bed, pulled the covers over himself and lay there, staring into the wall.



Periodically Dean would check in on him, Cas answered when spoken to but didn’t make any efforts to socialize. The wallpaper and the shadows cast by the bedside lamp was the only thing he payed any attention to, and when Dean came and forced him to eat because “You’re human now, you need it” he did as he was told. 



Food was a pleasant experience, he had to admit, but it had consequences; having to get up to use the bathroom.



For days this continued, until Dean on day seven forced him to get up.



“You need to take a shower, sunshine, ‘cause let me tell you, you don't exactly smell like roses” he tried to sound perky and upbeat but the worry shone through.



He helped his friend up from the bed, and with his hand on Cas’ back he guided him along the corridor towards the bathroom. Turning the last corner, they ran into Sam who looked dismayed by the angel’s appearance, the unshaved face, the greasy hair, the wrinkly t-shirt,  all adding up to a rather dire sight. 



Sam wrinkled his nose “What’s that smell?”



Cas met Sam’s eyes as he took a deep breath. “Me” he sighed “I believe that what you’re smelling is me”  he took a whiff in the area of his armpit and nodded, “definitely me”



“Yeah, I thought it was time for our dear friend here to get to know how a shower works”  



Cas squinted at Dean and sighed as he looked down at his feet. He didn’t really feel like learning new things,what he wanted was his wings back, his grace, this human thing was really tiring.



Dean followed Cas into the bathroom, told him to get undressed and placed him under the hot running water. He told him how to shampoo his hair and helped him scrub his back. Cas enjoyed this part of being a human. Showering wasn’t such a horrible thing, maybe he could get used to this?


 


****


 


Dean hated to see him like this, beaten, down, like nothing was ever going to make him happy again. Of course, Castiel normally didn’t have the most upbeat personality but this, this was just heartbreaking. A shower would hopefully help a bit on the way, and aiding him he saw a slight difference, a small light in his eyes. Dean felt cautiously optimistic when he saw the angel close his eyes as he let the hot water run over his face. He looked calm, almost like the water was washing away his past days trouble and Dean watched, lost in the moment. He finally came to his senses when Castiel asked about the conditioner “was it really something he needed to use and where was it supposed to be used”








****


 


Cas was handed a towel and shown  to the high chair Dean had brought in.



“Sit down, I’ll help you shave”



He drew the razor effortlessly through the forest of his beard, grazing the contours of his jaw while Cas adapted to his every move. Sitting there, Dean standing between his knees, feeling his hand on his face he couldn’t help but glancing up at the man. His green eyes focused, brows slightly frowned.




“He is beautiful” 

 He thought to himself watching Dean bite his lower lip in concentration, deep creases between furrowed brows.



“Aaand, I’m done!” Dean leaned back to admire his work. 



Cas stood up, just to find himself so close to Dean he could feel his breath against his naked cheek when he exhaled. Cas eyes lingered on Dean’s lips as he leaned in and gave him a kiss. 



For a split second he panicked. 



“

What was he doing?” 

  then he felt Dean’s hands trailing up his bare arms and relaxed just a little. The response from Dean made Cas’ heart beat so hard he could feel it pounding against his rib cage.



Kisses intensifying, hands exploring the other man’s body,  panting breaths, silent moaning the surreal feeling of being the only two people in the world.




Knock knock




“Hi, guys i need the bathroom” Dean and Cas were jolted back to reality with brutal force, staring at each other, wide smiles on their faces. 



Dean cleared his throat. 



“Yeah, we’re just about done, he’s had an ‘extreme makeover -Bunker edition’” handing Cas his clothes he opened the door, Sam leaning against the opposing wall, towel and clean clothes folded in his arms.



Both Cas and Dean tried to look  indifferent to what had happened between them. They didn't dare to meet the others eyes and Cas quickly excused himself, pointing at the clothes he hadn't yet put on.