for a six year old but not by too much and had freckles that must have passed by Sam in the Winchester genes. Sam thought she was absolutely perfect from the first day he had seen her in her mother's tired arms. 

"I don't think that's best.  He might have a heart attack or shoot you.  I know that the angel DNA would help you heal faster than normal but I'd rather not see my princess hurt at all okay? I think it's best we just talk to him normally.  You sit here on the bed and I'll explain everything. Then I want to get Cas here to double check that you're still warded and safe from detection." he told her tugging gently on a lock of her hair as he sat up and pressed a kiss to her cheek.

It didn't take long after that before Dean finally came back with two bags of Chinese take out freezing at the sight of the girl occupying Sam's bed before looking at his brother.  "Uh... Who's the girl? Is everything okay Sammy?"  he asked setting the bags on the table not liking the look Sam had nor the next words to leave his little brother's mouth. 

"Sit down Dean. We need to talk." Sam said seriously reaching over and squeezing the little girl's hand while waiting for Dean to do as he asked before continuing. "Dean,  this is my daughter and your niece,  Deanna. I'm sure you've seen how nervous I've been the last few days and it's because...  Because after Gabriel died at the hotel I had no clue where she was or how to get to her. But yesterday she called me and...  She's staying with us from now on.  She has no where else to go." Sam explained and Dean had to take a few seconds to make sure he had heard his brother right. 

"Hold on now! Are you saying that you... That you have had a daughter...  And known about it for a few years and I'm only meeting her now? How could you hide something like that from me? And what does Gabriel have to do with this?" Dean asked sure he wasn't going to like the answer.  He was more surprised when the girl, Deanna, answered him instead of Sam. 

"He was my momma.  I've been living with him since I was a baby and daddy would visit us between hunts and bring me little presents and stuff.  Please don't yell.  I don't like yelling." She told him curling up close to Sam and hiding her face in his shirt to hide the tears thinking about Gabriel too much caused her. She could hardly believe he was actually gone and she already missed him terribly. 

Dean's gaze softened when he realized she was crying but this wasn't something he could just let go. Sam had a daughter and not only that it was with the trickster? How was that possible? Why would Sam even consider sleeping with the guy? Was he ever going to tell him if Gabriel hadn't died? There was too much that he didn't know but at the same time he didn't want to further upset the obviously grieving little girl by saying something bad about her now deceased mother figure. Sam could clearly read the questions in Dean's eyes it seemed because he whispered something in Deanna's ear and she headed to the bathroom. 

"I wanted to tell you Dean but it was never a good time and I know how much you hated Gabriel. It was...  I was drunk and you were in hell and things just happened between us.  But then Ruby showed up and I chose her over Gabriel like the dumb ass I am.  I had no clue he was pregnant until after Ruby was dead and Lucifer  was free. Gabe gave me a second chance and allowed me to see her.  You were already so angry at me and I didn't want you to hate me or hate her because of me so I didn't say anything.  And it's just been a rollercoaster since then. But I really love her and she's a great kid. Please,  please forgive me and give her a chance." Sam begged and Dean rubbed his face looking back at the little girl once she returned form the bathroom where she had cleaned up the redness the tears had caused on her face the best she could. 

Dean finally let out a long sigh and nodded. "I guess I have no choice. She's family after all.  But you will tell me how Gabriel gave birth to a baby while in a male vessel.  Because I have to hear that one." Dean finally caved though he and Sam would discuss things further later. He didn't want to do it then or in front of his niece. "So squirt, tell me about yourself.  Are you okay with Chinese food? You can have Sam's extra chicken." he said smiling at her and Deanna lit up obviously having been afraid of what he