what she looks like?" The maid asked but before he could produce his excuses, a cry from the inside and a,

"MARION!!! Get in here!"

sent the girl off with a gasp from her lips, Voldemort already forgotten. Since she left the door open, like any dark lord worth his salt, Voldemort took advanatage by slipping inside.

Brushing a bit of snow off, Voldemort strolled the halls of his old home. He didn't wish to see his mother actually give birth to him - killer of hundreds though he was, there are just some things a man didn't wish to see - but as always things are in life, timing is everything. The cacophany quieted as he drew near though it had a new note of a baby crying. That noise soon silenced as he stepped into the makeshift birthing room.

Merope, exhausted and slowly falling into the crips of death, held her son close, stroking his cheek as he suckled from a bottle. "Tom, after his father and Marvolo after mine." She was saying, her eyes going half lidded in a prelude to closing.

"Thank you."

The women startled at his quiet words, finally seeing him at the door. Merope's muddy blue eyes went wide even as they started to glaze over in death.

"T-tom..."

She reached out a hand, trembling before it fell. She was gone.

There was a moment of silence until Tom's soft whimper pulled them out of the moment. While the other maids rushed over to take care of the new orphan, Ms. Cole, unafraid and stupider than Voldemort remembered her, planted herself in front of him with a suspicious yet unwary look in her eye.

"Who are you?" She demended, ignoring the maid who was trying, quite unsuccessfully to feed the now squalling infant.

"I am Tom's father, Tom Riddle...well Senior now. I came here to find my wife but it looks like I have only my son," Voldemort sighed and rubbed the back of his head. "It was such a stupid fight." he muttered loud enough that Ms Cold could hear but soft enough that she would think he meant to keep it to himself.

A decade with Tom would have kept Ms. Cole suspicious and bitter but this younger version softened and nodded, calling the matron who held Tom over and transferring the baby over to him. He didn't think he was ever this fragile or treated with such care but then, ones memories of such times fade as they grow older.

A bit of paperwork, some condolences and reassurance that he could handle a newborn, they were off into the night.

Once they were far enough away, Voldemort cast a warming charm on them both, removing the ratty blankets they had given him for Tom. The newborn looked at him with far more focus than a child only a few hours old should have. Voldemort chuckled.

"Well Tom, why don't we get out of this wretched place and cause havoc elsewhere?"

He withdrew the modified Time Turner, silver instead of the usual gold and with a few twists in time, they were gone.

Harry couldn't help but be annoyed by all the foot traffic. Why did so many people have to make an appearance after the death of his parents?

First Snape comes in, sobs over his dead mother's body and leaves his baby self crying in the crib, still bleeding.

'Why they thought this man would work well with children is bloody beyond me...'

He doesn't have too much vitriol for the potions master but really, there was very little stopping him from hexing him at the next given opportunity. Harry made side note to do that when he had the chance. 

Then Sirius comes in. At least he comforts the baby and stops the bleeding, though he is sobbing a bit himself. Harry watches with a bit of a heavy heart as Sirius whispers to baby Harry promises to protect as he carefully presses the infant's face to his shoulder so he won't see the corpse of his parents as he heads downstairs. A bit of a late gesture shine Harry already saw his mum but appreciated nonetheless. Sadness turns to rage and he hands Harry off to Hagrid to go chase down Peter.

'Oh for fucks sake.'

Promises mean nothing in the face of revenge apparently. 

But this was the easy part. Hagrid takes a remarkable amount of care to strap Baby Harry into the sidecar of the motorcycle but he didn't quite plan on someone riding alongside on a broom, invisible and snatching the infant away.

'Like taking candy from a baby...literally.'

Harry looks down at his still peacefully sleeping baby self, knowing that in a bit, Hagrid will be bawling, thinking he had dropped 'The Boy Who Lived'.

Depending on Dumbledore's level of paranoia, and that's pretty damn high, the old wizard could definitively tell the groundskeeper that Harry was still alive. Him figuring out

who had actually done it, however was low. Senile though Albus was, Harry severely doubted he could figure out that an older version of Harry had