was so not getting away from Misha after all.


-


Upon entering the cafeteria, Misha kept his arm around the younger actor and directed themselves to a corner table, away from the crowd.

They both sat down, Jensen avoided Misha's gaze and looked down at his hands on the table, finding a sudden interest in the way his fingernails looked.

The older actor was by no means a fool, he could sense there was tension between him and Jensen.

Both of them sat for a few moments before Misha finally dared to ask, "Uhm... Jensen?" The younger actor perked up at the mention of his name. Glad that he got Jensen's attention, he continued, "Is everything okay? Between me and you?" He asked in a slightly high pitch, unsure if the question was needed. "We're okay, right?" He asked again, desperately wishing that the answer was positive.

Jensen stared at the older actor longer than what was socially acceptable. He was... not stunned by the question. No, the question was not even in his mind the moment he looked up at Misha. He was mesmerised by those blue eyes.

Those damned blue eyes.

They kept him up at night. They made him question his own self-worth. They made him get up earlier to go to work, to go to him.

Him.

Misha. Misha.

"Misha..." Jensen blurted out, his own voice snapping back to reality. Misha squinted his eyes for a second. Jensen shook his head slightly, "Ah... I'm sorry, what were you saying?" He asked.

Dejected, Misha was sure the younger actor somehow disliked him since he was not even paying attention at all. But, he wanted to get a burning question off his chest. He needed to. He needed to know. "Why uh, did you ignore me just now? When we were talking about the necklace?" He dared himself to ask. "Are we okay? You and me? 'Cause it seemed like you were so impatient and wan-"

"Misha." Jensen started, cutting off the older actor's sentence. He knew that if he'd let Misha continue, the older actor would have talked on and on, rambling randomly and drifting off topic because that's just how he is. "We're okay." Jensen said, unwilling to explain but yet, his heart wished 'Please ask more.'

Please.

"Oh." Misha replied, stunned at the abrupt interruption and the apparent avoidance on Jensen's part. It was obvious that Jensen did not want to talk about it right now. Maybe not ever.

But he was not gonna let it go just yet.

"You uh, didn't answer my question, Jensen." Misha stated matter-o-factly.

Jensen sighed and lowered his head once more before looking up into those piercing blue eyes again. "I..." Jensen looked around and signaled to the crowd, "Can we not talk about this here?"

Misha nodded. The older male sensed that emotions were running high, they would not want to risk any movements that might make its way onto the internet.

Misha stood up and signaled for Jensen to do the same, "Let's go to my room." He stated unemotionally, not leaving any opportunities for a rebuttal.


-


Both actors went into the hotel room and Misha closed the door behind him. Jensen immediately went to sit on the king-sized bed, needing support for his weak knees at the apparent confrontation, head hanging low with his arms resting on his thighs.

It wasn't that Misha was frightening him. No, it wasn't that. He just could not stand the thought of being in the same room with the man who is trying to save the world. In contrast, who was he?

The love of his life and the spark of his dreams was standing right infront of him and yet, the beauty was so out of reach. Jensen's heart wrenched at the thought. That was why he needed to get off the stage. That was why he grew so impatient nearing the end. That was why he wanted to get home. To his wife. To Danneel.

Yes, he has a wife waiting for him at home. How could he still think of Misha in that light?

Jensen covered his face with his palms unknowingly, succumbing to the incoherent thoughts that were flooding through his mind. Misha took a few steps towards the younger actor, bent down and rested his hands on Jensen's shoulders. The older male decided that he'd let Jensen sort himself out. If he wanted to talk, he would.

Jensen's breathe jumped a little when he felt the warm hands on his shoulders. Instinctively, he stood up abruptly and gave Misha a full hug.

"ah." Misha was a little shocked but returned the hug with a smile. Shortly after, he felt his shoulders getting wet.

Jensen was weeping.

The two stayed in that position for what seemed like eternity, Jensen would tighten his grip around Misha every time his crying