with eyes that keep looking at him like that, so blue and full of wonder—

“No.” Zayn replies bluntly. Something flutters briefly in his stomach. He ignores it.

“Then why?”

“Drop it, would you?” Zayn snaps. He stands up and begins to walk away. “Why are you so curious and nosey all the time?”

“Not gonna get answers if I don’t ask questions, am I?” Louis points out. Zayn wants to strangle him again. “Besides, as I said, we might be here for a while, so, why not get to know each other?”

“Don’t wanna know you.” Zayn says.

He knows he’s being harsh; he’s not usually like this. But in order to make this guy shut up, make him not know Zayn’s identity or try and push harder to ‘get to know him’ then he has to be firm, doesn’t he?

The boy exhales dramatically, eyes wide. “Wow.” He holds up his hands up defensively, like a form of surrender. “If you’re gonna be like that, then—“

“Don’t take it personally.” Zayn tells him, taking off his gloves, getting sick of the sweaty feeling. You can’t tell a person by their hands, right? No, you can’t, that’s what Liam said. “Just don’t want you knowing who I am.”

“No, no, I totally get that.” Louis says, sincerely. He eyes off Zayn taking off his gloves. “You know, when we get found... They’re gonna automatically know that you are one of the burglars, right? I mean, with all that get-up, like.”

Zayn remains silent. He sits with his back against the pile of money and brings his legs up but not entirely up to his chest, hanging his arms over his knees with his head down. The sky outside is grey; nothing but dark clouds and the sound of rain is still slightly being heard, pouring down over the roof. Zayn wonders if he’ll be in here long enough to see the sun set and the moon rise.

☯

Minutes pass. The boy’s resorted to counting the money. He’s opposite of Zayn on the other side of the room, counting the money that’s piled on top of each other. It would take him years to count it all.

The rain still pours but it must be humid outside—it’s fucking hot. Zayn looks down at his outfit, black shoes, black socks, black jeans, a baggy black jumper, and his itchy cotton mask. He knows he has other clothes on underneath, but.

He glances over at the boy, already given up on counting. He’s using two wads as spaceships—or something, flying at one another and screaming softly as one of them falls down to the ground.

Zayn catches himself smiling the tiniest bit, and stops immediately.

He keeps his eyes on his shoes.

The boy lets out a frustrated groan. Out of the corner of Zayn’s eye, he sees the boy slumped against the wall, legs sprawled out and his arms lying on either side of him.

“This is so boring.” He complains, huffing out a sigh.

“God, I couldn’t imagine spending all that time tied up with you.” Zayn says, imagining how bored he got in such a little room, a lot like this one.

“Hey,” The boy says a little defensive. He sits up properly and looks at him. “I believe that Niall and Harry liked me a lot, thank you very much.”

“Well, then, I’m glad.” Zayn tells him unenthusiastically.

“Why are you so edgy towards me?” The boy suddenly asks. There was no preparation, no sign of his change in mood or anything, just –bam, there it is. “Like, especially towards me, from the moment you first spoke to me, you were like... cold as anything.”

Zayn remembers first seeing him, flashing the torchlight to see the three of them. He saw the brunette on the left avoiding eye contact, scared as hell. Saw the blond one looking at him with such fear and anticipation, like Zayn was some serial killer. Then, he saw Louis, without a show of fear at all.


“You all good?” Zayn asks, expecting the same answer he’s gotten from every other trio he’s asked. He knows he probably shouldn’t believe any of them, for all he knows they could be lying, but judging by the way each and every face look at him like he’s terrifying—he thinks they know better than to try and escape. 



This trio all nod in response. He thought  so. 



Then, “You better check us, though.”



The voice comes from the middle one. He looks at Zayn expectantly, challenging, almost. Zayn shines the flashlight on him, blue eyes staring right back at