black marble grave, those foreign words I know so well carved and embossed in bright gold.

 


“Everyone, let’s put an end to this.”



                Shinou was gone, which meant the seals on the soushu were close to breaking. My fiancé—my husband and always my king, Yuuri looked more regal than ever in his determination.



                “Let’s destroy all the Boxes.” A pause. He met my eyes head-on. “Let’s destroy the Keys.”



 


“Did Greta come by earlier?”

                There is another bundle of flowers next to mine and Conrad’s. White lilies, which Yuuri once mentioned sounded a lot like his name.

                “In the morning, but she couldn’t stay long.” Conrad looks at me quietly. “She wishes she could have seen you.”

                “I’ll go see her one of these days.” But both of us know it is getting harder and harder every year. Back when Yuuri and I first adopted a human girl as our daughter, we never thought that it would hurt us so much to watch her age before our eyes like this.

                Hurt me. My eyes.

                “Yuuri, you wimp. How could you leave me behind to take on the entire burden like this?”

 


Conrad’s arm was the first to go. It disintegrated, starting from the fingers and ending at the shoulders, leaving not a trace behind. It surely hurt, but afterwards he simply held his stump and looked at us in despair.



                As the ‘End of the Earth’ glowed brightly, and Gwendal covered the left side of his face with his large hand, Yuuri looked at me with a sad, sad smile.



                “Stop looking at me like that.” I took his hand in mine, lacing our fingers tightly. “Wherever you go, I’m going with you.”



                A tear ran down his cheek, even as he smiled so brightly it hurt to watch. “Thank you, Wolf.”



                The pain was like a fist around my heart. The moment my Box started glowing, ice began to envelop my body, starting from Yuuri’s touch.



                I hate how fast it took away his warmth.



 


When I woke up, he was gone.

                I shouldn’t have woken up. I should have gone with him.

                But even as I said that, even as I screamed that, I knew inside that it was impossible. Even if my heart was taken, my soul couldn’t reach where Yuuri’s has gone.

                Yuuri’s was gone.

                I shouldn’t have lived. I didn’t want to. But Yuuri wanted me to.

                “Be glad one of the previous owners of my soul was a doctor.” Murata never once smiled after Yuuri left.

                I find myself staring at Conrad’s empty sleeve. Gwen is still wearing an eyepatch, even though Anissina is experimenting with prosthetics. And me—

                I clutch my chest tightly.

                “Wolf! What’s wrong, does it hurt?”

                In the corner of my eye, I see Conrad panicking, and Josak calming him down with a shake of his head. He knows what I need now is quiet. Quiet enough to see hear my heartbeat.

                I received Yuuri’s heart.

                It’s not fair. Why am I the only one to get a replacement? Wasn’t this the sacrifice we all agreed to make? Why am I the only to get off?

                No one had ever seen anything like this in Shin Makoku, so everyone is always paranoid whenever I show any sign of pain. I feel like yelling at them sometimes—what the hell are you worried about? Yuuri’s heart is so goddamn healthy. Of course it is, he lived the healthiest lifestyle of anyone I have ever seen.

                But Yuuri, why bother so much? What’s the point of such a healthy body if you died before you could even use it?

                What’s the point if you don’t even leave us a body to mourn?

 


“You know, I wanted to follow Shibuya. I really did.”



                Murata looked at him, in his coffin of glass, like Günter and Gurrier before him. But unlike them, he really, truly, wasn’t going to wake up.



                “Now that that man is gone, the curse on my soul has lifted. After I die, the next person born won’t remember anything. So I thought, why don’t I  end it all right now?



                “But then I remembered my family back on Earth, Murata Ken’s family. And I remembered that the Shibuya family needed someone to bring him back to them.”



 


It was something we soldiers are more than used to. But just that time, we had to hand the duty over to Murata, merely an advisor who never had to fight at the frontlines.

                Just because he didn’t fight doesn’t mean he doesn’t understand the pain of bringing back bad news.

                I wonder how Yuuri’s parents felt when they saw his body. There wasn’t a mark on him. He really did look like