Dale nodded. "Sounds good to me. I certainly can't think of anything more fitting."

Murmurs of assent echoed throughout the party that was ever fluctuating in size.

Daryl Dixon was stood on the roof of the RV staring out across the landscape; attentive to the conversation going on below but listening above the murmured chatter for the unnatural moans of the dead and the warning signs of bodies lurching through the undergrowth. The fire wasn't high enough to illuminate the campsite, so the tents were ghoulish stone alters in the darkness and the man-made lake a gaping maw surrounded by jagged rock teeth. Glenn spared regular short glances towards the saturnine younger Dixon, who prowled the length of the roof like a caged tiger and made him just as nervous as the dead did.

"All of 'em sound stupid to me," Daryl muttered.

The dull scrape of dragging feet on leaflitter caught in his ears, just as it did in everyone else's, and Glenn stood up as quickly as Shane. Guns were raised and panicked whispers were hushed as the vulnerable members of the group, the women and children, were herded behind the men. They all strained to see, to pick out the source and isolate it from their number.

"Everyone stay quiet," Shane ordered. Glenn loitered on the edge of the group, wishing he hadn't left his aluminium bat in his tent.

It took a moment for him to catch sight of it, camouflaged as it was against a background blurred and distorted by the darkness and his overactive imagination. The silhouette swayed as it trudged along, moving away from the camp to the treeline; head bobbing and feet tripping - aware yet unaware of the world surrounding it. Garbled moans echoed across the camp to them and Glenn was vaguely conscious of the terrified sobs Sophia Peletier muffled with her mother's tight embrace.

They all stood, electrified, in the light of the fire. Waiting. Shane let go of a deep breath and crept forward, the butt of his rifle nestled against his shoulder. In his mind he had no other choice but to close the distance, he'd miss the shot if he stayed where he was.

"Shane, be careful!" Lori hissed, lurching forward a step. A small hand curled around her wrist, holding her back from moving any further. She looked down to find Carl staring up at her in fright, clinging to her arm and shirt. She pulled her son against her, guilt ebbing at her lack of thought. Shane could take care of himself, Carl couldn't. "Don't worry, baby. Everything's going to be okay."

T-Dog followed Shane at a tentative pace, a box-end wrench held in a raised hand. He looked over his shoulder at Glenn and Ed, the latter stepping backward to join his wife and daughter whilst young Glenn - face creased with anxious reluctance - sidled forward, still unarmed.

"Can you see it? I've lost it," Shane whispered.

It was somewhere in their little shanty town, lost amidst the numerous tents and vehicles sat along the woodland boundary. Glenn could see nothing, and neither it seemed could T-Dog.

"Shit, where is it? Do you have a flashlight?" He asked Glenn.

"Dale has one, I think. In the RV. Aren't the Macklins' in their tent?"

"Aw no, you don't think... Shane?"

"We woulda heard somethin' if they were in trouble."

"Sure," Glenn wasn't convinced.

"Look! There it is!"

"I see it." Shane lined up his shot again.

A head jerked into view twenty yards before them, the attached body wobbling on unsteady legs as it stumbled and overbalanced. There was an elaborate crash as the figure fell into a stock pile of empty water and gas cans, and a whoop of hysterical laughter told them all they needed to know.

"Hold up! It's just Merle," Daryl called out, lowering his rifle. He skidded down the RV's ladder and into the path of Shane's rifle, a beseeching hand held out to the Officer when Shane held his aim. "Don't shoot."

It took Shane a long minute to finally lower the weapon, and he did it slowly, almost hesitantly. His body was taut with adrenalin, the glimmer of fear in his dark eyes was replaced with anger.

"Jesus!" Shane threw the rifle to the ground and kicked at the flimsy wall of a tent in his frustration. He paced in a tight circle, glancing at the others but fixing Daryl with a hostile glare. His self control was unravelling. "Goddamnit, what the hell is he up to?"

His tone of voice and aggressive stance put Daryl on the defensive. The redneck seemed to grow half a foot in the firelight, wired up and ready to secure his brother's failing honour. His lip curled up in an ugly sneer, the rifle he held was propped against a cooler and he advanced on Shane, teeth bared and a hand hovering over his hunting knife