right through him— through every crack and ripple that his usually stoic face cannot cover. And maybe, just maybe, Draco is starting to understand what could have possibly drawn Potter to this slight witch with no other ostentatiously overt features other than the strong, warm, determined brown eyes that now pierce Draco’s cold, hard grey ones.

To Draco’s immense surprise, she nods. “Not until you say so.”

 

~:~:~:~:~

 

Draco sighs as he plops down on his favourite chair, craning his neck this way and that. It has been a long day. He’s just about to close his eyes when—

Poof! “Rrrrawk, rawwwwk.”

Gunther hobbles and fastens his eyes on Draco.

“Rawk, rawk, rawwwk.”

“Demanding little thing, aren’t you?” Draco murmurs.

“Raaaaaawk!” saysGunther as he nibbles slightly on his trousers to get his point across.

“You’re not the only one who’s hungry, you know.”

Nibble, nibble. Nudge.

Draco breathes out. He is tired out of his wits, but Gunther shouldn’t have to suffer his bad mood. “Alright, alright, I’m getting up. Bloody bird.”

He reaches for the topmost cupboard and sets on his task; he opens the can of food and pours it into Gunther’s bowl. He then sets the bowl on the floor and lets Gunther gobble up his icky, mashed-up, atrocious looking thing in content silence.

Draco sighs. Again.

The day is not much different than that of his usual but he feels the weary drain slither into his bones, and it is all he can do not to plop his head on the table and just retire there for the night.

He is exhausted, mentally and physically. He has done more stasis charms than he cares to count which always leaves him just a bit out of sorts, and his... talk with Potter’s girlfriend, although relatively (and surprisingly) civil, doesn’t help the tension that has been coiling his muscles and straining his nerves the past few days. He is grudgingly grateful for her offer, and to some extent, it is a relief that Granger is also in it to help. Not that he’d admit that to anyone.

It was the right thing to do as a Healer, to acquiesce, for his patient’s speedy recovery. But the Malfoy in him, the one with childhood jealousy and schoolboy prejudice really can’t help but doubt if it was the sane thing to do. The Slytherin in him considers it as a sign of weakness, accepting the hand that was offered to him— a hand that is tarnished and impure, a hand of a blood traitor...

Gunther rawks at his meal appreciatively while he clacks on the floor.

Draco shuts his eyes. No, he thinks. Those times are over. Those times are behind him.What’s important now is doing his job properly and upholding the honour of his profession. What’s important now is the life of his patient.

Draco snorts.

Fucking Potter. Fucking wound. Fucking drunk donkey.

He opens his eyes blearily and groans. There is still work to be done and he can’t sleep yet, no matter that he is ready to collapse on the cold floor and convert Gunther into his personal headrest. Trust that it would be Harry Potter that makes him miserable, still.

Fighting the urge to close his eyes again, Draco gets up and grabs a sandwich from his refrigerator. Casting a decent warming charm on it, he takes a bite of the sticky, gooey mess, and eyes it distastefully. Whatever gets me through the night, he thinks, biting back a grimace as he takes another mouthful. Giving Gunther a light pat on the head, he makes his way out of the kitchen.

Just imagining the amount of books that he has to rifle through, through the night, makes him even more exhausted. The soft mattress upstairs is practically calling his name, tempting him with its warmth and promise of a good, long sleep, but he resists.

He trudges to his study and waves his wand at the unlit fireplace, sending tendrils of flame shooting up the wooden base, and making it light the room up wonderfully. He eyes the numerous shelves containing an assortment of books— massive volumes, tiny paperbacks, colorful spines— looking for titles that may provide some idea as to what curse hit Potter, and what spell can be used to reverse it. Although he has some hazy idea on the collection of curses that could have debilitated Boy Wonder, he knows he cannot risk performing a counter-curse that might aggravate his condition, or worse, make the wound open up completely.

Of course, it would make it immensely easier for him to do his job if Weasley and his incompetent group of Aurors manage to catch the fiend and worm out what spell he used, but when has Weasley ever really made it a point to make Draco’s life a little easier? If it were anyone else but his best friend who has managed to stumble under Draco’s care, the freckled faced git would