had witnessed finally set in.

Cloud keeled over onto his hands and knees and vomited, not stopping until he dry heaved a few times. Tears escaped from him, but he didn't notice, instead hugging his knees tightly while the nightmare replayed itself in his head.

He hadn't wanted to die. He had sacrificed doing the right thing for being selfish.

For being a coward.

Notes:

Started: 2013年9月3日（火）

Finished: 2013年9月4日（水）

The long overdue update is here! Yay! I don't recommend reading before/while/after eating, though.

A little late for that. Oops.

Cloud still sat with his knees drawn up to his face and his heels pressing against him. He continued to sniff, the events that occurred so long ago yet so recently replaying in his mind like a cassette tape that kept rewinding itself. His eyes felt heavy, his weary body shivered from the chill, and his bottom ached from where it pressed against the floor.

He didn't know how much time had passed. It felt like years, but he was sure that that was too much of an exaggeration. Fear kept him awake; he sometimes heard echoing footsteps or bumps from nearby and didn't want to give anybody the chance to catch him unaware.

But what could he do if somebody did come? His clothes were taken away. Nothing was in them other than his military I.D (he never bothered taking pocket money around anywhere) and his helmet and weapon were gone by the time he had regained consciousness.

Depressed, Cloud dug his chin onto his knees, wrapping them closer to himself as he felt goosebumps break out. He jumped and curled into himself when he heard the heavy door slide open with a screech.

Something was thrown at him, but Cloud didn't look up until the door was closed again. He picked up what appeared to be a one-piece uniform colored a very dark brown. Upon further inspection, he discovered large pants and breast pockets along with assorted leather belts, possibly used to tie something like a sword or a rifle to his person.

Disgusted, Cloud threw the uniform at the wall and dug his forehead into his knees, more miserable than ever.

It was his fault. He joined them because he was a coward, because he wasn't strong enough to even try to fend them off.

The screeching door brought him out of his thoughts before he could continue to wallow in his misery. He was yanked upwards by his hair, his feet hovering a few inches off of the ground and kicking wildly. Cloud held onto the hand, not really intending to dislodge it but to stop the searing pain on his scalp.

The uniform was picked up and shoved on top of him and his attacker shoved Cloud down to the floor. The blond cried out as his head nearly cracked against the metal floor but the cry was cut short as the uniform was pressed against his face, leaving no air to breathe.

Cloud thrashed with more vigor, quickly getting weaker and weaker as his lungs burned and his vision went faint.

His head throbbed painfully, and the blinding light pierced through his head, making the aches worse. Cloud sat up, squinting and holding up a hand to block the light. His eyes widened when he saw a black glove and looked down to find that the rest of the uniform had been put on him as well. He took a quick look around his surroundings and stared.

The door was open. Cloud stayed still and reigned in the instinct that told him to run out and look for a way to escape. The door couldn't be open without a reason. He waited.

Silence. Nothing passed by nor did he hear any far-away noises. Tentatively, Cloud peeked out of the door.

A passageway with doors a certain distance from each other greeted him. To the left was an area blocked by a chain-linked fence stretching upwards to the ceiling; to the right, the passageway stretched onwards to who-knew-where.

Cloud cautiously approached the fence and tried to see past it. He couldn't make out much due to the lack of lighting in that area, but he had a feeling that he might have come from there. The chain on the fence was unlocked and trails of blood, now brown, painted the floor, mostly obscured by the darkness. He shuddered again as the memories quickly flew by him and he turned away.

Tense, he slowly made his way to the other end of the passageway, eventually reaching a thick sheet of cloth. Cloud hesitated, holding his breath, then reached forward to pull the sheet to the side.

Nothing. Cloud let out all the air with a near inaudible whoosh. Adrenaline still coursing through him, he investigated.

The sheet reveal a ladder with its rungs built into the wall. Looking up, Cloud could vaguely make out a trap door. He quickly weighed the pros and cons of going beyond the tiny door. He only had the room he came out in to go to; either that or he could try the other doors in the passageway. Beyond