the afternoon session. He pummeled his head to figure out what and vaguely recalled that there was supposed to be someone else at the G8 conference. That one country… looked like America... very quiet. He pondered for a few more moments and promptly forgot what he was even thinking about.

The sound of a crinkling bag drew England's attention to America's seat. To England's surprise, the fast-food-loving nation was still in the room and had just lifted a brown bag lunch out of his scuffed-up briefcase and placed it onto the conference table.

America glanced up, caught England's stare, and grinned. "Hey England, guess you're staying here for lunch too, huh?"

England frowned, trying to make sense of America's abnormal presence and the curious absence of his usual greasy fast food. "As you would notice if you ever spared a moment for anything other than fast food, I always work through the lunch hour," he chided. "But why are you here? Is Tokyo suffering some sort of crippling hamburger shortage?"

"Actually England-san, my country has the second-highest number of McDonald's in the world. They are very popular here," Japan said, putting away his speech and politely joining the conversation. The small table made it easy to hear every word spoken by the other countries, especially since America completely lacked an 'indoor voice'.

"Yeah!" America nodded enthusiastically. "I love the Big America burgers you guys got here. The Grand Canyon Burger is almost as cool as the canyon itself. And nearly as big!" He praised the classy look of McDonald's in Japan and their 'awesome' fast food offerings.

Japan nodded with pride. Correctly reading the dubious look on England's face, he explained that the fries and drinks portions were much smaller in his country, but that some of the burgers were actually larger than their American counterparts. "For example, the 'Mega Mac' burgers are like Big Macs, but even bigger, England-san."

"Et tu, Japan?" England's eyes widened in surprise. He thought that he was the only country suffering from the onslaught of America's unhealthy fast food. He never suspected that skinny Japan shared the same harmful addiction.

Ignoring the conversation between the two island nations, America pouted as he pulled an apple out of his bag. He sighed melodramatically. "Dude, I wish I coulda gotten a burger, but my boss said that we all have to tighten our belts. I even had to pack a lunch instead, which totally sucks."

"You might benefit from some belt tightening," England crisply replied with a small smirk.

"Hey, is that a fat joke?" America asked suspiciously.

"Why no, I was merely commenting on your hefty finances. I'm sure a leaner budget will help you slim down your deficit."

"Geez, England. I'm seriously jonesing for a hamburger. You don't need to be mean about it," America huffed, in no mood for their usual taunts. He pulled out a sandwich. "At least I've got my fluffernutter to cheer me up."

England nearly choked on his tea. "Excuse me?"

"I'm not familiar with that term either, American-san."

America beamed, holding up the sandwich like it were one of his sacred hamburgers. "Oh man, I can't believe you guys have never tried it before! It's like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but instead of jelly you use marshmallow fluff! I used to call 'em Liberty Sandwiches, because they taste like freedom."

England relaxed, relieved to discover that America had no idea what a 'fluffer' was. England's post as erotic ambassador remained secure.

"That sounds… interesting, America-san."

"They sound like a precursor to diabetes."

"Well, I was gonna let you try some, but you're being a big ol' meany-pants, England, so no fluffernutter for you. Mm mmou mmnt mmm mmpan?" America asked as he chewed, offering a bit of the partially-eaten sandwich to Japan.

Japan blushed at the thought of an indirect kiss. "Thank you, America-san, but I'm full."

"Okay, 's your loss." America shrugged and finished devouring his sandwich.

England watched in horrified fascination. It was just like America to invent a sandwich that sounded disgusting and had no nutritional value whatsoever. In fact, the sandwich seemed to represent everything terrible about American cuisine: over reliance on processed foods and excessive amounts of fat and sugar. Clearly something had completely killed the boy's taste buds at some point after the 1700s because it definitely wasn't England's fault.

"That hits the spot." America patted his stomach and smiled as he finished the sandwich. "It's 100% sugary goodness between two slices of wonder bread," he said, explaining to the other two countries how the gooey sweetness of the peanut butter meshed perfectly with the creamy sweetness of