him. “When I heard you were gonna take your date into my truck I grabbed the keys from him, he didn’t have a choice.” that seemed to calm Dean a little, but not enough, so you added “Besides, you drove my truck, it was only fair that I got to drive yours.” Dean took a deep breath and grabbed his keys. He looked at Sam pointedly and said “Don’t let this happen again.”



 



About the time the waitress came back and started flirting with Dean and Sam you decided that it was time to go. She made a gross comment about being with brothers and you got up with a sour look on your face and told Sam that if he wanted a ride he better get his ass to the truck.










*****










When you got back to the motel you and Sam agreed to order a pizza, and go through the death and accident reports that were recent enough that you were able to take copies back with you. This time you were determined to keep your eyes off of him, but you thought you saw him looking at you a couple of times.



 



When the pizza arrived Sam beat you to the door, but you insisted on paying. “It’s the least I can do since you’re letting me stay in here with you.” you insisted, shoving the cash into the delivery guys hand. You told him to keep the change and grabbed the pizza before walking back over to the table. “You didn’t have to pay. You’re only stuck here with us because of me.”



 



You decided not to respond. You went to your bag and grabbed a bottle of whiskey, then two plastic cups from the vanity in the bathroom. As you poured the glasses Sam plated two slices of pizza for each of you. You chatted while you ate, about the case a little bit, then about Dean a little. He thanked you for taking the heat off of him about you driving the car. “I wasn’t going to let you say no anyway.” you told him. “That car is sexy as hell and I wanted so badly to drive.” you giggled. Sam had another drink, but you knew better than to get even a little tipsy around a guy you were attracted to.



 



You excused yourself to shower, bringing your entire bag into the bathroom with you. The water was hot and felt incredible on your skin. You took your time, hoping to relax yourself enough that you wouldn’t be tense when you went to bed. When you finally turned the water off you dried yourself off in the bathroom and looked through your bag for something to wear that was mixed-company appropriate. You didn’t really have much, so your best option was a tee and a pair of shorts that barely covered your ass. I’ll just stay sitting down…



 



“I’ll sleep on the floor.” you announced, coming out of the bathroom. You grabbed a pillow off the bed, and a blanket from the extra linens pile in the corner. “That is not happening.” Sam insisted, grabbing the bedding from your hands. “I really don’t mind.” you assured him, trying to get the pillow from him. He was holding the bedding above his head, and when you jumped up and still couldn’t reach he laughed. “You’re short.” he laughed. He sounded like he was a little bit buzzed from the whiskey, and you couldn’t stop the grin that spread across your face. “Am not, you’re just a freaking giant.”



 



“You have a beautiful smile, you know.” He told you, lowering the bedding. “You should use it more often.”



 



You knew you were blushing so you turned away to pick up the room. You put all of your stuff - including the whiskey - back into your bag. You bagged up all of the garbage, and put it on top of the pizza box near the door. You hung up the towels that were on the floor, and when you turned around Sam was sitting on his bed watching you. Thats when you remember about the shorts you were wearing.



 



“Are you sure you don’t want me to sleep on the floor?” you asked, grabbing an accident report and walking between the beds. “Positive. A gentleman would never let a lady sleep on the floor.” he told you.



 



You got comfortable on the bed and announced “I am hardly a lady.”



 



“Au contraire. You are quite the lady.” he told you. You could feel heat in your ears, so you turned on to your side and tried to read the report while sam made up a bed for himself on the floor between the beds.

It was hardly 8:30pm, but you felt your eyelids drooping. Soon you  were at the library, microfilms passing by on the screen far too quickly for you to read. You kept trying to slow it down but it was going faster and faster. When the machine started to smoke you were panicking. No no no… this is my last