negotiations, and takes Sora's hand. Sora pulls her to the dancing square, where the red dust is raised to the level of their knees by the stamp of many feet.

"Your dress," Teyla says. "It is too good..."

"When else would I wear it?" Sora demands, pulling at her still, until Teyla is far closer to Sora than she ever would have come on her own. "It is for you," Sora says, with a smile, and then she blushes and says, "For our guests."

Teyla feels the heat rising in her own face, but she knows it will not show so much as it does on Sora's white skin, where the rose brightens Sora's freckles. "Let us dance," she says, and leads them into the rhythm of the music.

"Will you tell me what it's like, in the city of the Ancestors?" Sora calls, over the noise of the dancers that surround them.

They can only hear one another if they are dancing even closer. Teyla presses Sora against her, feeling silk against her fingertips. She speaks of wonder and fear, of ghosts and magic, of the scent of ocean and the feeling of safety. She can feel Sora smiling into the skin at the side of her throat, her lips pressing invisible kisses there.

Teyla breathes gladness. She was right to bring the Atlanteans here. Now that they and the Genii are trading partners, she is sure to see more of Sora.

They dance until night cools the sweat from their brows, and when the music ends, Sora steals a kiss in the darkness of the village, with only the starlight in her eyes. "I have waited many years for this," Sora tells her, and Teyla answers softly, finally allowed to speak her heart: "I have, as well."

 

iii. after the storm

 

"Tell me how my father died," Sora says.

She does not look at Teyla; instead, she stares through the puddlejumper's windows as John speeds them through the atmosphere from Atlantis to the mainland. The dark swirls of the hurricane funnels have dissipated, leaving only the dark and turbid ocean beneath them. Teyla has convinced Elizabeth that there can be nothing crueler than to leave Sora a prisoner, caged and barred from the world. The mainland is the alternative she suggested. All her hope rests on the fact that Sora has proven willing to talk, at last.

"When we discovered the culls in the Wraith webbing were alive, I wished to rescue them," Teyla says. "Tyrus feared that I would bring the attention of the Wraith upon us, so he shot the prisoner. It was that death that woke the hiveship. Your father fought bravely."

"He made a stupid mistake," Sora says, and still she will not meet Teyla's eyes.

"Sora..."

"Leave me," Sora says, though there is no where she might go, in the small space of the puddlejumper.

Forgiveness does not come easily to Sora. Sometimes, Teyla knows, it comes not at all. It seems that she has some measure of gratefulness towards her captors for allowing her the freedom of the mainland, but this means she must now disrespect her father.

When John lands, he raises an eyebrow at Teyla.  "If you would wait, Major," Teyla says, and she is the one who leads Sora into the sunlight of her new home. Many Athosians greet her; they have all known her for years.

"Why did you bring me here?" Sora asks, when Teyla says at long last that she must take her leave.

"When I think of your father, I think of the gift he has given me," Teyla says, instead of answering. Sora's lips tighten. Teyla shakes her head. "He has gone. Can you not forgive him?"

"Not yet," Sora says, and turns away.

Teyla's visits to the mainland are necessarily few and far between, but she cannot let them go entirely. Sora is always there, waiting for her, and they walk among the fields to the forests as the sun sets.

The night is often beautiful on this new Athos. The stars are the same ones that the Ancestors visited, and in some sense the Ancestors are among them still, since their light has only just arrived.

At last, one night, many months after the rebuilding has been finished, when they are walking again among the trees, Sora takes a few steps into the darkness, until Teyla can see only her silhouette.

"Follow me," Sora calls, and laughs lightly. Teyla smiles, and moves with all the hunting craft that she knows, not to step on a twig or a fallen leaf from the planet's last season. She follows, knowing that she is the better stalker, and she will not lose Sora in this forest that she has learned nearly as well as those of her home world.

Nevertheless, the place that Sora brings her to surprises her. There is a pallet laid there, and candles that Sora lights with a pocket-laser.