the world! It was gettin' too quiet back home. Let's drink, ne?" Tasuki smirked again.

"Hold yer horses, ya boozehound, I'm gettin' to it!" He shared out the clear, fiery liquid and passed a glass to his friend. "Kouji, I propose a toast. To friendship!"

Kouji was about to laugh at his friend's solemn declaration, but a sudden sadness in Genrou's eyes stopped him.

"Hai, Genrou -- to friendship," he quietly replied.

After the toast had been drunk, Tasuki refilled the glasses and broke the mood, asking, "So how have things been back home? I didn't exactly get a chance to ask earlier!" Kouji grinned, glad to see Genrou back to normal, and answered cockily.

"Well, of course, now that I'm leading them, things have never been better for the Mount Reikaku bandits! Merchants curse our name far and wide, their guards are terrified of us, and riches have been pouring in!" Tasuki snorted.

"And do the guys remember the time their wonderful new leader botched a raid so badly he wound up sitting in a magistrate's jail for a week? I still say we shoulda left your sorry ass there!" Kouji turned red.

"Shaddup, aho! I seem to remember a certain bigmouthed fangboy who drunkenly insulted a nobleman and had to kiss major ass in order to keep his head!" Now it was Tasuki's turn to blush. Soon the two old friends were engaged in raking over past embarrassments and boasting over past exploits. By common consent, neither mentioned the future.

                                                           *****

Chichiri turned his mask over and over in his hands before tossing it onto a table with a sigh. If this was to be the last night of his life, he didn't want it to be a lie. His mind returned to the past, to the day that had given him the scar that sealed shut his left eye. Hikou, will I be apologizing to you in person before tomorrow's over? Would you forgive me if I did? And Kouran...The thought of his dead fiancée still hurt him, even now. What could I say to you? The way things ended between us...Chichiri stopped that line of thought and rebuked himself. At least I got to know what love is. I had someone to love and be loved by, even if it was only for a little while. Nuriko and Chiriko never had that; one was too young and the other loved only in vain. I should be grateful for what I had, even if I lost it. He realized he was pacing restlessly, and decided to go for a walk. Even by night, the imperial gardens were ethereally beautiful, silvered by moonlight and swaying in a gentle breeze. Walking there had never failed to calm the nature lover in Chichiri, and though he could not fully relax, the peacefulness eased the ache in his soul. He leaned on a railing, watching the wind ripple the shimmering surface of a pond and feeling it playfully toss his bangs. It was hard to believe there could be something as terrible as war in a world that held such beauty. Hearing a sound from the palace, Chichiri cocked his head to listen.

He recognized the sound of a woman's heartbroken weeping and shivered. Maybe not so hard to believe after all... Listening closer, he could hear other sounds as well -- the desperate joviality of comrades trying to forget how many of them would never see another day, a wailing child waked from a nightmare of slaughter. Terrified people facing a future without hope, their anguished voices tore at Chichiri's heart as he fled further from the palace, tears rolling down his ruined face.

                                                           *****

Mitsukake methodically checked over his medical supplies, knowing how much they'd be needed the next day. Although he'd lost his powers, he was still trained in the healing arts. He glared at the armor he'd been given. He knew his skills as a doctor made him too valuable to be on the battlefield unprotected, but he still disliked the necessity. He was a healer, not a soldier.  He had already asked that no weapon be issued him, and though Hotohori had looked troubled, he had understood and accepted the request. Mitsukake's duty was to save lives, not end them, and too many people had died already. He thought of Chiriko, just thirteen years old. But so brave. How much courage must it have taken, to be dying and to still turn down the chance to live? Mitsukake's heart always ached at the knowledge that he'd been unable to save the two people who had meant the most to him. He had returned from a journey to find the woman he loved dead of an illness he could have cured had he only been there, and the boy who'd been like a son to him had refused Mitsukake's offer to heal his wounds, knowing that to die meant their enemy would die with him. For a brief moment, a whispering thought crossed Mitsukake's