unassuming John, a criminal mastermind capable of such cruelty? Such destruction? John Watson, the army doctor whose hands healed and nurtured, whose hands were capable of punishing those who wronged. No, this was all wrong, this was all twisted. Nothing made sense, but at the same time, it was all crystal clear.

“John,” he managed to choke out.

John raised an eyebrow but made no movement towards him. “Sherlock, I’m surprised. You’re meant to be a sociopath, so what’s with that look?” His mock surprise faded and a malevolent smile stretched his thin lips. “You don’t have friends, so you don’t have a reason to be hurt or betrayed.” He pulled his hand from his pocket and lifted it, snapping his fingers.

A red light blinked over Sherlock’s chest. Over his heart.

“It probably won’t hit anything. You proved you were heartless after you let that old woman die, after all.”

Sherlock pushed back the pain and desperately reached out to grasp an emotion. Any emotion that wasn’t this blinding ache that rendered his body and mind useless. His mind supplied him with images, laughing beside John in the corridor, sharing smiles with him over the breakfast table, the doctor’s annoyance at finding body parts in the fridge—No. No, no, he needed to delete these memories. They weren’t relevant. Not anymore. All of it was useless data. The John Watson he thought he knew, that was an act; an elaborate scheme to get under his skin and lower his defences.

This realisation wounded him far more than any simple bullet to the chest.

“What’s this? You’re speechless. Sherlock, it’s usually so hard to shut you up, why the change of heart?”

Such cruel words did not belong in John Watson’s mouth. Sherlock internally winced. No, he was wrong, he was still deluding himself. He never knew John in the first place. He needed to calm down. He needed to approach this situation in the calm analytical way he known for.

“As always, your deductions are faulty,” Sherlock finally replied, his voice deceptively calm. “You just said that I didn’t have a heart.”

John chuckled low and dark, sending chills down Sherlock’s spine. “Well, you got me there,” he replied, holding his hands up in mock defeat. Slowly, he began to approach the consulting detective, Sherlock remained where he was, the red dot keeping him in place.

“It was you, wasn’t it? That phone, those games. All of it right under my nose and I didn’t even notice.” Sherlock silently hoped that his words did not hold any of the self-contempt he was currently drowning in, the last thing he needed was to give John more leverage. John was barely a foot away now, entering Sherlock’s personal space with his arms outstretched and reaching behind Sherlock’s waist.

Sherlock mentally cursed when he felt his heart quicken.

“You’re always complaining that you’re bored,” John replied smoothly, his hand crept under Sherlock’s jacket and his grin widened when he felt the shudder. “And Mrs Hudson would hate it if you shot the wall again.” He stepped back, ever so slightly. Just enough for Sherlock to see the gun in his hand. John’s gun.

Sherlock’s eyes widened and he resisted the urge to check his waistband. Stupid, stupid, stupid! How could he let himself be distracted like that? Be distracted by John’s scent, by his close proximity, by his very presence? Wrong, all of this was so wrong! He was just standing there, slack-jawed and even more unresponsive than a bloody cadaver. And why? Because the only man he trusted with his life turned out to be his greatest enemy.

Because despite all of these facts screaming at him, Sherlock still found himself irrefutably attracted to him.

As if he had been able to read his thoughts, John stepped forward once more and reached for the back of Sherlock’s head, pulling it down and softly brushing their lips together.

Confusion, shock, confusion, embarrassment, confusion, fear, confusion, stomach doing flips, confusion, unable to breathe, confusion.

John’s lips curved into a grin.

The sound of metallic clicking rang loud, shattering the still calm of the pool. Sherlock felt the cool press of metal against his temple. John didn’t step away.

“Through your brilliant brain or through your fickle heart, Sherlock? Which is better?” John murmured against Sherlock’s lips.

Sherlock swallowed thickly but was unable to answer. His breathing was erratic, having lost the ability to properly breathe through his nose. Inhales and exhales were shallow and his chest barely moved, Sherlock was beginning to feel lightheaded.

It seemed like an eternity when John groaned and stepped away.

“Boring,” he muttered, taking the gun away from Sherlock’s head.