share his tent with me tonight, but I have a headache. Go and tell him for me." She laughed. "I mean, I will give you a note."

At summer's head, Teyla's silence was lifted. Many of the Lantians came to the village on that day, for it was the feast of Tla and Lota the Thinker.

"Teyla!" Ronon picked her up and swung her around. She smiled into his shoulder and clung tighter.

"Do you know how many times I've almost been killed?" Rodney took her directly from Ronon, squeezed fast and hard one time, and put her back on the ground. "Twenty-seven! I counted. And at least five of those instances could have been prevented if we'd had you there instead of Private McFumbles."

She smiled and said only, "You look well, despite all the danger."

Rodney sniffed and drew himself up a little straighter. "The fourth time I almost got killed was because I couldn't do a decent pull up, so Ronon instituted a daily physical torture session."

She looked at Ronon and he rolled his eyes, shook his head. "McAfee likes to cook. He," a nod in Rodney's direction, "was getting slow and fat, so I chased him a little." He laughed.

She laughed in return, but looked past them, in the direction of the landing field.

"He couldn't make it. He—," Ronon started.

"He's mad at you," Rodney cut Ronon off. "You left without explaining why in words small and blunt enough for him to accept, and now he's acting like a pissy bitch."

The next part of Teyla's training to become Gleena was spent as Mylka's shadow. She trailed Mylka as she walked the settlement, listing to everything, and speaking occasionally. She sat in the back as Mylka instructed the children. And she talked everything over with Mylka, at length.

Teyla followed as Mylka drifted in the direction of men shouting.

"We will soon be getting meat from the Lantians as charity instead of payment, if we do not quickly reach an agreement about our payment," said Jinto.

"Depending on the Lantians for anything is dangerous," said Tynol. "We should hunt the far edge of the continent!"

"How is that less depending on the Lantians, you fool? We need their puddlejumpers to get there and back."

"We only need their puddlejumpers as long as we remain in this settlement. If we depend on them to bring us meat, and they stop, we have to fight our way past them to the Ancient ring. How could we prevail? We can move our people to better hunting if we must. We only choose not to do so."

"You want to send our best hunters off to unfamiliar territory, too far to reach on foot, with only the Lantians as a way home! That is insanity. If we get meat from them, the forest grows around us, and when they stop bringing the meat, we can hunt again."

Mylka moved in closer to the fire, so that everyone could see her. There was a sudden scramble to make room for her, but Teyla stood back, hidden in the shadows. "The Lantians told you where they would take you? I am surprised they insisted on the continent's far edge, and no where else," said Mylka. "Jinto, please pass your cup. I thirst."

Teyla cleared her eyes and leaned back against Halling.

"I am glad you came to me, old friend."

"This is hard," she said.

"Is it hard because it is hard, because it is lonely, or because it is here?" He stroked a hand down her cheek, then down her arm.

"Because it is here?" She sat up a little straighter.

He pulled the blankets more firmly around the two of them and pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "In some ways, you are strange to us, Teyla. You have made yourself so, through working and living with the Lantians."

"I am Athosian."

"You were an Athosian when we were of Athos. But now, this planet is new, and we are a new people. It is more than being culled that makes us stationary. The lands are rich. The trade with the Lantians is different than what we had through the Ancients' Ring, before."

She shrugged, but said, "Nanta and a few other girls are talking about farming, I heard."

"They have done more than talk. They are making arrangements to apprentice off planet."

"The world is changing."

"Our world has changed, and so have you. Is there, would there be shame, if we and you had changed in different ways?"

"Mylka, what you taught the children today, about the moon, what is that? I do not know the stories."

"This planet is not Athos, Teyla. It does not have the kely leaf or the telig bug, so it does no good