, like he was meant to do something or say something.

"Not much, just a little demonstration." He reached forward but Cas swatted his hand aside.

"Don't touch me." He insisted firmly, his heart starting to race and panic set in.

"Heal me," Kubrick demanded, the look in his eye was disconnected and sent Cas' stomach tumbling into knots. "You did it before, do it again. Show them your power, Castiel."

Cas shook his head, "I don't have any power, Kubrick. And you're not even injured." He tried pushing his way through the pack of students but some of them were a little more stubborn than he'd anticipated.

"You're right, how silly of me, I'm not injured." Kubrick pulled a pen from his pocket and, before Cas understood what was happening, jammed it into the arm of kid next to him. "But he is."

Cas' eyes widened, "You're sick," he stammered out. "Get away from me!" He shoved the students out of his way and bolted down the hall, but there were more walking toward him. He thought he could push past them so he charged.

He was wrong. They caught his arms and held him tightly despite his struggling. He wasn't strong enough. Cas strained but he couldn't do anything except whimper as they dragged him into the bathroom before anyone saw them. A hand clamped over his mouth to keep him quiet as he was forced into the handicapped stall. He noticed they'd brought in a large pot and filled it with water, he could only imagine what they were going to do with it.

"If you won't heal anyone then maybe you'll show it another way." Kubrick's voice was like venom and Cas wished he could push back. Someone forced him to his knees in front of the large cooking pot and held Cas' head over it. "Angels don't need to breathe."

Those were the last words Cas heard before he was plunged into cold water. He pushed back again, water rushing into his ears and drowning out all sound but his own heart skipping beats. Seconds passed like hours as he struggled to get free. His lungs started to burn as he grasped at the arms around him, hoping and praying that someone would come help him.

It hurt, his chest ached and his entire body felt stiff. He needed to breathe. He needed to take a breath but he didn't want to drown. It didn't matter though, within 40 seconds he instinctively tried to inhale. Water filled his mouth and nose, pouring down into his lungs and stomach. Cas thrashed and convulsed against the people holding him down, frantically trying to pull away. One of his limbs connected hard with the student on his right side, Cas didn't know where he hit them but it was enough to wrench away.

Cas threw another kid aside, adrenaline guiding his actions and sending his mind into a spiral. He didn't fully know what he was doing but it was working, he'd forced a path clear for himself and he took it. Maybe it was super human strength or just the terror coursing through him, whichever it was he used all of it to get out of there.

Once he burst out of the bathroom he didn't think, he just ran to the stairs hoping for an escape. But there were more of them coming down from the second level. With a clear memory of what had happened the last time he tried to charge past them, he froze on the landing between the two floors and backed up to the window, "Get away from me..." he repeated weakly, his heart pounding so loud he almost couldn't hear anything else. "Please... get away from me."

Why wasn't he coughing? He'd inhaled water; did he really not need to breathe? Was that part of being an angel? He didn't know, his mind was too flustered to care about that. And then a sharp sensation rippled through him.

His back hurt. He shuddered and tried to will it away, he couldn't have a spasm here, not now.

Pain shot through his spine once, like a shock of lightning and again a few seconds later. 'This one's going to be bad.' He knew it. He knew it before his muscles tightened and he couldn't do anything but curl forward. Kubrick and the others surrounded him and stepped closer, some were saying things, others were in awe, he didn't care. Cas' hearing dulled and all he could understand was that the muffled voices belonged to people.

It felt as though someone had taken a sledgehammer to his back, pounding and pounding away. Then they took handfuls of skin and tissue and tried to tear it from his spine, punching down hard into his core and ripping it back out again. Over and over, each time getting more painful and each time he wanted to cry