, his tone rather grave, "think it's a wonderful idea. We all miss Shiro dearly, but he wouldn't want us to mope, would he? I say we should get out and celebrate the defeat of Zarkon. We aren't done yet, but we'll have some nice downtime and this might be one of our only chances to do so."

Allura nodded. "You're absolutely right, Coran. Paladins! We are going to go celebrate."

So that's how Keith found himself hitting up bars with a tipsy Lance whilst Hunk, Allura and Pidge were dancing in the square and Coran was trying to get a nice deal on some new alien tech for the ship (while also slightly tipsy himself).

They soon found themselves in a classy outdoor bar run by several hot aliens. Lance had giggled and dragged Keith over to the bar ("Lance, babe, I love you, but I'm not gonna be happy if you ogle the staff the whole time."), and had soon gotten acquainted with a girl and her friends who seemed to be more interested (to Keith's relief and Lance's drunken despair) in their relationship than Lance himself. Lance and Keith allowed the girls to buy them a few drinks, and managed to find themselves deep in conversation with these girls.

"Aww, lucky you! You seem to have such a trouble-free relationship," the alien girl commented after a while, her laquered nails drumming on the table. 

"What do you mean by that?" Keith asked, confused. "We used to bicker all the time."

"Well..." The girl thought some. "The last time I was with a guy, he didn't know my name for three whole weeks and I didn't know until one of his friends called me by my mom's name. Embarrassing!"

"Yikes," the boys both commented, Lance snuggling closer to Keith.

"So, boys," the admittedly-good looking female alien continued, her lamp-like eyes flickering in the twilight. "Have any embarrassing relationship stories for me? Those always make my day."

For a moment, Lance couldn't think of any. It relieved him. Maybe we are a somewhat normal couple. However, as the smell of the fruity drinks he and Keith were drinking hit his nose, he remembered.

The worst of the worst, absolutely embarrassing story of the decade, and it was HIS fault for listening to Pidge. He shuddered.

"Keith," Lance whispered desperately, hoping his boyfriend wouldn't remember. "Keith, buddy, pal, mi amor, please don't talk about it, I said I was sorry..."

However, it was too late for him now- Keith had easily remembered. He shot Lance a devil-may-care grin, licked his lips, and began the story.

"Well... There was this ONE time... where we were back on the ship during one of our less active weeks..."

-----------------------

-----------

-----

--

-

 

"Lance, Keith!" Pidge called, waving them over. "I managed to find some of my old files! This video is HILARIOUS. You have to see this."

Lance eagerly sat down to watch, Keith sitting next to him warily. "What'cha got for us, Pidge?"

Pidge smirked and hit play.

Five minutes later Lance and Keith had jumped out of their seats, alarmed; Pidge was rolling with laughter.

"What. The absolute. Fuck, Pidge!?!" Keith barked, throwing his hands up in the air. Muttering obscenities, he stormed from the room.

Pidge checked to make sure Keith was out of earshot, and leaned over towards Lance. With a shit-eating grin on their face, they whispered, "Maybe you should grapefruit yo man, Lance."

With an angry huff, Lance walked off...

------------------

"That's it? I thought it would be more embarrassing than that," the girl commented. "Also, what's a grapefruit?"

"It gets better," Keith said, resisting the urge to howl with laughter. "Also, grapefruits are an Earth fruit, citrus? So later that week, we had a time planned where we were gonna have some time to ourselves, and Lance was gonna suck me off and then fuck me blindfolded..."

----------------

"Found the goddamn blindfold," Lance noted, a hungry note lacing his voice. He tossed it to Keith, who put it on the bed, sitting there with a come-hither expression on his face.

They met in a kiss, Lance helping Keith out of his shirt, mouths fighting against each other. "Looks like the rest of the team is busy," Lance began huskily. "That means I got you all to myself."

"That's a good thing," Keith replied, a mischievous note lacing his words. He slipped out of his pants, and Lance helped fit the blindfold over his eyes. Keith shivered as his vision was cut off and he could sense Lance getting to his knees.

The warm tongue around his dick awoke his senses. Keith's back arched