, mother, because mine are non-negotiable."

She glared at him, "Go to your room."

Kiba stared her down for a second, then complied with a nod, rolling his eyes as soon as he turned around.


Honestly, I'm a ninja! She really thinks sending me to my room is going to keep me home? She's obviously become too used to me being obedient lately.


Not that there'd been any reason to have much fun without Naruto. The two of them had always had fun or played pranks together, but the blonde had been too depressed in the last year or so for their shenanigans to continue. Then he grinned.

But then, that's what I'm going to help fix tonight.

Ten minutes later, Kiba and Akamaru landed on the other side of the wall of the Inuzuka compound. A simple favor asked, and Ookamihime had pretended to have sprained a paw, drawing Tsume away, and they were gone. He smirked as he and Akamaru ran through the streets.


I have to remember to repay her with a nice T-bone steak when we get back.


He was free and clear now: his mother might try and whip him into shape behind closed doors, but she'd never submit herself to the embarrassment of chasing her pup through the streets just to publicly drag him back by the scruff of his neck.

Kiba couldn't hold back a laugh, practically frolicking through the streets as if in a field of flowers now.


Just you wait, Naruto, I'm going to throw you the best birthday ever.


She sighed. If anyone could recognize mental trauma, it was her. There was just no hiding the dangerous precipice Naruto stood at when they locked eyes for even a moment. And... there was something scary about it all, worrying. His overly cheerful face- mask, she corrected herself wearily- flashed through her mind, causing millions upon millions of anxious thoughts to skip through her head. Even now, she was on edge, couldn't shake the feeling that something was terribly wrong.

Ino looked up from her contemplation of the only other blue-eyed blonde shinobi her age in Konoha at the knock on the door. She opened it and scowled, leaning expectantly on the door frame, "What do you want, dog-boy?"

Kiba scowled right back, "You not to be a bitch? Oh, sorry, I know I shouldn't ask people for the impossible."

After a tense minute of silence, smiles broke out on both their faces and the platinum blond shook her head, "What did you need, Kiba?"

"I'm throwing a party for Naruto, are you coming or not?"

"Of course I am! I already have the birthday bouquet prepared."

His nose scrunched, "You're giving the village's shinobi savior a bunch of flowers for his birthday?"

"Shut up. These are Naruto's favorite."

"He has a favorite flower?"

Blue eyes rolled, "Men."

The trio looked towards the door when the bell rang, Sakura seeming thankful for the interruption, and went to answer it. She barely turned the knob when someone burst through the door, zeroing in on Naruto, "Happy Birthday, man!"

All three of them blinked, the blonde asking the first thing that popped into his mind, "Um, how did you figure out where I was?"

Kiba blinked right back and calmly pointed a finger down towards the giant white dog at his hip, "Dude, I have the nose and hearing of a canine, and a loyal Ninja Dog that was bred for enhanced senses and strength. How could I not figure out where you were?" The teasing tone left and Kiba scrutinized him, "How are you, though? From what Akamaru and I scented, you lost buckets of blood, man."

Naruto blanched further, he'd completely forgotten about Kiba's insanely sharp senses. Crap! Does he know what happened with those ninja? 

"Oh, really? Well, I'm just fine!" a plastic smile formed on Naruto's face, "You know me, always getting into trouble. Hell, you've been my partner in crime for as long as I can remember, so you know better than anyone how it is. 'S nothing to worry about, Kiba." Another forced grin and Sasuke practically growled at him. How had Naruto become such a good actor? If Sasuke hadn't known better, he'd have believed him. But he could see straight through Naruto's stupid mask, it was easy as breathing now.

"It's not fine, you damn idiot! You're not fine! And you're so fucking lucky that you're still not even close to being at one hundred percent, otherwise I'd..." the raven trailed off, not even certain about what he was just about to confess to. Honestly, there were two different scenarios swimming through his head. One involving violence, and the other something self-forbidden that he shut down the second