a lot of his life feeling on guard. He likes to blame it on bad parenting on his father’s side but truth is, he’s just naturally a closed off person. Eleanor opened him up for a while, but not like this. Never in the same way that Harry is able to. Harry somehow convinces him to let all his walls down, all those barriers. When he’s in Harry’s arm, Louis is free even it’s just for a few short minutes. 

The relaxation washes over him like calm waves from the sea and after a few moments, Louis pulls away from the kiss with an appreciative hum. “Mr Styles, are you trying to distract me from the mess I’ve made of this kitchen?” He teases, his tone a little lower and his face a little softer. All his muscles have loosened and the stress has disappeared. Now all that matters is Harry, Harry, Harry and Louis likes that feeling. He might even love it. 

“Maybe.” Harry murmurs with a smirk, leaning down to press a kiss against Louis’ temple. “Is it working?” 

Louis chuckles, his pout from earlier long gone and being replaced by a content little smile as he swipes their noses together in a short eskimo kiss. “Nope.” He lies, hands slipping into the back pocket of Harry’s trousers and giving his backside a playful squeeze. “Come on, birthday boy, you can help me tidy up as punishment for being ten minutes late.”

-------

They don’t end up tidying up. They mean to, honestly. Even manage to put at least two pans into the dishwasher. But then Harry prods Louis in the side, cackles at him for being covered in flour and naturally Louis’ response is to smear a dollop of sticky icing sugar across his left cheek. It all goes downhill from there. 

Chaos erupts and by the time Louis has managed to pin Harry against the kitchen counter with a breathless giggle, the room is in an even bigger mess than it was before. Harry now has a mixture of flour and sprinkles in his hair, scattered all over and there’s even a flour handprint on his bum. One of the broken eggs has been smeared even more around the room where one of them slipped in the mess while trying to escape the other and a mixing cup has been knocked off onto the floor. Neither of them seem to give it much thought though, too lost in their own little world to be that considerate of their surroundings. These are Harry’s favourite moments. The moments that no one else can capture, moments that no one can take from him. It’s just him and Louis, no cameras or management to tell them what pose to pull or how to behave. Moments like these are precious.

One of Harry’s wide palms lift to cup the side of Louis’ face, his thumb purposely smearing flour that little bit more into tanned skin. “The ingredients are supposed to go in a bowl, babe.” He teases though he’s soon silenced by the feeling of his boyfriend’s lips against his. A small moan leaves the back of his throat as he returns the kiss, moving his hand further back to tangle in sandy coloured hair and teeth nipping at Louis’ lower lip in an attempt to deepen the kiss. 

These are Harry’s favourite kind of moments as well. Every touch, every kiss shared between them always feels like the first time. He still gets that little jolt of excitement in the pit of his stomach, still feels his heartbeat race that little bit faster. Truth is, Harry wanted this for so long, going as far back as the X Factor days and now he actually has it, he doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it.

Louis’ hands slip under the bottom of Harry’s shirt, cool fingertips pressing into the warm skin underneath as his hips push forward in a brief yet still suggestive roll. It’s ironic how when this first started, it would always have to be Harry that would initiate first contact. Harry that would have to do all the hard work to get just one kiss. Now here they are and it’s Louis that can’t get enough. Louis that’s pressing him up against hard surfaces, Louis that’s currently grinding up against him while running his tongue along the roof of his mouth. 

The tables have certainly turned since that first sloppy kiss during the Up All Night tour, but Harry wouldn’t change that for the world. 

They’re breathless again by the time they pull apart, though it’s for a completely different reason now. Louis’ hands are already working at the button of his jeans, fumbling to get the damn thing through the loop while his mouth nips up and down various parts of his neck. He swears he feels one of them leave a mark, feels it throbbing a little longer than all the other nips but can’t bring himself to care because Lou’s hand has slipped inside and is now palming at him, hand flat