Okay, first scene is for Sealand, France, America, and England. The location is a World Meeting and you're playing Sealand, France, Canada, and England, but none of you are allowed to play yourselves. Got it?"

Suddenly numerous countries raised their voices in objection and complaint.

First was England, "Sealand is not a country! You can't recognize him by letting him play in this stupid game!"

Next came Poland, "Dude, you can't like set an improv scene at a World Meeting while we're at a World Meeting, that's like totally lame."

Then Korea started yelling and waiving his arms, "I should be in this scene! Improv was invented in Korea!"

Finally, Sealand joined in, "Rawr! I'm a country and I'm annoyed because I'm not as awesome and cool as Prussia!"

Prussia laughed and patted Sealand's shoulders. "Kid, you're almost as awesome as me! Also I forgot to mention: once we do a scene, we'll all go to a bar and have alcohol?"

"Alcohol, you say?" England asked, intrigued.

"Oooh," France eagerly rubbed his hands together. "Will England be our waiter?"

"Shut up," England snapped as he swacked France in the head.

"Dudes, stop it with the sexual tension so we can do some improv!" America said, for once being somewhat reasonable.

"For once, America is being somewhat reasonable," England said in surprise.

"I agree, which means it is ze end of the world. Would you like to have some of ze preparing-for-ze-apocalypse sex?" France leered.

England punched him again. "Well, I think it's bloody obvious that Sealand should play America. He's an annoying child who wants his independence, even though he has no bloody idea what to do with it."

"Dude, it's obvious that Sealand has to play England. He's got the eyebrows and the temper and the swearing and everything!" America said. The other countries laughed and immediately agreed that Sealand would make the best England.

"Yay!" said Sealand, as he ran off to the costume room that was now mysteriously attached to the world conference room so he could find a costume.

"So who will play Sealand?" England asked in a huff. France and America just stared at him and smiled. "Oh, no. No, no. Definitely not."

"But you are perfect, mon cher, you have, as Amérique says, ze eyebrows and ze temper and ze swearing and everything!" The other countries, still laughing, quickly agreed that England would make the best Sealand. He stomped off to the dressing room.

"And I shall be dear Canada!" France said, smiling happily.

"Shouldn't I be Canada?" America asked. "I mean, we are twins."

"Yes, but no one has ever mistaken you for Canada in your life. Also, if you play Canada, that will leave only ze role of France for me, which is forbidden by ze rules."

"Ugh, does that make me France?" America looked a little queasy.

"Hon hon, just remember: now you are one with ze country of l'amour." France said while making kissing noises at America. They both left for the changing rooms.

"Okay, start scene!" Prussia yelled.

Sealand bounded into the room and jumped on to the table that they had repurposed as a stage. He was dressed as a pirate with an impressive pirate hat and a plastic sword. "Yar, I be Cap'n England, the terror of the seven seas!" he said. "Oh, and I'm the first to the meeting because I'm a punctual tosser."

"Look, it's England all alone, go get him," the real France said, pushing America onto the stage.

America looked decidedly uncomfortable in France's fancy clothes and his blond wig of slightly longer hair. "Look, I know that France always hits on England, but he's like 12! Isn't this creepy even by France's standards?"

England entered the room wearing an adorable sailor's uniform and an impressive scowl. "France would most definitely 'hit on' a child. When I was a child, France invaded my southern regions," he said, his tone frosty and hateful.

"Ah, ze Normans, those were ze good ol' days," France replied with a happy sigh. He had added a single curl in front to his hair and was holding a stuffed bear.

"Um, mon cher…" America began to say with a terrible French accent before Sealand cut him off.

"Shut up, frog!" Sealand pointed his sword at America.

America decided that cussing was far preferable to flirting and joined in with relish. "Screw you, rosbif! Your cooking is terrible and your eyebrows are hideous!"

"Well, you've got a dumb accent and stupid hair!"

"My hair isn