what was coming.

“C’mon. I have to get back inside.”

The tiny god glowered up at him. “Fine. But you owe me an extra wheel of Camembert.”

Adrien grinned as he ducked behind a bush that he had used as cover many times before. “Plagg, claws out!” The transformation washed over him, leaving him with that strange tingling feeling he always got when he transformed. He took another glance around, making sure that no one was looking at him. He used his baton to propel himself through the air and onto the balcony above his room. Using his baton, he gently nudged the window open. Satisfied that he wasn’t going to crash into the glass and break it, Adrien dropped off the balcony, swinging his body so he had the momentum to land in his room tucking into a roll as he landed. “Plagg, claws in.

The transformation released and Plagg floated in front of him. “Cheese please.”

Adrien laughed softly as he opened the door and slipped into the hallway. He pulled his phone back out to reply to Gwen.

To: Gwen From: Litter-ally a Cat (11:42) Ugh. You're the worst. I'm going to go sleep off all my problems.

After a pit stop in the kitchen to get Plagg more Camembert, Adrien slowly made his way to his room, dragging every step and collapsed onto the bed. There was no way that he'd be able to ask the pretty girl for her number.

In which Adrien ultimately gets some good advice from Ladybug, and in which he utterly fails at being smooth.

And Plagg just wants cheese.

Once again, this chapter was beta'd by the wonderful, amazing megupic! She is responsible for making this chapter readable.

Patrol started as usual. Chat Noir and Ladybug met on top of the west wing of the Louvre as they always did for joint patrols. In the three years since Hawkmoth had appeared, they had searched the city as well as they could. They had tried to follow the purified butterflies, only to find that the they would lead the superhero duo in circles. That had lead to the theory that Hawkmoth still controlled the butterflies even after they were purified.

Their route was a simple one. They would start in the first arrondissement and end in the 20th, spiraling outward, hoping to spot some sign of Hawkmoth. Chat’s ears flicked, listening for anything out of the ordinary. It wasn’t uncommon for them to stumble across some crime or another happening while on patrol and once they found something, one of them took care of it while the other called the police.

Chat kept pace with Ladybug, lost in his own thoughts. He’d been trying to plot out a way to get the bakery girl’s number without sounding creepy, but so far hadn’t come up with anything. He continued to plot until they arrived at the 7th arrondissement, when Ladybug suddenly waved him off their normal path. Usually, their route didn’t take them anywhere near the Eiffel Tower. So many akuma attacks had happened there or near there, they’d to assumed that Hawkmoth didn’t have his base of operation near there, due to the high probability of being discovered during the fights.

Chat followed her, confused, as she swung to the top of the tower. If they knew Hawkmoth wasn’t there, why was she beckoning him to follow her?  He quickly followed, balancing on his extended baton and landing softly beside her.

Without a word, she plopped down on the tower, letting her feet dangle over the edge. He followed suit.

She glanced over at him. “What’s bothering you, Chaton?” she asked, swinging her yoyo in a back and forth motion in front of her absentmindedly.

He frowned and leaned back on his hands. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, My Lady. Nothing’s bo- fur -ring me.”

She looked at him with dead eyes, clearly not amused. The wind whipped around them, whistling through the tower and emphasizing the silence that fell between them.

“Was that pushing it?”

“Definitely.” She tilted her head back to look at the night sky, even though they couldn’t see the stars because of the bright city lights. “So? What is it?”

He shrugged. “Nothing, really. Just thinking.”

“About? Jeez, Chaton, getting you to talk is like pulling teeth today!”

He raised an eyebrow at her. “You’re one to talk, Mademoiselle I-Don’t-Want-To-Reveal-Our-Identities.”

She huffed, bumping her shoulder against his. He gave her a cheeky grin in return. “That’s for our protection and we both know it.”

“That’s what  you  say.” He puffed out his cheeks and let the air out, giving in to her prodding. “So... basically my friends are being the worst. They’re trying to get me to ask this girl I like