against a Horseman.

Dean Winchester could run, but he couldn't hide.

---

His coworker was in town before he was, in the flesh. (His coworker was everywhere, actually, but to see him in person - )

Famine got out of his SUV and walked to a store, eating souls as he went. Corpses and crashed cars littered the street, and he heard the click of a cane. "Good evening." Famine stopped, watching his coworker.

"Famine. I left you your anomaly."

"Kind of you."

"His time isn't up." A cold chill passed him, and Famine moved along. Not even he felt comfortable near that one. He heard the purr of the pale steed, and then he entered the store.

---

There were people fallen in the aisles, and Famine stepped around them, growing younger and stronger as he ate their souls. He approached the back of the store, and heard a groan as his anomaly woke up.

Dean Winchester was pinned under a dead form, the only survivor in a town hit hard by accidents and natural causes that were perhaps a tad too early. Famine didn't help him move the body, nor did he help him stand. He stood and watched in silence as Dean realized exactly who he had moved, and didn't smile when Dean finally focused on him.

"You bastard," and Dean lunged at him. Famine smiled at the only remaining Mister Winchester and caught his wrists.

"You aren't grieving, are you?" Famine asked, tone dry and brittle as aged paper. "You aren't angry. You're empty, Dean."

Dean fought in his grip, but Famine had been eating. Famine smiled and opened his mouth, eating the soul of the former angel on the floor, and he watched the empty look in Dean's eyes.

The angel tasted delicious, even with the taints of humanity within it.

"You bastard, you utter, utter bastard..."

Famine looked within Dean again, probing to the best of his ability, and when he was finished he let Dean go.

"Death wouldn't have touched you, Dean, not if you insulted him to his face. There's so much you've lost, and you don't even want it back."

"You're wrong."

"Without your angel, your soul is slipping, Dean. But you won't die." Famine had to smile. He had to lift his good hand to cup Dean's cheek, and now Dean couldn't budge his hand, even when he slapped at it. "There's nothing for me to eat here."

He lowered his hand and turned away, chuckling.

A clockwork toy, nothing more. Once Dean Winchester wound down, there would be nothing left.

That was the crux of it, after all. No human could survive without want, and no human could survive with too much want. Death wouldn't take Dean Winchester, and with his angel dead there was nothing to return Dean's balance.

When Famine turned back to Dean, Dean was standing over the body of his angel, going through the motions of grieving.

"When you run out of motions to go through, Dean Winchester," Famine said, ignoring the meaningless glare Dean shot him. "You will simply stop. I will return for you then."

Famine thought of clockwork as he walked away, leaving Dean alone.

---

The next time his anomaly attracted his attention was eighteen months later, when the hole in his radar didn't move for a month. Famine supposed the time was right for him to visit and collect the broken machinery, but as he approached Pontiac, Illinois, he was joined by War.

War was riding a red motorbike, now, and a sword rested on the back of it. She smiled at him, and his SUV obliged him and became a motorbike. The twin roars didn't drown out their conversation.

"You're going to check on him, aren't you?"

"He hasn't moved." Famine adjusted his sunglasses, glancing at the red sun. "And Lucifer's taking his sweet time, is he?"

"We've only got one Apocalypse, and he doesn't want it over too soon. He's also put off killing Michael again." War spat on the road as she went along, and Famine knew she spit blood. "Michael the perpetually injured has a nice ring to it, though."

"You would like that."

"You're occupied by this. Find me afterward, alright?"

"I will, War." Famine smiled, brittle. He knew where she would be, as he would follow in the aftermath to see the starved and desperate.

Her motorbike roared as she changed course away from him.

---

He found Dean Winchester at a grave, in the middle of prayer. The prayer was meaningless, and didn't go anywhere. It was simply the last act in Dean's clockwork.

Famine watched him for an hour, before