to read. He pushed two fingers inside her, pressing down, while his thumb worked her clit.

It wasn't until the Blessed Age that taxes were paid in coin. Originally, the King and Queen required that those taxes be escorted in person. Small holdings were taxed in mere coppers, five percent of a household's annual earnings... Thom's thumb circled, slick. She resisted wiggling into him. He must be hard. She pictured his cock, thick head stretching up past his foreskin. Last week she'd worked that loose skin over him until he was nearly sobbing into his own beard.

She turned the page, examining her manicure as she did so. Green, to match the mark. Her maiden had mentioned it would look sickly compared to her pale skin, but she'd taken the lacquer anyway. She pictured now running those green nails down his shaft and watching him shake.

Her voice nearly betrayed her when he pulled his fingers out. Still, they both remained silent. He lifted her hips, pushing her up on her knees. Well, this is less than comfortable. Her thoughts fled when he started laving his tongue across her cunt, eating her like a fucking apple. He sucked at her juices, hungry and greedy. Her moans were swallowed and she buried her face in the tax code, trying to be as interested in it as Rainier was in her cunt.

He must be so hard right now. If she was in charge, he'd be begging her to come. She turned the page, resisting the urge to buck her ass into his face. One of his rough fingers started toying at her pucker, poking gently, teasing. I can do anything to you I want? He'd asked the question with disbelief when they'd planned this.

She remembered the one and only time he'd fucked her ass. She'd let him do it, her hands flat against the brick walls of her quarters. It had been smooth and soft at first, but he'd roared like an animal, coming across her back. He'd been too cocky afterward, and she denied him the pleasure ever since. Now with his fingers dipping into her, she wondered if he'd take her that way.

She turned the page.

To his credit, he tried to make her break. He sucked at her, licking her clit until she came, her muscles clenching and thighs shaking. Still, her resolve was great- was she not the woman who sealed the fucking Breach?- and she simply read the paragraphs again and again, managing to get away with simply squeezing her eyes shut for a few moments.

He kept lapping at her. He stuck his tongue into her shaking cunt, groaning with desire. He moved it up and up, now licking her crevice and spreading her slickness all around. He dipped his filthy tongue into her ass now, squeezing her cheeks beneath his heavy hands. His beard was pressed against her cunt. She wanted him to kiss her, to smell herself in his hair.

She turned the page.

Oh, she was going to kill him. He was teasing her now, rubbing his cock all around the outside of her cunt. She could picture the head, leaking clear drops. King Marius decreed in 4:10 that all farms growing less than one hundred bushels but not less than.... He started rubbing his cock on her clit, moving it around and around. Shall hereby beholden to give.... She bit her tongue. He'd better fuck her, and soon.

Instead, he slipped a finger inside her, twisting it around. She was so fucking wet, she could feel it running down her leg. That same finger slid up, teasing her pucker again and dipping in.

He thrust into her over and over, trying to get any kind of reaction out of her. Instead, she remained silent, ignoring the burning in her knees. His free hand moved her shirt out of the way, greedy and seeking her breast. He tugged at her flesh, her large nipples hard and painful. The finger still worked her ass, in and out. With little warning, he got up, moving off the bed entirely. Lori turned the page, resisting the impulse to look at him. Drawers thumped and dragged, wood against wood. She pictured Rainier outside, rain matting the hair on his head and chest, hoisting the axe in the air and landing the blow.

He came back to the bed, putting a pillow under her stomach and pulling her legs out straight. Great, now her ass was in the air, still exposed to the brute. He went back to massaging her cheeks, kneading them with more aggressive strokes than his usual apprehensive touches. Hands left her ass, moving up her back. He lifted her chest with one arm and roughly fondled her small breasts with his free hand, pinching her nipples and sinking his teeth into the back of her neck, like a wild animal.

Breathing through her nose, she turned the page.

He hilted himself in her in one motion, nearly causing