but he wasn't really that concerned with his safety. He felt the urge to change the subject more for her sake than his. He could tell she was empathetic, the pain etched on her face betrayed her even tone. And as mean as Draco could be, he wasn't cruel enough to force those dreadful feelings on someone else. He didn't want them himself, and seeing Hermione shudder a breath only made his own heart ache again. 

So Draco extended his hand to her, his arm behind his back and head slightly bent.

“What're you doing?” Hermione asked incredulously. She glanced over at Gerania, who had already moved on to bother somebody else.

“I'm asking for a dance, Granger,” he said, look up to smirk at her, “or didn't they teach Muggles the pleasantries of social interaction?”

He watched as a smile spread across her face. Hermione put her hand in his and gave a brief curtsey.

“Of course we learned the pleasantries. We also learned that only gentlemen observe them,” she said, as he led them out onto the dance floor. “And I really didn't think I knew any. Let alone any men who danced.”

Draco spun her around into place, and pulled her close as the started a Viennese Waltz. “Perhaps you'll redeem yourself for your earlier crudeness, then” she said, blushing.

“I plan on it.”



*       *      *

Hermione smiled over her cup of tea and waited for him to figure it out. In the past two months, Draco Malfoy had become an unexpected confidante of sorts. She had friends she could talk to and colleagues she could consult with, but Draco didn't ask painful questions and he thought like the old lawmakers—which, she hated to admit, was practically invaluable. Definitely moreso than their growing camaraderie. 

“Oh, well that's hardly fair. 'Until such time diluted bloodlines are integral to perpetuating the wizarding society.' That was not the original intention of this bill and you know it,” Draco said, taking off his glasses and pointing at her with them.

“But an amendment to the statute stating that Muggle-borns, in addition to 'diluted bloodlines,' have been decreed a requisite part of the wizarding world, should do it. Then I wouldn't have to abolish the law, it's too interconnected to things we actually need.”

“Isn't that just a bodge job?”

“I plan to go back and rewrite all of the legislature eventually, but I need to get rid of all the booby traps first.”

Hermione took another sip of her tea and smiled to herself as Draco leant back in his chair. She watched as he crossed his arms and looked out the window to the shoppers scurrying around Diagon Alley, his spectacles dangling lightly from his lips. It was a side of Draco she had become accustomed to over the last few weeks: a pensive Malfoy who kept his mouth shut and let her talk, something she swore he never did in school.

Ron always wanted to ramble on about something, he didn't know how to enjoy a peaceful silence. 

Her mind stopped when she locked eyes with his over the tea table. 

“I never thought you'd end up with him.”

Hermione blinked several times in shock. 

“Who? Ron?” she asked incredulously. She knew Draco was a skilled Occlumens, but she wondered if he knew Legilimency as well. 

“I always thought maybe, I don't know, Potter? Or Krum eventually, but I never thought you and Weasley would last,” Draco said, nonchalantly folding his glasses and placing them on the table.

“Harry? Really! Why did everyone think we were dating?”

“You were always together, he always defended your honor.”

Hermione scoffed. “Harry did that for everyone. He's almost like a brother to me.”

“And Krum?” 

She watched as Draco leant forward on the table, his eyes borrowing into hers intently. 

“A, a schoolyard fling,” Hermione murmured. She looked back to her tea, purposely stirring in more sugar to avoid her embarrassment. “It was the first time a boy had paid attention to me for more than homework help. It was... flattering.”

She quickly took a sip of her tea, only to choke on its sweetness. Hermione couldn't understand why Draco was suddenly so interested in her dating history. It made her heart flutter, but whether from nervousness or excitement, she didn't know. She couldn't remember the last time Ron had looked at her with that much attention.

“And what about you and Pansy, hmmm?” Hermione asked, wanting to turn the tables a bit. Draco laughed, but she noticed a bit of pink around his ears nonetheless. 

“Pansy was, I don't want to say like a sister, because that makes it sound pervy, but I knew her my whole life. She took it all a lot more seriously than I did, it was just... Can I say shagging and attention without sounding like a careless