of his business. And, who knew if he'd cause some irreparable changes by helping?

Besides, what was the point of taking a shortcut if he wasted time here? He was already really late. He took a few more steps, getting away from the tableau. There, that was easy – just, walk away. Smother all of his instincts and ideals and just –

“Well Stebbins, we were saying? Ah, right, I was going to try my new spell on your ugly face. Here we go... Pustul–”

“Hey!”

Goddammit.

The large Slytherin turned again to sneer at him, wand in mid-air, spell aborted once again. “Scram, four-eyes! Can't you see we're busy here?” then he paused, frowning, “Hold on...”

He looked Harry up and down with distaste. "You're that, that transfer student. Your mysterious circumstances are all anyone would talk about since the feast... hell, you've barely been here a day and I'm already sick of hearing your name,"

He then took a threatening step in Harry's direction, completely forgetting his earlier victim, looked massively relieved. But then... the worst possible thing happened.

"Now, now, Mulciber," a silky voice intoned, sounding calm but reproachful, "Is that any way to treat our new friend?"

"Tom...!" Mulciber said, quickly putting away his wand, "What are you – ?"

Because yes, that was indeed Tom Riddle who had just arrived, with a gleaming prefect badge on his breast.

Harry's heartbeat instantly doubled, hammering away in his ears. This could not be happening.

"I'm sure you've heard, but I'm a Prefect this year. And I would be very remiss in my duties if I let you start anything on the very first day back,” the young, not-quite-yet Voldemort was saying, “Even Professor Slughorn, forgiving as he is, wouldn't let it slide if he heard you were hexing fellow students,”

Here he glanced at Stebbins – still flattened to the wall and trying to escape notice – and Harry noticed for the first time that his legs were glued together. Likely a Leg-Locker Curse, which explained why he hadn't high-tailed it out of here when he'd had the chance.

And speaking of which...

Harry darted a look behind himself. Should he?

But... no, running away now would just raise more questions. He had to play along.

Riddle's impromptu lecture ended, and Mulciber was sent away with the reinder to reflect on his actions. It didn't escape Harry's notice that there hadn't been any subtracted points or detentions given despite the blatantness of what had been going on.

Also of interest was the way Mulciber hurried down the corridor as fast as it was possible to do politely without breaking into a run. He was pretty sure he hadn't imagined the way Mulciber had paled and refused to meet the Prefect's eyes, and he didn't have to wonder long about what might have been going on between the young man who would become a Dark Lord and a boy who bore the name of one of the most well-known Death Eaters of his time.

"You should go too, Stebbins," Riddle said kindly to Mulciber's cowering victim, after performing an intricate countercurse.

Stebbins didn't need to be told twice before he disappeared behind the corner, leaving Harry in the extremely awkward position of wanting to stick his wand in Riddle's eye while lacking any legit, time-appropriate reason to do so.

Unaware of his internal struggle, Riddle smiled apologetically and said, "I'm sorry you had to see that on your first day, Evans, but I assure you, here at Hogwarts scenes like those are the exception rather than the norm,"

Heart in his throat, he squeaked, “Oh, umm,”


Yes, great going, Potter. How smooth.


A light frown creased Riddle's forehead, a perfect mask of concern, “Did Mulciber hex you as well? Should I take you to the hospital wing?”

“NO!” Shit shit shit – “Ah, I mean... No, he didn't. Hex me, I mean. You got here just in time though, so – ” say it. Say it, “ – T-Thank you for your help,”

Was this how Ron had felt when he'd been vomiting slugs a few years back?

“You're very welcome, Evans,” Riddle beamed at him, “And I'm relieved to hear that you're alright. Oh, how rude, I never introduced myself – I'm Tom Riddle. I'm a Prefect, so should you run into any trouble do feel free to come to me," he had the gall to say.

Nevermind that most of the trouble Harry had ever run in had been caused by or related to him.

A well-manicured hand was pushed under his nose. He