- hands coming up to cover her mouth - and he doesn't need to be looking at her to know that she knows what it is.

"Is that...?"

"Dean's mother's ring. Yes."

"Where did you find it?"

He shrugs. "Its doesn't matter. You have to give it to Dean."

"Why can't you give it to him? You found it."

"No. You found it."

She still hasn't taken it from him. "Take it, Anna." He steps towards her.

She shakes her head. "It's too much." He understands the weight of what he's asking her to do but it has to be her.

"Anna, this is why he's nervous. Because he needs you to come through for him and I can't-" his voice breaks but he clears his throat and carries on. "It just has to be you. I was going to wait and give it to him after as a wedding present but... he needs it now. And he needs it from you. I thought you might take it the wrong way because you know how much it means to him but..." He trails off with a shrug and pushes it towards her.

 

-X-x-X-

 

"You asked for me again?" Castiel pops his head around Dean’s room door.

"Yeah yeah, come in."

There’s a smile on Dean’s face that Castiel is glad to see.

"You look happy."  He comments and closes the door behind him.

Dean doesn’t waste any time before presenting the ring to Castiel. "Can you believe it? She found it! Cas… she found it." He says incredulously, his eyes are wide and he shakes his head in pure disbelief.

Castiel mirrors his smile. He can only imagine how happy Dean would have been had he been the one to give it to him. It doesn’t matter, he thinks. He’s happy.

"That’s great. Didn’t I tell you?"

Dean huffs a small laugh. "Yeah, man. Yeah you did." But his smile doesn’t stay on his face for long. Instead, it becomes sad and Castiel doesn’t understand.

"What’s the matter? This is what you wanted, isn’t it?" he asks.

Dean’s looking down at the ring in his fingers; he keeps twirling it over and over. His smile has faded completely, replaced by a wet shine in his eyes and lips pressed together in a thin line like he’s trying not to cry. The dimples around his mouth are on show and Castiel's always adored them.

"Where’d you f-find the ring, Cas?" Dean asks, through a hitched breath.

"I don’t- I didn’t find it. Anna found-"

"Don’t lie to me." He pleads. His voice is quiet but firm. He looks up at Castiel. "Please."

Castiel sticks to his guns and shakes his head. "I’m telling you, she found it."

"Fine. Where did she find it?" Dean asks, his tone is calm and it’s unnerving Castiel a little.

"Didn’t she tell you?" In hindsight, Castiel should have cleared this with Anna before he practically ran from her room.

"Nope."

He thinks on his feet. "Remember that weekend you went to see your uncle Bobby?"

Dean nods.

"She turned your entire house upside down looking for it."

Dean breathes a laugh but it’s not a happy one. He shakes his head and says, "I lied, Cas. She said she found it in my old leather jacket. The one I haven’t worn for years."

The look Dean gives him is sorrowful.

"Dean, I don’t-"

"How’d you find it, Cas?"

There’s no backing out now.

He takes a breath and starts. "I thought it might be in your old leather jacket, but then I remembered that that’s in your old storage locker near your old house on the opposite coast. So, I swung by but the jacket wasn't there. Then, I figured maybe Bobby knew, because you were staying with him for a while. He had no clue but he said Jody might know because she cleared out some of your stuff when her and Bobby were together-"

Dean exhales in disbelief. "Jody? Who lives three states away?"

Castiel nods and carries on. "I paid her a visit, she didn’t know but her current girlfriend Donna, made the mistake of giving it to her now ex-husband, Doug, who works as a bartender near their house so-"

"Hold the fuck up." Dean interrupts. "Are you kidding me?" his mouth has dropped open in shock.

"Uh, no I’m not." Castiel is unsure why would think that. "…should I carry on?"