pale glow.

She shakes her head, smiling.  “Thank you, but I’d prefer to do this the old-fashioned way.”

“Well then, perhaps a lunch break might set you to rights.”  He lifts the bag and cup, and it only just occurs to her that he brought food.

“Oh, that’s so sweet of you, but I really have to -”  Her words are cut off by a very loud and timely growl in her stomach, and he smirks.

“Well, I seem to recall many a time when you dragged me down from my tower for a meal and said it was for my own good.”  He grins, and she feels a blush tint her cheeks as she smiles at the fond memory.  “Perhaps I’m just returning the favor.”

She hasn't given a thought to food all day, too busy with preparations, but suddenly her hunger pains are overwhelming.  “Maybe just a few minutes," she concedes, and his face lights up.

She leads him to the study area off in one corner of the building, a dozen small tables surrounded by plush couches and chairs.  She never brought it up, but she knows the sofas weren't there three weeks ago.

They sit at a table, and he produces two white boxes, each filled with a burger and fries.  As she devours half her burger in the first two bites, he puts two bendy straws into the hole of the cup.  It's enough to make her smile around a mouthful of burger.

Once her burger is done, she lists off the remaining tasks to him between fries.  He listens and smiles and doesn't say much, but the knot of tension in her stomach slowly loosens as she talks to him.

She intended to return to her work as soon as her meal was finished, but her feet are throbbing so much she's not sure she's capable of walking even if she was willing to suffer through the pain.

“Are you all right, love?” he asks, his brow creased with worry.

“My feet are killing me," she admits with a sigh.  "I took off my heels hours ago, but running around barefoot hasn’t been much better.”

“Here, let me," he says, standing and pulling her by the hand to the nearest couch.  He sits, but she looks at him skeptically.  "Come now, a few minutes won’t do any harm.”  She would protest, but with just these few seconds of standing, her feet hurt worse than they have all morning.  She sinks onto the opposite end of the couch gratefully, and lifts both feet into his lap.  He presses his thumbs against her the instep of each foot, slowly pressing upward, and she moans quietly, sinking deeper into the cushions.

“Perhaps you can ask Ruby to take you shopping for something a bit more practical," he murmurs, his voice low and tender.

“Oh, Gods," she laughs, "I don’t know when I'll find time for that.”

He smiles wryly, and sets to massaging her feet gently.  They spend a few minutes like this in silence.  As his fingers gradually ease her physical ache, the nagging thoughts at the back of her mind creep forward, and she finds she cannot push them away as she has for days, weeks now.

“Are you sure you’re all right, Belle?”  He sounds far away, and her eyes blink open as his hands still.  His face is full of such sweet concern, and the tender care and worry for her well-being warm her heart in spite of everything else.

“I’m just so nervous something will go wrong," she murmurs.

“It’s a library, love," he says, trying to sound playful and comforting at the same time.  “People come in, they pick something out.  You write down their name and the name of the book and that’s the end of it.  What could possibly go wrong?  Short of all the pens suddenly running out of ink, you’ve nothing to worry about.”  He smiles at her, and she wants to let his optimism fill her and wash away all of her doubts.  But just as her hunger refused to be silent once it emerged, it seems her doubts are equally stubborn.  She sighs and slumps against the couch.

“What if no one comes?" she asks pleadingly.  "What if they’re not interested?  Or what if they don’t want to have anything to do with the strange girl who spent the whole curse locked up and has no false memories and is in love with the Dark One?”

He looks at her the way he did that morning in the shop, when he promised to protect her, loving and heartbroken and desperate, willing to do anything to make her happy and make her suffering go away.  “Hey…” he whispers, moving her legs to the side and leaning in close, brushing her cheek with gentle fingers.  “Anyone who wants to avoid you is either a fool or a bastard