in his chest and pelvis, enough to make him gasp and his legs buckle. He leaned into the chair for support as he ran his tongue back out of the entrance, licking with the broad length against his Master's engorged clit.

 

The effect was delicious. His Lord all but screamed, wrapping a hand about his collar to pull him closer.

Choked, stuffed into his Lord's cunt, and blessed with such wonderful sounds, Papyrus felt for certain he might just cum.

 

 

But it was not to be.

 

Too soon his Lord came with a breaking cry, the legs curling against his back as they shook, his body going tense, his back arching. Blue fluid squelched from his Lord, spattering Papyrus' chin and cheek as the body beneath his teeth relaxed, going limp.

 

Licking the cum from his face, Papyrus admired his Lord: without his normal scowl of an expression, he looked almost sweet. Sweat lingered on his brow as he caught his breath, his cheeks aglow as he basked in his orgasm.

 

Papyrus took some liberty in what he was about to do, he'll admit that readily. 

Carefully, almost fearfully, he placed a kiss to the inside of his femur. And then another, and another. His soul beat so hard in his chest it felt like his sternum might split in two. A different feeling was what caused this pain, something else entirely. Gently he placed a breath of a kiss to his Lord's mound, drawing a hissing gasp from him.

 

 

Those blue eyes turned to look at him, a curious spark in their depths. "G-good boy." His Master breathed, before sitting up. Clearing his throat, he regained his hard demeanor, "Yes, very good. You have made your Lord proud." 

 

Papyrus groaned with a pitiful sound as a wracking wave of pleasure rolled over him from those words.

 

From words. 

Oh, how terrible and horrific a thing!

 

 

How absolutely wonderful.

 

 

 

He gave his Lord a smile. A genuine, doofy smile, feeling like everything in the world was fine so long as his Lord was pleased with him, so long as he had his favor.

"M'lord?" He asked carefully. Neither seeing nor hearing any negative feedback from his Master, he went on, "do you mean that?"

 

 

"The Terrible Sans means everything that he says." His Lord stated firmly as he caressed Papyrus' skull, paying special attention to the crack he had placed to his left side so long ago. "Now then, I do believe you are deserving of a reward for your steadfast loyalty."

Flicking his eyes to his two skeleton guests watching from the sides, he motioned for them to come over with a wave of his hand.

 

 

Papyrus stayed where he crouched on the floor, mostly due to his Lord not telling him to leave, but even if he was allowed...Papyrus didn't think he could stand.

 

The magic pulsing in his pelvis was all he could feel by this point. 

 

 

When hands grabbed him and placed him on the chaise, he barely was aware of anything but the touch, the feeling of the chair's material on his hypersensitive bones, the tug of his jacket being slid from his form.

He shivered as he felt the hands' souls pulse through their phalanges, enticing and terrifying all at the same time.

 

"M'lord..." He begged, the hands on his bones roaming, making him gasp, squirm and cry. "I'm sorry...M-M'lord! It's t-too much!" His clothes were still on his bones, the fingers that touched along his ribs, his arms, his femurs, his throat...they were enough to make him see stars. Bright, burning stars.

 

"M'lord!" He choked, his breath coming in heated pants as he felt hands go under his shirt. The fabric slipped up over his head dragging along his bones with agonizing effect. He moaned as the hands returned to tracing his body, memorizing his details. 

 

"Fuck, he's so sensitive." A gruff voice stated, a grin quite audible in his tone.

 

"god," A smoke-ridden voice added, "i feel like we might break him."

 

 

Papyrus was hardly aware of anything but sounds and touch, his eyes rolling in his sockets, unable to focus.

 

"M'lord." He breathed, taking up a sort of chanting prayer. "M'lord, oh, M'lord."

 

 

An appendage pressed to his teeth and he gratefully took the length into his mouth, a familiar taste on his tongue. 

 

"Mm, f-fuck...he's so far gone!" A purring growl rumbled, the appendage he sucked on moving with sudden vigor. "Fuck...fuck, he's good. Holy sh-shit! He's taking that cock like his life depends on it!"

 

 

It kind of did. 

The taste and the rhythm of it in his mouth, sucking and swirling his tongue around the pulsing member kept him level, kept him grounded. 

 

Papyrus' hips rocked to their own rhythm