a deep breath before opening the door and stepping out, eyeing Sebastian that's currently sat on the bed with all his clothes on still, looking down at his phone and that simply won't fucking do.


"Baby." Ciel whispers, walking up to Sebastian with a sway in his tiny little hips, stopping in front of him and looking down at him, grabbing his phone and throwing it on the bed.


"Pay attention to me." Ciel demands, putting on a big pout that's just way too cute and innocent for what he's standing there wearing.


Sebastian freezes once he sees Ciel, swallowing hard and just wanting to touch, touch, and touch. He wants to mark those thighs, his stomach, everywhere he can reach with his mouth, and that's what he sets out to do.


He grips Ciel's hips tightly, pushing him towards his waiting mouth, hearing him let out a squeak. He starts kissing at his stomach like a starving animal, just wanting to taste the boy. His skin is so soft against his lips, almost feeling like silk, and it spurs him on even farther.


He slaps and grips Ciel's ass so tight it makes him let out a loud moan, letting his eyes slip closed as he listens to the noises he makes, kneading his perfectly plump ass in his hands as he drags his lips to his hip bones, giving them a hard suck to leave his mark.


His mark of possession, because this is his fucking boy. This pretty, pale beauty is his and he won't stand for anything less than that and he won't let anyone touch him without knowing Sebastian was here previously, got to see his boy in panties.


His boy. Sounds fucking weird in his head, and he would care if he wasn't so starved to get his mouth on those supple thighs.


He's biting and sucking at every inch of skin he can get to, refusing to let go of his ass. He drags his lips to the top of Ciel's thighs, sucking and marking and groaning loudly after seeing how marked up he is.


"Jesus fucking Christ, Sebastian." Ciel moans out, all he's feeling is the pre-cum soaking his panties, so wet it hurts. He wants Sebastian to touch his cock so bad he lets out a loud whimper.


Sebastian grips his hips once again, turning him around and bending him in a way it makes the boy's back arch and his ass pop out, and Sebastian wastes no time pushing those panties to the side and letting his tongue go straight for his hole, letting his fat tongue circle that pink rim in slow circles, not letting it prod inside.


Ciel moans loudly under his breath, letting his head fall forward, his hair falling into his eyes and lets himself feel the pleasure, let's himself feel like he's fucking drowning and it's amazing. He feels like his skin is on fire, something threatening to erupt from his stomach. He feels like he's 2 seconds from cumming, but also no where near cumming.


Sebastian growls and eats his ass with vigor, eating his ass so fast and eager that spit is falling all down his chin,  the ass so wet with his spit that it should be disgusting but it isn't. It's Sebastian's favorite flavor, loving the taste on his tongue and sounds coming from the petite boy. He lets his tongue slip inside of him, slowly stretching him out for what's to come.


He fucks Ciel with his tongue as hard and deep as he can, slapping an ass cheek with one of his hands so hard it leaves a bright red mark, feeling Ciel start to grind back against his tongue, moaning his name so loud it's driving him insane.
He's drowning in a sea of Ciel, only Ciel, and he's never felt better.


Ciel is about to go fucking insane if he can't sit on that cock soon. He wants to feel so full that he feels it in his fucking stomach. "Sebastian, baby, please let me sit on your cock."


He hears Sebastian let out a loud growl and suddenly he's turned around again, watching as Sebastian takes his shirt off. He eagerly straddles his lap and just starts grinding against his cock, whining because it's still hidden from his view because of his evil fucking jeans that shouldn't even exist.


He feels Sebastian grips his ass and makes him grind harder against his clothed cock, feeling lips against his neck, a hard suck making him moan under his breath.


Sebastian runs one hand to Ciel's pantie covered cock, feeling the material soaked through with so much pre cum. "You're so fucking wet for me, darling." Ciel nods his head fast, biting his lip so hard it almost bleeds.


"So wet for daddy, so so wet. Want your giant cock in my hole, daddy, please." Ciel is babbling, not even knowing what he's saying.


Sebastian feels