and pliable in his mouth and Star gives off a breathy sigh with each suck.. 

After a few minutes of teasing the not so nubby nubs, Jotaro felt a sweet liquid beginning to pool in his mouth. He releases the nipple with a lingering smack and notices a white substance trickling out of Star’s teat.

Milk?

Well, this is the best milk Jotaro has ever tasted. Better than cow’s milk or when he accidentally tasted horse colostrum in a biology lab. It’s warm and creamy, but not too sweet. He doesn’t even care if it gives him diarrhea or gas: it’s what he thinks the ambrosia of the gods must taste like, like if God himself breastfed Jesus.After all the sucking and tugging, Star’s nipples really resemble fingers. Really fleshy, supple and soft fingers. Which gives Jotaro an idea.

Jotaro positions himself so that his anus is inline with one of Star’s milk cannons, straddling his chest so that he has a full view of his stand’s magnificent, purple meat wand. “Star….Nipple?” tries Jotaro.

Before he had time to doubt his hunch, Star’s nipple shoots straight up into his ass, ramming its tip directly into(?) his prostate causing Jotaro to let out a shocked gasp.
While the nipple was thinner than most things Jotaro’s had up his ass, the pinpoint accuracy of it striking his prostate more than makes up for its lack of girth. Jotaro wraps his hand around Star’s other nipple, working the shaft as he pounds his wanton ass down on the other. Milk gushes from the tip, caking Jotaro’s hand and the inner walls of his asshole, making them sticky. 

At this point, Star’s massive member is leaking its own brand of man milk so Jotaro slows his gyrations and shifts himself so he can suck his stand and get down some of that cafe au sperme while his ass continuing to engulf  the mega sized nipple. Star returns the favor by giving him the ol’ reach-around, jerking his master off  to the beat of the nipple penetration. 

Hunched over and neck craned, the position is uncomfortable for Jotaro and he can feel his legs starting to burn and back grow stiff. His sweaty thighs stick to Star’s skin and he feels wet and hot all over, but he’s so overstimulated that the thought is pushed out of his head. Jotaro feels so full with the nip deeply rooted in his man cave and the girthy length of his stand’s dick ramming the back of his throat. He puts his weight on one arm and again takes one of his own nipples and teases himself; his chest feels heavy. Jotaro’s balls tighten with each  push from Star, the stand’s movements increasing in speed. Jotaro takes Star’s dick deeper into his throat and tugs harder at his nips. Star takes a firmer grasp on Jotaro’s dick and quickens his pace. 

And with one last plunge into Jotaro’s ass, Star Platinum releases a high pressure torrent of milk from his nipple and an equally strong gush of hot nut milk straight down Jotaro’s throat. Jotaro feels inflated with fluid now and he swears he can feel the mixture frothing inside him. His chest and bowels feel full too and his nipples are especially taut and warm. With a final push from Star Platinum’s nipple, Jotaro can feel the milk leaking out the edges of his ass like a milking machine about to go rogue and wishes he could see what the scene looked like from Star’s point of view: that gorgeous, snow white fluid streaming down his Stand’s nipple, still partially in Jotaro’s ass--

He breaks away from Star’s dick, the spent load that he couldn’t swallow running down the sides of his mouth. Sitting upright he grinds his ass down on Star’s chest as he commands his stand to work his dick faster, eager to reach his own climax. Retracting his nipple from Jotaro’s cavern, Star starts to lap up the fluids leaking out of Jotaro’s ass. He combs his tongue through the thickets of hair, detangling the clumps of crusty milk from his master’s rusty taint and ass pubes.Then, Star moves to his hole, licking it as gentle as a kitten, attempting to clean out some of the mess inside him as well and sucking down his own milk. Jotaro moans, still working his tender nipples.

Jotaro begins to thrust into Star’s hand, meeting his stand’s tugs, and pulls harder at his own nipples. Sweat is pouring down his back from the heat and his balls feel like they’re ready to explode in the sac. His chest feels tender and sore and his nipples are engorged. He can feel Star’s rich and creamy load sloshing around in his stomach, cramping his bowels. Star’s tongue is still exploring his tightly clenched ass, threatening to spill its contents with every lap. Jotaro’s more horny than he’s ever been and feels like he’s ready to burst from every orifice in his