that god-awful way that makes his stomach churn with butterflies and his face go numb with affection. He was hard-core crushing on his best friend Leonard Church.

If someone were to ask him, he wouldn’t be able to say when exactly it had begun. There had been a few times where he’d thought about it, sure, who hadn’t? It wasn’t like there was anything gay about a bro-job between bros, and they sure were completely 100% fucking alone in this canyon. There wasn’t one single girl in sight—or sound, no matter how many times Tucker had requested that Vic be replaced by a female. His requests to “diversify the workplace” had been completely shot down, as had his hopes of getting laid while deployed by anyone other than his own right hand.

So, yeah, given the very desperate situation, there had been a few times that Tucker had let his hands wander over his body and thought about Church in his room. And okay, once or twice in the showers. And maybe a few times behind his favourite rock. It hadn’t been a regular thing though; Tucker’s sex dreams were mainly restrained to women, and it was a rare occasion that Church snuck his way in.

Except that it started becoming less and less rare. And he started thinking about things that weren’t sexual, either. When Flowers died, Tucker helped bury him, and they threw a shitty funeral together with little to no decorum. Church gave undoubtedly the worst eulogy of all time, and only managed to add a kind sentiment at the beginning before informing Tucker that he was in charge now. Tucker had objected to this at the time, but when Church had offered him Flowers’ totally sick armour, Tucker couldn’t say no.

Church had ended the eulogy by saying something that Tucker still remembered vividly today. As he’d stood beside the freshly dug grave, the man took a small moment of silence and then cleared his throat. “So now… I guess we should get back to our usual work. I’m still not confident on this plan for attacking the Reds, but I’m glad that you’re still here. I don’t know what I’d do if you weren’t.”

At the time, Tucker had informed Church how “totally gay” that was, but afterwards he had savoured the words. Especially when Texas arrived in their canyon.

It wasn’t that Tucker hated Church’s girlfriend. He’d known that there was someone else in the man’s life, just as there had been girls back home for Tucker. But he’d sort of assumed that the girls back home would stay back home, not magically appear in Blood Gulch to try to kill everyone. The arrival of Caboose had been bad enough for their team dynamic, and Church was growing bitchier and grumpier by the day. So, really, it wasn’t that Tucker hated Church’s girlfriend. It was that everyone hated Church’s girlfriend.

“She sucks,” Tucker informed Church one day as they were sitting inside. Tex was outside with Sheila, probably talking about tampons or machine guns or something. Caboose was cleaning his gun beside them, but Tucker didn’t care anymore. It was enough to have a moment with Church without Tex, even if the village idiot was in the room.

Church turned to look at Tucker. “Who?” What a stupid reply. Who? Who else? Did any other people in this canyon answer to female pronouns?

“Your girlfriend,” Tucker explained as though Church was a child. “She totally sucks, dude. Nobody likes her. You don’t even like her.”

Church stared at him. “Of course I like her. She’s my girlfriend.”

The aqua soldier felt a rush of guilt and sadness, rushing up from his toes to his flushed cheeks. “Well—you’re always saying how much you hate her.”

“Yeah, ’cause she’s a massive bitch.” Church raised an eyebrow. “I fucking hate her—that doesn’t mean I don’t love her.”

Love. Oh. Tucker coughed a little, and then turned away, pulling out his own gun and mimicking Caboose. A distraction was exactly what he needed right now.

“Wait, why?” Church pressed. “What prompted that?”

“Nothing,” Tucker snapped. “I just—think you should be with someone better. That’s all.”

Church’s eyes hadn’t left Tucker for one second. After a prolonged awkward moment of silence, Tucker glanced back over to him, and saw that Church was still facing him. Tucker was more grateful than ever for his helmet, as he was sure he looked flustered and upset beyond belief.

Church said nothing, and Tucker’s own heart flew up into his throat, and then Church said quietly, “Someone like who?”

“I…” Tucker was at a loss, because every part of his mind was screaming “me