understanding of the human body is indeed quite lacking. And what of those whose Aura is underdeveloped? To what extent does Aura influence the life of the average person compared to the huntsman? There is still so much to learn. I must answer these questions, not only for science, but also for my _


"Papa!"



A sweet, sing-song voice jolts me out of my typing just as a head of copper curls nearly crashes into me. I catch Penny just in time and swing her high into my arms, journal forgotten in a moment of bliss.



“Woah, careful there, sweetheart! We wouldn’t want you getting another boo-boo, now would we?”



Bringing her darling five-year-old face level with mine, I nuzzle her cheek and get a delighted squeal in return. My chest echoes her laughter with a rumble of its own, though a frown now tugs at the corners of my mouth as I lifted her higher, the weight barely noticeable. While she giggles and claps, I take in the week-old bruise just above her left elbow, still the same angry purple and showing no sign of improvement. The stretch of tendons, painfully visible beneath her paper-like skin. The way her bones feel like a bird’s beneath my fingers.



I sit her back down on her feet and let her skip away, still laughing and swinging her arms, but the humor has entirely drained from my face. 
She made it to five. There’s hope still. She made it to five.
 As if from a great distance, I watch Penny careen into my wife’s legs. Her murmured reproach falls on deaf ears as the energetic girl hops away, running headlong into the yard without a care in the world. 
After all, she still has time. She made it to five, past the terminal age in most cases. I still have time.



I sit heavily before the monitor with its open document once more, my fingers busily typing out the hope that slips through them with each passing day.




Please let there still be time

...


 

 


I spend nearly every waking hour at the lab now. The progress is entirely too slow. Penny can't wait for the Board of Directors to pass another budget increase, so I put in every extra man hour myself. It still isn't enough.



Penny's doctor confined her to bed rest last week.



I'm relieved for the excuse to be away from home, but a part of me feels guilty. It's just that seeing my darling Penny too weak to even walk from the bed to the kitchen anymore...



I don't sleep. Barely eat. These actions are meaningless if I can't find an answer - some way to save her. If I fail, nothing means anything at all.


 

 

 


I've been given a deadline. 



Two months. Maybe three, if she's lucky.



For the first time, I must seriously consider the possibility that I won’t watch her go to school and know the joy of making friends, of learning new things. I won’t worry about her going to her first prom, her first date. I won’t be able to attend her marriage. If we could have known things would turn out this way, would we have had a child at all? Is Penny happy with this life?



These are the things that fill my head as I return home for the first time this week. Walk in on Penny's sleeping form, serene, angelic. She looks so much like an exquisite porcelain doll in her fragile perfection. A tainted perfection. One that hides lies beneath the surface and among her defective bodily systems. I leave her room weeping softly and sit up with my wife until sunrise.



Then I return to the lab with an idea.


 

 

 


Tomorrow, Penny will have a new body.



I may lose my position at the facility for this, as the ethics of this last experiment are unlikely to be understood. No one has ever attempted to transfer a human soul to a synthetic body before. But there is only one result I'm concerned with, and one alone. 



This is where my Aura research has lead me. A doll suited to contain the brightest, most innocent soul. An outright fix for defective Aura is still years off - years we can't afford - so a functional body for my Penny to grow up in will have to do.



I touch her face and see her healthy for the first time in her life, the flesh feeling like real flesh beneath my fingertips, the copper curls shiny and strong. In the chair opposite, the real Penny slumps, wires snaking away to the machines that will create a miracle. Her eyes lay in shadow, sunken. Her hair is dull and loose. Dark veins weave intricate patterns beneath her translucent skin. The faint rise and fall of her chest is like the labored beating of a dying bird's wings.



I kiss her forehead and begin the process.




 

 


20 years later



I watch her mount the hill behind the house, the one with the tiny