him a wonderful surprise, as in flowers-and-puppies level of surprise. It made Remus wonder, with just a bit of sorrow, what the other man's been through to consider a bit of basic decency special.

"Oh," the Nice Weird Stranger said after a moment, "Right. Lily doesn't actually live with us but she comes over so often she might as well move in. And she's cool, really, except when they start flirting, then it gets embarrassing as all hell."

"How about the two of you stop flirting and give me your orders?" A dry voice interrupted them.

Remus could feel the flush creeping up his cheeks. Not daring to look at the other man, he cleared his throat. "One eggnog latte and a peppermint mocha please."

"Names?" The cashier continued sounding deeply unimpressed, now holding a paper cup and a marker in his hands.

"Er, Remus," he said, knowing that his name would be butchered, "for the eggnog."

The girl behind the counter didn't even have the time to give him a quizzical look before the other man said, "Sirius."

It took a few moments for Remus to register that as Nice Weird Stranger's name, during which the girl behind the counter blinked and asked, sounding almost pleasantly surprised, "Are you actually serious?"

"Yes, I'm actually Sirius." He looked way too pleased with himself.

"...Alright then. Wait over there for your drinks please." She gestured impatiently, already focusing on the next customer in the queue.

As they waited, Remus asked curiously, "Sirius, as in the dog star?"

"Yeah! I'm surprised you know it: so few people do. My family has a sort of fixation - which they call tradition, of course - on star names."

"I like it," Remus admitted.

Sirius smiled, genuine and just on this side of shy. "Thanks. And what about yourself? Have you a twin brother or just parents with an odd naming sense?"

"The latter. They both love mythology. So do I, honestly."

"Really?" Sirius looked delighted. "Please tell me you're an English major too? It'll fit my image of you so well."

Remus found himself laughing at that. "Right on. Classics, to be specific."

In turn, he learnt that Sirius was an arts student with a love for music, and that they shared several favourite bands. (Was there any way he could get more perfect?)

At that point, they picked up their drinks and headed out of the shop, walking down the street as they laughed over their Starbucks names - Areemas and Serius - together. It wasn't the direction Remus was supposed to go, but he had nowhere to be except home and he really found himself enjoying spending time with Sirius.

Still, he supposed he should ask... "Do you have anywhere you need to go?"

"Nah," Sirius replied quickly. "James and Lily are having a 'romantic night' together." He cringed. "I'm staying out as late as I can until it either gets too cold or too pathetic."

Remus smiled at him. "Well, my only friend Peter's out bar-hopping, so we can keep each other company if you'd like?"

"I'd like," Sirius said immediately, "Very much like. Yes. Kinda sad to be alone on Christmas Eve anyway, isn't it?"

Remus shrugged. "I suppose, but I don't really celebrate it. I went back to visit my parents in Scotland for Hanukkah, but I needed to get back to school, so here I am.” A small smile played at his lips. “And I do love London, enough that I kind of missed it when I was away.”

“It’s hard not to love it, isn’t it?” Sirius grinned, and though they’d barely known each other for half an hour, Remus could already tell there was a wistful edge to this one. “Your parents sound pretty amazing. My family might as well be on Uranus for how far away they seem. They’re like an alien species to me, though I suppose to them it’s the other way round. Hey, that makes me wonder, what’s your favourite book with aliens?”

It was a subject change about as subtle as an elephant stomping around on the rooftops, but Remus ran with it. “Ender’s Game,” he replied without even stopping to think about it, “Sci-fi classic.”

“I bet you just read it when you were a tiny child and got emotionally attached to it.”

Remus scoffed, mock-offended. “I’ll have you know that my judgment was a hundred percent objective, even as a 'tiny child'.” That was about the furthest thing from the truth ever, but it made Sirius laugh, so it didn’t bother him in the slightest.

"I just know I read it as