connect to the network on the mainland!"

"Because that's just what you need."

"It is, actually. It means I'll be able to solve all the city's problems from the comfort of my next beach vacation."

"It means you'll never get a vacation."

"Oh, go sit down and be good."

John bored holes in Rodney's skull with his eyes until Rodney finally looked up. "Did you want something?"

"I'm making eyes at you now," John informed him.

"Oh. Right," said Rodney cheerfully, putting down his ludicrously tiny screwdrivers and leaning forward with a hand on the side of John's face. John slipped his arms around Rodney's waist and kissed his parted lips.  

II

Rodney collapsed onto the pillow (balled-up jackets) and enjoyed about half a second of afterglow before crying "Oh!" and popping up again to go hunch over his tablet. John stretched and considered taking a nap. But the floor was hard and dirty, and it hadn't mattered in the face of sex, but it was getting uncomfortable now. He put on his T-shirt and looked around for something to play with or shoot.

He frowned when his eye fell on the abandoned laptop. He picked it up and waved it in Rodney's peripheral vision. "Aren't you using this?"

"Hm?"

"This. Using it."

Rodney spared him a glance. "No."

"Jeez, McKay. You make me haul it up a million stories--"

"So? You're a strapping lad. It's good for you. Check your email or something."

"You suck," said John. But he had nothing better to do, so he shrugged and logged on. John hadn't checked his email in so long there was a message from Kavanaugh.

Atlantis staff, Please refrain from sending messages to ALL USERS when they only pertain to certain individuals. We have a variety of user groups to choose from for a reason. Thank you for your cooperation.

Rodney had sent him several messages updating him on the status of game night. It was gratifying that Rodney hadn't actually stood him up that one time, but the guy had never caught on that John didn't reply to emails? He decided it was better late than never.

McKay, Rodney wrote:

>>I'll be like an hour late, so don't invade >>my coal mines. I'll bring Tab. >>Rodney

but mckay, i'm deathly allergic! i hope you receive this in time!!

"Ha ha," said Rodney a moment later, not looking up.

There was another message from Rodney, but it was a global mailing of the kind Kavanaugh hated, simply reading "You've got to be kidding me." John found the reason.

Hello Atlantis, Rodney McKay has just informed me that Cissie Ferrarella, one of our enterprising new programmers, has written a database to help us get to know each other.

John could just imagine how that conversation had gone down.

She'd added that part because of Ronon, probably, although John sincerely doubted that Ronon had been inspired by this diplomatically inclusive email to log on to the Atlantis Facebook.

"Facegate?" John repeated aloud, incredulous.

"God, I know," moaned Rodney.

"It sounds like a presidential scandal."

Rodney snorted.

Annoyingly, Facegate made John fill out a profile before he could see anyone else's. His name and photograph were already provided. It asked for a nickname, and he perversely typed, "sheppard."

He answered the next two questions seriously:

But the spirit of perversity overwhelmed him when it got more personal than that, and he pulled the dropdown menus to their limits.

He debated whether he was committed enough to the cause of nontruth to choose "female," and was delighted to find the "unspecified" option. He liked the idea going to the trouble to select "unspecified" on an optional question. He wished he could do it for every one, and be aggressively uninformative.

He settled for being plain old uninformative and not filling out the creepy stalker computer dating fields. After "General Interests" he wrote "yes please," and then decided he was done.

Filled with a sense of accomplishment, he searched for Ronon, and was alarmed to discover a profile.

The clarification was strangely charming.

How was it complicated? John realized he didn't know much of anything about Ronon's personal life. Probably for the best.

John was struck with a flash of insight. When he'd asked Ronon why he kept muttering threateningly at Chuck in the gateroom, Ronon had complained, "He's always changing his favorite movie."

Unsure how to respond, John had asked, "So?"

"Favorite is favorite," said Ronon firmly. Ronon was very committed to his favorites. After John showed him Die Hard, Ronon had refused to waste his time with any other movie, including the Die Hard sequels. Which, actually, was a good move on his part.

Teyla didn