spotted Yuu and plopped herself next to her formally dressed friend. 

“You must really like that dress,” Shinoa said as her eyes trailed to the change room Mitsuba went into. 

“Mika took me to keep it on,” Yuu said and Mitsuba walked out. Shinoa had to agree that Mitsuba looked good in blue.

“Hey idiot Yuu, how does it look?” Mitsuba said as she twirled around to look at the back of the dress. 

“You just called me an idiot, I’m not sure if you’re going to even take my opinion into consideration,” Yuu said and Mitsuba hummed in response. 

“Neither of you are useful,” Mitsuba sighed and walked over to take the pink dress. “Where’s Mika?” 

“Right here,” Mika said as she walked back to the group. Mitsuba opened her mouth to talk when a voice behind them gained Mika‘s attention. 

Yuu watched as Mika‘s golden curls swished as she turned her head around. Her hair fell over her shoulder and framed her face. Yuu could feel her cheeks heat up as Mika brushed her hair behind her ear as she talked. 

Yuu forcibly turned her gaze away before her whole face heated up. It didn’t help that Shinoa had been teasing Yuu about her friendship with Mika. They were just really really good friends. 

“Hey Mika, what looks better, the blue or pink?” Yuu turned her attention back to her friends to see Mika standing by Mitsuba a green sash in her hand. 

“Mitsu-chan said that she liked the pink one. Why does Mika‘s opinion matter all of a sudden?” Yuu looked over at Shinoa who was chewing at her nail. Yuu didn’t know why Shinoa was so mad at Mika. Or why he felt ignored as Mika laughed at something Mitsuba said. 

It wasn’t until Mitsuba closed the door to the change room that Yuu realized Mika was making her way over to them. 

“Do you need some help standing up Yuu-chan?” Yuu shook her head and pushed herself off the comforts of the soft couch. Yuu wanted to stretch her limbs but the restrictive dress refused to cooperate with her. 

She closed her eyes and yawned. She grumbled something under her breath and Mika laughed. She was saying something so incoherent that she’s not even sure what Mika was laughing at. 

Yuu heard a click sound and was whirled around before she could open her eyes again. The first thing she noticed was the additional green stash tried around the waist and a little matching green bow clipped on the thin strap on the left. 

“How do you like it?” Mika said as she readjusted the little bow. 

“Wow.” 

“I’ll take it that you like it then.” Yuu chose the wrong moment to look at Mika‘s reflection in the mirror because she swore her face turned a million shades of red when she caught the dazzling smile on Mika‘s face. 

“I’m going to change out of this,” Yuu said and left for the changing room immediately. 

~ Pageant of the Hearts ~ 

Yuu didn’t know how she landed in this position. She was just sitting by one of the trees in the back when Mika came by and decided to take a nap with Yuu’s lap as her pillow. 

Mika never looked so tired. She literally looked like she would pass out any minute. Her complexion was already pale as it was. It worried Yuu when she first came in the classroom but the other was holding up during class. But even the teacher noticed that she was yawning in class and asked her if she wanted to rest in the nurse’s office, which she promptly rejected.

When Yoichi, being an angel he is, asked Mika her well-being, he learned that her parents were pestering her about the pageant and she didn’t get as much rest as she normally did. He immediately went to share it with the rest of his friends. 

Yuu felt bad because she was the one that told Krul. It seemed that Mika didn’t want her parents to know, for good reasons it seems. 

She also needed to talk to someone about what happened the day before. Yuu was going to talk to Yoichi so they decided on the meeting place away from their regular lunch spot. But yet Mika somehow found her and made herself comfortable on Yuu’s lap. 

Brushing away a lock of blonde hair, Yuu studied Mika‘s peaceful expression. It wasn’t until Yoichi called for her that she pulled her eyes away from the sleeping blonde. 

Yuu had no other choice. She needed to talk to someone about it before she does something and mess up everything. She couldn’t asked her parents about it as Guren’s just as bad with relationships as she was and Mahiru is not someone you go to about these things when you live with her.  

Yuu made the mistake once of telling her that she might like the boy that was moving away. Mahiru nearly ruined he father’s chance at a promotion to make the family stay. 

And from their close knitted group, she could only talk to