in sleep, but he was truly asleep.  He was still flushed, and a sheen of sweat was still visible on his forehead, and that caused Bruce to gently reach out to touch Tony's cheek.

His skin was warmer than usually, but not hot, and slightly damp from the sweat.  Bruce moved to grab Tony's wrist and found his pulse.  He counted the beats, and while he found the rate was still slightly elevated, especially for sleep, it was not so fast that there was cause of concern.

With his worry largely calmed, but still far from gone, he settled himself in an arm chair.  He could sleep later.

"Bruce?  Bruce?" Tony called, his voice sounding confused and almost frightened.

"I'm in the kitchen," his boyfriend called from the other room.

"Thank God you're here," he cried in relief as he sat up on the couch.  "I had some horrible Scotch at that thing I went to, and I'm starting to think it might have had something in it.  It didn't taste right.  

At first I thought it was just cheap, but then things started to go a little fuzzy.  I remember asking Happy to take me home, but I don't remember anything after that . . . . Well, other than that I had a horrible nightmare.  

I was being attacked by a big, yellow monster.  It wouldn't leave me alone.  I tried to get away, but it kept following me.  Then, all of the sudden you were there  . . .  and you were cowering on the floor and it looked like someone had beaten you."

The last part came out as a whisper as Bruce walked into the room carrying a steaming mug of tea.  Tony's eyes darted over the bruises on Bruce's face, the splint on his wrist, the blood on his yellow shirt, (which it now occurred to Bruce he should have changed), and then grew wide with horror.

"It wasn't a dream, was it?" Tony whispered in horror.

"No.  Well, not all of it," Bruce said gently.

"But how . . . .?   The yellow monster . . . That was you  . . . . I did that to you," the billionaire said mournfully as the pieces fell into place.

"You couldn't help it," Bruce consoled.

"'Couldn't help it?!?'  I couldn't not assault you?!?  I had no control over my fists; no control over my body?!?  How could you excuse my behavior?  I beat you!" Tony cried hysterically.

"You were drugged.  You were disconnected from reality and hallucinating.  I think it's safe to say that any decisions you made during that time weren't really your own," the other man tried to calm him with one hand held up with the palm out in a placating gesture.

"That's no excuse!  How badly did I hurt you?  I remember . . . I remember . . .  Trying to kill the monster . . . . And throwing rocks at it . . . Bruce, what did I do to you?" he said, his voice getting weaker and weaker until it dissolved into sobs.

"I'm okay," Bruce reassured, as he wrapped his sobbing boyfriend in a hug.

Tony tightly returned the hug, and Bruce involuntarily winced and drew in a sharp breath as the other man's arms put pressure on his broken ribs.

Tony pulled back from the hug, his expression pained and lost, "You're lying.  What did I do to you?"

Bruce made no attempt to answer him, he just re-enveloped him in a hug and rubbed his back in an attempt to calm him.

"Bruce?" he asked, pulling back again, his tone sharper but also more desperate.

His boyfriend made no attempt to hug him again, but also made no moves to answer him.

"I need to know," he said firmly, and waited a few minutes longer before changing his focus, "J, roll security footage of what happened."

"Sir, I . . ." 

"Now!" Tony barked.

The TV screen lit up with black and white footage of Bruce returning to the penthouse from the lab earlier that morning.  The pair watched as Bruce slowly approached Tony and then had his arm twisted painfully when he attempted to touch him.  Tony gasped, and Bruce turned away and refused to watch the rest.

"Bruce,  I . . . . I . . . ." Tony said brokenly after he had finished watching the footage.

He was disgusted at what he had seen.  He'd done terrible things to Bruce.  He could hardly believe it.  It all seemed so unreal.  He had broken Bruce's bones.  He had made him bleed.  That was unforgivable.  

"Tony, I forgive you.  I know you weren't yourself," Bruce answered gently, trying to meet Tony's eyes with his.

Bruce's eyes were so soft, so kind, so understanding.  It made Tony that much