, among them the blonde Slytherin as well as our friends and House mates. The Slytherin boy glanced quickly at us before focusing on his own House table. He sent that infuriatig, stupid smirk my way again and I scoffed.

Hermione bent towards me. "He likes you", she said and took a bite of the apple. I stared at her, wanting to tell her she was wrong but the arrival of our friends distracted me.

They bade us a good morning and soon enough Hermione and I noticed something was rather off.

"Where's Ron?" Hermione asked with knitted brows.

"Eating breakfast with Maxine", Seamus replied, wiggling his eyebrows. Hermione scoffed.

"It's Friday", I said in understanding, Hermione raised a brow at me as if wanting me to explain. "They usually eat breakfast playing chess, preparing for the weekend filled with it", I explained. Except tomorrow when we're going to Hogsmeade, that's the only Saturday they actually leave… I don't really know where they're at to be honest. Ron's not telling me much, with Hermione here I barely even talk to him anymore.

"And Merlin knows what else", Seamus said. Hermione turned to him with wide eyes.

"Seamus is just teasing", I reassured her.

"Transfiguration begins soon", Hermione said and stood up. She then proceeded to look at me, lifting a brow. I sighed.

"See you later, guys", I said and followed her.

"You're wrong", I told Hermione as we exited the Great Hall on our way to Transfiguration.

"About what?" she asked, lifting a brow at me.

"About Malfoy liking me is what", I explained, she chuckled. "There has to be another reason."

"Okay", she responded.

"Okay, what?"

"Maybe he doesn't like you, maybe he kissed you for another reason", she said. I stopped in my tracks as if punched and then sped up to walk beside her again.

"Kissed me? He's not kissed me, are you mental! He knows I'd probably-"

"Jinx him if he did?" Hermione finished my sentence and I nodded. "Tell me again about your symptoms." I didn't like that tone on her voice, it was almost mocking or perhaps disbelief. Probably both.

"I've already told you", I said and Hermione rolled her eyes. "I felt kind of warm. My body was shivering and a bit tingly and fuzzy", I explained, brows furrowed..

"And your lips?" I glanced sideways at Hermione. What importance did my lips do?

"They were tingling, and a bit wet. I mean that's not normal, is it?" I asked. Which means I had to have been cursed by the git, right?

"Let's just say that if Malfoy wanted to kiss you, I bet he would have done it when you wouldn't have noticed."

"You've completely lost me, Hermione", I announced and she sighed.

"Think, Harry. What did the potion do? The potion of which you got all these symptoms off?" She sounded frustrated.

"The Pause Potion? It froze time for five seconds."

"Exactly!"

"What does that have to do with anything?" I asked. Hermione groaned frustrated and shoved me towards the closest wall to where we were walking in the hallway, her arms crossed as she looked at me intently.

"If Malfoy would want to kiss you he'd do it when you wouldn't notice, correct?" I nodded. "The potion he drank before you started feeling 'odd' was a Pause Potion, freezing the moment for five seconds. He'd then have five seconds during which he could have kissed you. After Malfoy had drunk the potion did you feel dizzy, warm, shivery?" Again, I nodded. "Were your lips warm, tingly and wet?" I nodded, confused. I'd already told her I felt all these things.

"What are you saying?"

Hermione pinched the bridge of her nose in frustration. "These are all symptoms, not of a Pause Potion, but of a kiss! Draco Malfoy, pureblood, proud Slytherin, ex Death Eater and Slytherin Prefect kissed the Chosen One when he didn't risk getting a punch on his pale, pureblood nose!"

"Hermione", I wanted to argue but she cut it off.

"Malfoy likes you, Harry. Merlin knows for how long", she said as if final and then strode towards the classroom as fast as she could as if she dared me to ask another question, or even catch up with her.

It wasn't my fault Hermione was wrong. The whole trip to Australia must have messed with her head. There had to be another explanation. The first thing I could do was to prove her wrong, that the way I'd feel after a kiss and the way you feel when jinxed are not the same. Which meant…

I had to find someone to kiss