. “But you know what I know?”
“Is it about the thing?” Ty Lee grinned back at her. Zuko had never really understood that particular friendship. “The special thing?”
“Of course.” Azula turned to grin at Zuko and by proxy Mai. It took most of Zuko’s willpower to not join Mai as she rolled her eyes at their antics. “What I know is that father got the beach house all set up so I can bring whoever I want there over break. You are of course welcome to come, assuming Uncle will allow you that much freedom.”
“I’m going! So’s Mai.” Ty Lee said in a sing song voice that dragged Mai’s name out into more syllables that Zuko would have thought possible.
“I will come.” Zuko nodded to Azula. “Assuming Uncle has no objections of course.”
As it turned out Iroh in fact had zero protests once he knew that Ozai would not be at the beach house. Zuko decided his uncle probably didn’t need to know that Azula was helping him communicate with his father, especially not now that he seemed so supportive of the Azula and Zuko speaking to each other. Iroh called it building a loving sibling relationship. So when school ended for the break Iroh drove Zuko and his small suite case out to the family beach house and dropped him off to spend the week with his sister and her friends. Most of the week past in a bit of a blur of beach parties and house parties, and one particularly interesting volleyball game. As it turned out most of the beach houses in the are were also full of mostly unsupervised teens. During one particularly loud party nearing the end of the week Zuko escaped out onto the beach only to find the Mai was already in the spot he’d intended to hide out in. She was leaning against the cliff wall that created the little alcove, which was unfortunately to small for Zuko to leave without her noticing.
“You decided to sulk on the beach instead of enjoying the party again?” Mai asked looking at him out of the corner of her eye.
“I don’t sulk.” Zuko glared at her. “They’re just so, loud and happy. It pisses me off.”
“Welcome to the club.” She gestured for him to join her in leaning against the cliff.
“Heh,” Zuko rubbed his neck as he leaned next to her looking out at the water. “You two then?”
“That’s what I just said.” Mai made a small breathy noise that for her almost qualified as laughter.
Zuko nodded without saying anything. The two of them stayed like that in silence for some time as the sounds of the party swelled and eventually died out behind them. It wasn’t long until Azula and Ty Lee found them cracking comments about how misery did apparently love company. Though it only took Mai a few words to distract them both from their teasing.
“Seems like a good night for a bonfire.” She said quietly as soon as the other two took a breath.
“Let’s do it!” Ty Lee practically squealed grabbing Azula’s hand and bouncing. Then she took off, cartwheeling once or twice on her way. “I’ll go find some drift wood!”
Azula rolled her eyes but gathered driftwood with the others anyway. They met up in the same alcove after a few minutes and piled the wood together. It only took one try for Azula to make it catch and the lot of them settled around the fire happy for the moment to just enjoy the warmth. Which of course didn’t last long.
“You know those boys weren’t laughing with you right Ty Lee?” Azula looked over at the girl apparently picking up a conversation they’d been having before arriving at the beach, one that by Ty Lee’s face she was rather hoping Azula would have let drop. “Everyone thinks you look ridiculous when you pull the circus freak act. Most people get over Gymnastics by the end of elementary.”
“They can laugh at me all they want.” Ty Lee rolled her eyes. “You want to know why I stuck with gymnastics?”
“Oh boy here we go.” Azula sighed looking almost disdainfully at Ty Lee.
“There are six of us Azula. Six. Every single one of my sisters looks exactly like me. Do you have any idea what that’s like? Growing up as part of a matched set?” Ty Lee glared at her. “At least I’m different now. Circus freak is a compliment.”
“I guess that explains your need to flirt with everything that moves too.” Mai said dryly looking at the girl.
“I’m sorry. What?” Ty Lee turned her glare on Mai instead.
“Attention issues.” Mai said like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “You couldn’t get enough attention as a child so you’re trying to make up for it now.”
“What explains you then?” Ty Lee glare fading to something more mocking. “You were an only child until a year or two ago