Moments such as those were rare in his brief life.
           When I had waited as long as I dared, I leaned close to him and smelled his hair. I pressed a kiss to his forehead and allowed myself to call him young master one last time. And then I left.
           That very moment stands out sharply in retrospect. The end of an era, however brief. Nothing has ever been so difficult to accomplish as simply stepping over the threshold of the manor house and not looking back. I was no longer in the service of family Phantomhive.
           The contract that he and I made was impossible to destroy. Even my blatant violation of the terms upon which we had agreed could not void the bond. Our contract was eternal and so too were the signs of it. He most likely carried the seal in his eye until the day he died. The black lines of the mark are still etched on the back of my left hand.
           Though I could not erase the physical demarcations of our agreement, I was able to sever one small part. With great effort, I terminated the connection it had once afforded us. No longer would I feel the pull at the back of my mind when he thought of me. His voice would no longer echo in my ears when he called for me regardless of distance. There were no illusions about the fact that he would. When he woke and found that I was not at his bedside, he would summon me. I did not want to hear his voice as he wondered why I did not appear at his side the instant he called out for me. This one small kindness for myself was what I thought best. I tried to forget the impetuous young earl I had once served.
           Only within the year, since entering a contract with my new master, have I ventured to see what happened to Ciel Phantomhive. So much time had passed even for one such as myself that I did not expect the pain that came with learning that he had passed away only two years following my departure. No matter how skilled his servants, they could not save him from the assassin that took his life. Pneumonia. Humans are so fragile.

           Some fourteen months ago, desperation summoned me to a man dying in a New York City alleyway. Mugged by someone with a large gun and little common sense, John Anderson was breathing his last atop a pile of rotting food and refuse. We struck a bargain. For the time being, he is the one I call master.
           At the outset of our agreement, I found his contradicting ideals of class and filth intriguing. Little time passed before his true nature became apparent. He is a disgusting creature who does not properly merit being called a man. Countless souls have passed before me and I have taken their souls in exchange for whatever happiness they wish of me. Few of them have been as foolish as this. Mr. Anderson has only one idea of happiness: money. His dying desire was not to live, to see revenge or even for the safety of a loved one. He was concerned entirely with his wallet. No wish or desire one could ask of a demon such as myself could be half as foolish. Wealth is fleeting and worthless like so much of Mr. Anderson's life.
           More than once, I have wondered if my new master comprehends the bargain we made. He has no regards for terms or eventualities. Most humans insist on giving me a name or a title, something to degrade my existence and make them feel as though they are in control of their own brief spark. Mr. Anderson has not done so. He instructed me to use whatever name I desired. Not out of kindness, but out of a lack of care or concern. I am a triviality not even worthy of consideration in his eyes. And yet, by that bidding, I am still Sebastian Michaelis.
           My master's love of wealth and the lack of awareness for the demon he keeps are only the start of his carelessness. He works by day as a trader on Wall Street. His nights are filled with the entertainment of women and narcotics. Wealth may be his ultimate goal but he frequently spends beyond his means. I am uncertain whether that is out of sheer stupidity or some insane, ingenious attempt to avoid the end of our agreement. Occasionally, he humiliates me for his own enjoyment as well. I detest him.
           This ill-suited arrangement has a single advantage. Because I am treated as little more than a dog, my presence is required only once per day and rarely beyond that. When he desires to contact me, he insists on using a cellular phone maintained for that particular purpose. He has only used it once. At all other times, I am expected to stay out of sight and out of mind. He prefers to imagine that his life is not tied to something he cannot comprehend. To this end, he keeps an apartment for my use. This suits my tastes as I do not have to interact with him any more than is absolutely necessary.
           Mr. Anderson has created a situation he considers ideal. He benefits without concern for anyone else