“I’ve sent the coordinates of the nearest Star Destroyer, Annihilation, to your onboard computer. We expect to see you within the standard day cycle. Nice work, FN-2187. That will be all.”

“Thank you, Captain,” Finn repeated as he closed the communicator.

Swallowing his fear, Poe tried again. “Finn, what is going on? The First Order? Help me out, buddy, because from where I’m sitting, this looks –”

“Bad for you? Yes, you do catch on quick.” Finn rose to his feet and handed the communicator off to one of the Stormtroopers posted by the door. “I’m taking you back in to custody. I helped you escape from the Finalizer because you were a useful alibi to endear myself to the Resistance. You’ve served your purpose, so I’m returning you to where you belong.”

Poe couldn’t help the way his jaw dropped, couldn’t help the way tears threatened to spill down his cheeks. This was Finn. He would never – could never! – betray the Resistance like this. Could never betray Poe like this. They had plans, Poe and Finn! Finn had only moved half of his belongings into Poe’s room before they left on this mission. To think that he was still working for the First Order this whole time? It made less than zero sense.

Still, Poe was having these thoughts from his knees behind the bars of a cell while Finn stared down and him and joked with Poe’s enemy.  

“Finn, please,” Poe pleaded, pushing down the embarrassment as he heard his own voice cracking, “just – just tell me what’s going on here.”

Finn shook his head and let out a small chuckle before reaching to a panel to the right of Poe’s cell. Poe felt the shocks course through him before he registered exactly what was happening, his body convulsing and sending him smashing back down onto the electrified cell floor.

Within seconds it was over, though of course it felt like much longer than that to Poe. He curled in on himself, trying to steady his distressed breathing.

Finn knelt down in front of the cell again, reaching through the bars and grabbing Poe forcibly by the shirt, pulling Poe up to face him.

“It’s FN-2187. Always has been, always will be.”

“I don’t believe you.”

“I don’t care.”

He shoved Poe back as he released his grip on Poe’s shirt, another unnecessary cruelty to add to the ever-growing list.

From his position on the floor, Poe watched the two Stormtroopers behind Finn nod at each other, followed by the one on the right activating some kind of device on the holocommunicator. Finn smiled down at Poe one more time before he joined the other two First Order goons as they exited the room.

Poe remained where they had left him, laying on his side in a daze while his silent tears collected in a puddle beneath his face.

---

Hours passed, maybe. It could have been minutes, it could have been days. Stars could have been born and then burned themselves out, it didn’t matter to Poe anymore. Finn had been a significant reason why Poe stayed in the fight. Conviction and belief in a cause is one thing, but it doesn’t always get you through the harder days. Those days required more than hope. More than a nebulous love for your friends, for your command, for the billions of life forms all depending on you to win this fight.

Those harder days required someone like Finn. No, not someone like Finn. Finn himself. Finn who was pure and good and wonderful and who Poe had loved and trusted without a second’s hesitation.

As he lay there on the floor feeling badly for himself, Poe refused to believe Finn had betrayed him.

As he heard blaster fire and shouting beyond the door, he still refused to believe it.

And as Finn came bursting through the door – alone – with a desperate and concerned look on his face, Poe could almost physically feel the tides turning back in their favor.

“Poe! Stars, I’m so, so sorry for all of this! Are you alright?”

He trusted Finn but still kept his distance, pushing himself up and back against the far wall of the small cell as he studied Finn’s face, searching for answers.

“Kriff, those bastards sure are thorough,” he whined, looking Poe over, careful not to touch him. “Poe, can I just –”

“Explain what the fuck is going on?” Poe bit back as he yanked himself away. “Yeah, I’d like that.”

Finn sighed, guiltily. “Of course, Poe. I owe you that and more. But I’ve loaded this ship with active explosives so we need to get into an escape pod like, right now, before we smash into the Annihilation, okay?”

Poe eyed him cautiously for an extra-long moment before nod-grunting at Finn and inching himself around