’s small pert ass grinding on his cock. Liam pulls at his hair to get him to look at him with a hard grip on his hip stopping him from moving, making Zayn whimper out "please daddy I'll be a good boy". 

"Touch me, daddy" he pleads and tries to move his hips but Liam's grip tightens on his waist making him gasp at the feeling. Liam stands up and manhandles Zayn into position by placing Zayn on the edge of the bed ass stuck up in the air. Liam massages his ass cheeks apart and then spits on his hole.
"Oh god" Zayn's groans as his hands scramble to grip the sheets above his head, Liam presses a thumb down and teasing his hole smearing the spit around. Giving a slight teasing push of his thumb.
Liam breaths hotly over Zayn’s hole leaning down and gives a wide stripe lick over his hole. He keeps doing that getting him, nice and wet for his cock. He waits for Zayn to  relax before plunging his tongue deeper into his hole. "Oh yes daddy" Zayn's voice is low and breathy. 

Liam stiffens his tongue and starts fucking into him and let’s Zayn push back against him so Zayn starts to ride his face  "fuck you taste so good". He pulls out his tongue pushing a finger all the way in Zayn squirms and whines out a moaned "fuck me, Wanna cum so bad daddy" 

"Already close baby boy? Gonna cum this fast" Zayn knows he's getting back at him for his comment. But he nods sweat matting his hair making him looked like a fucked up  mess already. 

Liam places him on the center of the bed, legs out spread and and in an open view for him, Liam bends of Zayn to the bedside drawer and grabs the lube with Zayn following every single move. He opens the cap and dribbles lube on his cock stroking himself and orders him to "turn around" 

Zayn is quick to comply. Liam gets two fingers in him prepping him and starts  jabbing his fingers hitting straight at that bundle of nerves. Zayn grinds down on the sheets but Liam brings out his hand  and spanks him "stay still" He pulls his fingers out wiping them on the sheets, putting his hands on Zayn’s petite waist to get closer and starts rubbing and slightly slapping his cock on Zayn's hole, Zayn moans trying to push back and take him in. Liam grips his waist hard and lands a harsh spank on again making Zayn gasp "such a cockslut for me" 

"Daddy please fuck me" 

Liam pushes in all the way. Zayn lets out a filthy moan at the feeling of him filling him and nearly splitting him in half. He feels him pulsing inside of him. He whimpers out a "move please".

Liam pulls back slowly groaning at the feeling of Zayn's tight heat and pushes in back again. He picks up his pace when he sees Zayn trying to push back to take more of him.
"You're mine yeah baby, your arse is mine now"
Pounding into Zayn. Zayn moans out "yours Liam, fuck faster please"
Liam spanks him harder "what did you call me?"
Zayn cries out gripping the sheets between his fingers "sorry, fuck. Sorry daddy" he whimpers.
"So close" Zayn says voice cracking from pleading. 

Liam pulls out completely and Zayn's on the verge of tears whines out that he needs to come so bad.
"Wanna come? Gotta work for it babe"
Liam lays on his back hands behind his head. 

"C'mere" 

Zayn gets up on weak knees crawling on bed straddling Liam eyes all glassy. He lifts himself up taking Liam's cock and pushes down on it all the way. Hands on Liam's chest he moves in figure eights wiping a tear falling from his eyes biting his lips and starts pulling himself up then pushing back down. Face contorted in pleasure as he bounces. Liam sits up from his position and settles his arm behind Zayn's back. While he latches his mouth on his nipple sucking and slightly nipping the hard bud, he pulls off and starts to tease and pinch his nipples between his fingers as he sucks bruises on his neck. 

"my good boy, so fucking tight around me" Zayn sobs at the praise.
"wanna be good for you" 

"You are baby"

Liam takes control and helps him up by lifting him up and bringing him hard down on him again. Zayn sits his feet on the bed, hands on Liam's shoulders and starts riding him faster the sound of skin on skin slapping against it each other and their moans filling the room "yeah just like that, so fucking good for me"

Zayn closes his eyes Cumming hard between them. He keeps fucking himself on Liam through it. Liam cums from how tight Zayn is clenching around him. He repositions and turns them settling Zayn on his back and fucks into him. Zayn milking him through his orgasm. When he pulls out, he's fast to fuck his dribbling come back into his boy.