sips her coffee and smiles. "A little nippy outside, don't you think? Especially when you're standing still."

And now John recognises her as the lady who smiled at him earlier. Great. He's got his own personal stalker. "Yes," he agrees.

"I don't ski myself," Mrs. Duval continues, clearly completely unable to take the hint that John wants to be alone. "Never had the knees for it. But my husband did and he taught our son, so I got used to tag along."

"Oh," John says, putting as much disinterest as he can muster into the single word.

"Then my Gene passed away a couple of years ago. Heart attack – you never see it coming, do you? But our boy and his family keep coming here and I keep tagging along out of habit." Mrs. Duval laughs. "I can't stand the girl he's married, but I want to spend as much time as possible with my grandchildren. Never know how much time you got left, see? How about you, Mr. Sheppard, are you a skier?"

"No," John says. He's really not intending to encourage her, but for some reason he continues, "I used to be."

"That's what I thought," Mrs Duval crows triumphantly. "I was watching you out there, you know." A quick grin. "And I'm old so I don't have to be ashamed of that, I don't care what my horrid daughter-in-law says about the need to keep up appearances. There was something in your eyes, like you wanted to be up there yourself. Did you have an accident?"

"Crashed a chopper," John answers, unconsciously stretching out his bad leg. "Two years ago." He really has no idea why he's telling her this. It's none of her business and he just wants to sit here in peace until Rodney and the Millers are ready to leave.

"Oh dear, that's terrible!" Mrs. Duval reaches out her hand and puts it over John's in a gesture that's probably meant to be compassionate. Her skin has that old-person feel to it, soft and a little dry, and John wants to snatch his fingers away. He's never been comfortable with strangers touching him, especially not meddling old ladies...

Mrs. Duval removes her hand. "I know what you're thinking," she says with a wry grin and a twinkle in her eye. "I'm an old busybody and I should leave you alone. Well, tough luck, mister. Like I said, when you've reached my age you don't have the time to be concerned about what other people think about you anymore. You look like a man who could use some company and if you want me to leave you'll have to damn well carry me away."

John can't help but smile at that. Mrs. Duval smiles back, sips her coffee and wrinkles her nose. "I know what this coffee needs," she says resolutely.

"What?" John asks. A little bit against his will, he's beginning to like this lady.

"Jägermeister," Mrs Duval says with a grin. "Would you like one as well?"

John considers it for a while and then comes to the conclusion that it could hardly make things any worse. "Why not?" he says and reaches for his wallet.

Mrs Duval waves her hand to stop him. "Oh no, this one's on me," she says, and then continues with a wicked smile, "You can buy the next round."

~ * ~

"Actually," John says a little later, "I have no fucking clue what I'm doing here."

"Is that so?" Lottie responds, stirring more sugar into her black coffee. They went from 'Mrs. Duval and Mr. Sheppard' to 'Lottie and John' somewhere around the second Jägermeister.

"Yeah." John leans back into his chair. "I mean, sure, Rodney asked me if I wanted to come but I could've just said no. I'll never ski again and anyone can see I don't belong here."

By now, Lottie knows practically John's whole life-story. (Except for the most unpleasant details about Afghanistan, because no one gets to know them but Rodney.) She's surprisingly easy to talk to; John really hadn't planned on letting her know anything of importance, but before he knew it, he was sitting there telling her all about Rodney, about Sacramento and Rodney's books, about Newton and the kids at the youth centre.

In return, Lottie has told John about her late husband, Gene. About his love for jigsaw puzzles and fishing, and about how when he died she thought the world had ended. ("But then I kept waking up in the morning and the world was still there outside the window and