valve.


And as much as I would have liked that, it would have been impossible because I’m married. Eren would never have had the courage to reach out to me and hold me. To me, this was not some sloppy mistake that I would regret afterwards. I have waited so long for this moment. I wanted to be his and wanted him to need me just as I need him. 


Levi passed his fingers through his undercut hair as he stared at his reflection in the mirror. To him, tonight was more than just 'fucking' Eren yeager. That term was a little cold and crude to his taste, perhaps he should refer using the word sleeping together instead. For know he wanted to avoid using the words making love afraid it might cause misunderstandings and he might come out too strong. He wasn’t the overly romantic type, but he would always remember this moment more than just a sex game. He didn’t care that he was risking himself a broken heart, because Eren to him was more than just a fling.

After his shower, Levi returned and walked over to the bed. He grinned gently, staring at Eren’s peaceful, snoring expression. He watched him for a while before muttering.

“What a peaceful looking face… ha, he really is just a brat.”


I wonder if I told him to stay with me, what kind of expression he would show me…


He gently shook Eren, waking him up. He brushed hands through Eren's brown hair. “Eren, its evening. I’m gonna finish with laundry. Feel free to take a shower in the downstairs’ bathroom. It’s down the hall to your left door.”

Eren mumbled, “Mmmm”

He then heard Levi’s footsteps fade away as the older man exited the room. The air conditioner hum could be heard in the room, aside from that it was quiet. Surprisingly, Eren didn’t feel strange or awkward after what had happened between them. The house also felt inviting and not intrusive.

Eren stifled a yawn and decided to take Levi’s offer and take a quick shower to rinse off the sweat. When he got out and redressed himself, he headed towards the living room where he heard music playing.

He reached the arch of the living room and found Levi folding children’s clothes. Isabel’s smile came into his mind and his own smile faltered a little. He approached Levi, the music playing now fading into the background as he kept his attention on the older man.

Levi hadn’t noticed Eren until he was standing a few feet in front of him. “Hey, you hungry? I can make you something, before you leave.”

“Do you always have a tendency to cheat on your husband? Because last time I checked ur married and yet ur acting like its normal to have ur lover, me, here.” Eren sounded angry.

“Lover that has a nice ring to it. Don’t worry about my husband. He’s not going to find out about us. And Eren, I don’t have a tendency to cheat on him. You’re my first infidelity. There was just something about you that enticed me.” Levi spoke with a gentle calmness.

Feeling himself calm down a little, Eren sat down next to Levi.

“Is it vengeance? Are you using me to get back at ur husband or are you looking for a pretext to divorce from him?”

“Neither, I just wanted to be with you. We had fun didn’t we? You really know how to treat me well in bed. Y’know, I haven’t had the chance enjoy this kind of intimacy in years.”

“Years, you mean….” Eren felt confused.

“My husband and I, we haven’t had sex in over three years now.” Levi informed him with a shrug of his shoulders. “I’m sure he has his lovers for that. One of them happened to be, one of our old friends, her name’s Hange. I’m not sure if he has a current lover, seeing as Hange got transferred to another city, related to her job or something like that.”

“And you don’t mind? What kind of fucking relationship do you guys have? This isn’t a healthy ambiance for Isabel to grow up with.”

Levi’s eyes got a dangerous glare to them, before he moved and straddled Eren. His forehead pressed against Eren’s. “Don’t speak ill of her upbringing. Isabel is happy with me and that’s all that matters to me. Besides, she knows nothing of Erwin’s infidelity. Erwin doesn’t know that I know either.”

“Oh….sorry” Eren breathed, feeling bad for criticizing while not knowing the whole situation.

“Don’t worry brat, I’m not mad.” His deep voice fell onto Eren’s lips.

Levi’s lips pressed against Eren. They kissed for a couple of moments, enjoying the feeling.

“Ah, I