Faith's leg overlapping hers.

Faith's tongue stabbed into her mouth, and Buffy gasped with surprise. It had  been so long since she'd been kissed by someone living. The heat of Faith's  mouth took her breath away. She expected Faith to taste of cigarettes, but  instead her breath was sharp and minty. Faith pressed her more firmly into the  mattress, her hand moving higher, one finger sliding along the underside of  Buffy's breast, into the soft hollow of her armpit.

Cautiously, Buffy allowed her tongue to meet Faith's, closing her eyes to better  concentrate on the feel of the kiss. It was almost like sparring, in some  strange way--circling and maneuvering for position, seeing who could come out on  top. She was sweating and panting and nothing but sensation and desire, and that  was like sparring also--at least, sparring with Faith. Faith's hand circled back  again, higher this time, pushing Buffy's shirt up to her collarbone.

All of the sudden Faith's fingers pinched her erect nipple, hard. Fire and pain  exploded inside her. Buffy bucked off the bed, her shout muffled by Faith's  mouth. She reared up into the kiss, fighting a little to twine Faith's tongue  firmly around hers. She wriggled, trying half-heartedly to free her arms, but  Faith's grip was steady on her wrists. Her fingers grew gentler on Buffy's  breast, soothing the hurt, leaving only the hot throb of pleasure. It spread,  joining the slick wetness between her thighs, where Faith's strong leg rested  against her pussy.

Buffy bucked up again, slowly, but more forcefully, and Faith gasped into the  kiss. Her hand started moving downwards again, over Buffy's stomach, descending  to where they were nearly joined together, and Buffy writhed, waiting for it,  waiting.

They both heard the sound at the same instant--the creak of floorboards under  someone's feet. Mom, coming upstairs. Buffy moaned, once, a frantic sound that  Faith ignored. The footsteps came closer--the top of the stairs--down the  hall--Buffy whimpered again, more urgently, as they heard the footsteps approach  the room. For a moment it seemed that Faith wouldn't stop, that the insistent,  bruising kiss would never end and Mom would walk in on them and--

Faith growled and rolled off her. Buffy barely had enough time to sit up and  yank her shirt down before her mom opened the door. Buffy held her breath, her  face flaming. Faith lay behind her on the bed, her head propped on her folded  arms, the mask of indifference firmly in place once more.

"Buffy?"

"Yeah, Mom?" Buffy wiped the back of her hand across her mouth, a quick, furtive  movement, rubbing away any trace of Faith's lipstick.

"I wanted to see how you were doing...any better since this morning?"

Buffy nodded. "I'm fine. But there's a demon--Faith and me are getting with the  slayage tonight. We won't be late."

Mom smiled knowingly. "Ah. Of course. You're going out slaying."

"Yeah," Buffy said, suddenly going cold. Had her mom heard them? Why the  wink-wink, nudge-nudge agreement? "What do you mean?"

"Not going out to the Bronze again?" Mom asked, raising her eyebrows. "Because  it occurs to me that the battle of good and evil is an excellent excuse to get  out of having a curfew, don't you think?"

"Oh--yeah--great," Buffy said, with an uneasy laugh. "Good one, Mom. I'll have  to use that one of these days. Destiny."

"Hmm," Mom said. "Well, you be safe. Nothing too dangerous."

"Don't worry, Mrs. S," Faith said, not getting up. "I'll keep an eye on her."

Buffy wondered if that was a promise or a threat. There was nothing in Faith's  voice to suggest she'd meant anything more than exactly what she said, but on  the other hand, it was Faith. And maybe she thought that this, between them,  meant something; but Buffy wasn't so sure.

Mom shook her head, leaning against the door jamb. "I meant both of you, Faith."  She eyed Faith affectionately. "Okay. Enough mothering. I guess you two know  what you're doing. I'll see you tomorrow."

When she left, Buffy sprang up as if the bed was on fire. Know what they were  doing? She had no clue what was going on, or why she'd let Faith go so far, or  why she'd been such an active, willing participant--knowing what she was doing  was about the last thing on her personal list of achievements. How could she go  out slaying like this? She'd--she'd lose control--worse, she'd lose