, tightening the coil of tension in his body as he felt precum leak from his cock. "Fuck," he gasped. He moaned with need when Alfred pulled away, leaving his cock hanging in the cold air.

"Is that an order, m'lord?" Alfred asked teasingly.

"Yes!" Arthur shouted, pulling a small vial of olive oil from his jacket pocket and tossing it into Alfred's hand.

The servant's lips quirked upward. "Do you do this often, m'lord?"

"Shut up and fuck me, farmboy."

"With pleasure, sir." No more teasing comments slipped from the lad's mouth as he pressed Arthur against the wooden wall, lifting him up by his ass. Arthur wrapped his legs around the servant's hips. With his back trapped against the wall, Arthur grabbed the servant's overall straps and used them as leverage to pull his head forward. He kissed the other man with passionate hunger, wanting to explore every warm corner of that sinfully delicious mouth.

"Ah!" Arthur gasped as he felt Alfred slide a slick finger between his butt cheeks. The initial discomfort passed once the servant found his prostrate and hit it hard, sending such a strong wave of pleasure through Arthur's body that he jerked his head and slammed it against the wall. Stars danced in front of Arthur's eyes as another slick finger joined the first. "Faster!" he demanded, worried that he would cum before the farmboy had even finished stretching him.

"Yes, m'lord," Alfred obliged, leaning forward to kiss Arthur as he added a third finger. A moment later, he readjusted his gloved hands, squeezing a firm butt cheek in each palm. The farmboy's eyes fluttered shut and he moaned in pleasure as he pressed his thick cock through Arthur's tight ring of muscles.

"Nnngh." Arthur sank onto the cock with a breathless, blissful moan. Riding waves of simultaneous pain and pleasure, he relaxed his legs and let Alfred do the hard work of holding him up against the wall. His back scraped up and down the wall as Alfred pounded him, but Arthur didn't care about ruining his jacket. His world narrowed to the intense pleasure coursing through his body. Each thrust left him moaning and begging for more. The fast pace was too much for his body to handle. As a jolt of fire shot through his veins, he cried out and came all over the farmboy's overalls. Feeling warm and sated, Arthur wrapped his arms around Alfred's neck and rode out his orgasm as the servant's thrusts grew more erratic. Lost in a delirious wave of pleasure, he felt the farmboy cum a moment later. They both panted for breath, creating a warm fog in the cold woodshed. Alfred pulled out and lowered Arthur gently until his feet touched the ground. They slumped together against the wall, both sweaty and satisfied.

"Is m'lord pleased?" Alfred asked, giving Arthur a cocky grin.

"Yes," Arthur breathed. "I shall require your services every night, farmboy."

"As you wish," Alfred said in a low, serious voice. He promptly ruined the moment by giggling as he wrapped his arms around Arthur's waist and nuzzled his neck. "You do know my father's a fisherman, right? I haven't worked on a farm since that one summer with my aunt and uncle."

"Shush," Arthur replied, content to rest his head on Alfred's shoulder and relax in his embrace. "You're ruining the realism."

"Pfft. I think we tossed realism out the window when you brought lubrication."

"Well, I was hardly going to do it without it." Arthur shook his head fondly and carded his fingers through Alfred's sweaty hair. "You know, I thought you'd call it quits when the logs fell down on my head."

"I was gonna," Alfred admitted, "But you still had a hard-on, so I figured you were okay and would just get mad if I didn't fuck you."

"Quite right." Arthur chuckled as he lowered his fingers to tug on Alfred's overall straps. "Pity about the stain. I like these very much."

"Yeah... I noticed," Alfred replied with a waggle of his eyebrows.

"And how vigorous you look chopping wood. And when you call me m'lord."

"Well, m'lord, now that we have the wood, we could have a fire tonight... and perhaps think of some other way to keep ourselves warm?"

"Oh, yes, farmboy. You bring your wood and I'll bring mine," Arthur agreed.

 Much later that day, Arthur lounged on his comfortable bed and watched Alfred tend the fire with half-lidded eyes. At his insistence, the farmboy had taken off his stained white shirt, exposing his bare muscles in the warm light of the glowing fire. Arthur could spend a long time admiring those tanned, taut muscles.

"Wouldn't you like to come sit by the fire