go to Hell? To save someone that was dead? What if they got stuck there? And, Hell was punishment for people who had done serious wrong in their lives, and Dean had been sent there. Did he deserve saving?

 

"No, we can't go to Hell. No one's going to Hell." Said Bobby firmly.

 

"Don't be so sure. I'm half demon; I wouldn't mind going, since I'm going to end up there anyways." Replied Jesse.

 

"Don't talk like that. You aren't going to Hell, Jesse." Megan snapped, annoyed at how easily he was willing to march into Hell.

 

"Speaking of Hell, demons have been tracking Ben and us ever since we took on his case. You think someone is sending them after us?" asked Bobby.

 

"Demons were watching Ben before we arrived, that's for sure. However, Keane’s attack was about me. Keane said he was looking for some information that only angels know of. But I was only half angel. So he was going to literally drill into my head to get it out of me." Shuddered Megan, not happy to think back to her close encounter with worse-than-death.

 

"Yes, I know that technique. While it works with full angels, I believe it would've only succeeded in killing you. Anyways, what did he want to know?" Pushed Bobby.

 

"He wanted to know who the next prophet was, but I don't even know what a prophet is." She sighed.

 

"Well, fear not. We happen to be standing in the world's leading database on the supernatural. I could look into it later." Jesse chipped in.

 

"Next on the list... Bobby, you're going to train Ben to be a hunter, or at least teach him how to defend himself."

 

Bobby didn't look her in the eyes, but didn't protest either. He knew she wouldn't budge. Jesse just leaned back in his chair and started messing with his hair. After a couple moments of silence, Megan cleared her throat and continued.

 

"I've been doing some thinking, and I did some digging on the computer. I think I found a demon-y looking case." she said, turning her computer towards the two boys.

 

"Multiple people found brutally tortured to death...Victims appear to be cult murders?" Bobby said the words out loud, unaware he was speaking as he was reading.

 

"Ah, I see why. Devil's traps were found, with normal hunter's gear. These weren't just murders; something killed hunters." said Jesse, holdings his face with his hands and staring at the computer with interest.

 

"And get this: unexplained traces of sulfur found all over the scene. Police think it was some sort of sacrifice, but this is obviously demons at work."

 

"Let's go get them, then. If these demons are brave enough to go after hunters, they need to be put down." said Bobby.

 

"Actually, I was thinking we could capture one. I was exploring the place and I found a dungeon. Check out these hand cuffs I found."

 

Megan set the hand cuffs on the table, and they had strange engravings on them that resembled devil's traps. Jesse's eyes showed a slight tint of fear and recognition before brushing it away and putting back his usual laid back look.

 

"Smart girl. Put those on any demon, and they'll be helpless. Someone put a powerful spell on those cuffs." remarked Jesse.

 

"I figured we could capture one and have it tell us what's up, you know?" chirped Megan, looking proud of her plan.

 

"That's a good idea. We need to know what's going on downstairs, and how to get there." Said Jesse.

 

Megan frowned. There he goes again. There was no way- well, there was no way she'd let any of them go. They'd need to find out a way to summon Dean; there was no way any of them were going to Hell. She could feel the same opinion coming off of Bobby, but they both remained silent.

 

"Alright. Jesse and I'll check out these demons and bring one back while you train Ben." said Megan, and they all nodded their heads in agreement.

 

"Bobby, when you aren't training, do some research. We need to find out about prophets and ways to rescue souls or take them from Hell."

 

He nodded, and the three got up simultaneously and trudged back to their rooms, exhausted and depressed.

 

----------------------------


Demons can be immobilized and made powerless by drawing a Devil’s trap, which is a six sided star, and having the demon face it directly, such as having it on the ceiling above them, or drawn on the floor.



----------------------------


 

Ben held the .22 in hand, pointing it towards the target. He inhaled, squeezed