a sisterly look, shaking her head where Teddy couldn’t see her. She dried her hands off on the dishtowel and ran them affectionately through Teddy’s hair. “It’s just one of his quirks,” she said. “He’ll figure it out, won’t you, Teddybear?”

Teddy nodded determinedly. “I have to if I want Gringotts to hire me, and I do. Professor Flitwick’s spoken to Professor Vector about getting me some extra reading next term, so I can catch up before third year when I take Arithmancy.”

Quite unwillingly, Harry and Draco shared a look. The kind they hadn’t shared in four years. Harry was a swamp of guilt, all heavy and weighed down by the muggy weight of it. He knew his life had taken a turn  somewhere. He knew that somewhere had been the day he and Draco took Teddy to the Ministry. It had been both the best and worst day of his life.

Somehow, they settled into dinner with little more being said about Teddy’s academic abilities. Neither Andromeda nor Narcissa suspected anything amiss with Teddy, but the worst thing… the worst thing was that even Teddy didn’t suspect. He went right on trusting the both of them, having no idea whatsoever the guilt and anger that had eaten up any possibility of love between Harry and Draco.

They’d tried. They’d both tried for years to repair the damage of their mistake, and still Teddy struggled. 

After dinner, Harry sucked it up and caught Draco by the elbow as he was heading for the Floo. Draco’s entire body tensed, and when he turned back to face Harry, he’d lost all expression from his face.

“Yes?” he said.

“I…” Harry said. He swallowed. “Can we talk?”

Draco scowled, but eventually nodded once. “Where?”

Harry bit his lip, and then, rather bravely he felt, said, “Come to mine.”

Draco stared hard at him for a long moment. “Fine,” he said. Harry nodded, took some powder from the dish on the mantle, and tossed it in the flames. “Grimmauld Place,” he said, and stepped in, hoping Draco would actually follow him through.



-x-

Draco narrowed his eyes. “I’ve work in the morning,” he said pointedly, and Harry felt a new wave of guilt at leaving him alone to the Auror Department. “I’ll have tea.”

“Tea it is,” Harry said with forced joviality.

He busied himself in the converted ground floor kitchen, setting the kettle to boil the non-magical way over a fire in his hearth, and arranging the tray with cups and the biscuits Harry always bought because Draco liked (but never ate and always ended up throwing away because he hated them and they went bad). But he had them now and that was good, wasn’t it?

When he’d taken as long as he feasibly could and had brought the tea things into the living room, he found Draco casually sat in the same chair he’d favoured every time he came to Harry’s before their… parting.

Harry smiled brightly. 

“So,” he said, setting the tray down on the table between them. “Teddy’s still struggling.”

“I was sure those tutors I got for him had made progress.”

“He had,” Harry agreed. “I remember sitting down with him last year, and he could almost remember sevens most of the time. He just kept referencing his cheat sheet, with seven tallies on it.”

Draco nodded, frowning as he stared into the middle distance. “I don’t understand the block,” he said. “Learning is fluid. One little messed up Obliviation should not have caused such long-term effects.”

Harry sighed. “I know. But it has. And we need to help him.”

“He can’t carry a cheat sheet around with him for the rest of his life,” Draco said.

“No,” Harry agreed, thinking. The silence stretched out as they struggled to come up with a solution. Suddenly, it hit him. “I’ve got it!” Harry said.

Draco quirked a single eyebrow.

“Calculators,” said Harry. He stood up and paced back and forth in his excitement. “Why didn’t I think of this sooner? It’s so obvious. All he needs is a little personal calculator—”

“A what,” said Draco.

“It’s a Muggle device,” Harry explained. “It will do math for you. You just type in the numbers and the mathematical expressions you want to use, and it calculates an answer.”

Draco frowned. “Teddy needs to learn the math. Not be given the answers.”

“He will learn it,” Harry insisted. “You have to know how to do the math in order to use a calculator. It just helps you get the right number. Muggles use them for quick math, or when doing very large equations, where the potential for human error is high