room this morning, an unknown man who wasn't friendly, wasn't attractive, wasn't the person that he'd given his virginity to. 

When he'd dispatched his previous victims, it'd been done with sorrow and pain, not an act of revenge or violence, only pure necessity. Right now, Armin felt he could kill for other reasons; passion, outrage, loneliness, love. Possessive nature in full force, the tiny male scowled across the grounds that were bathed in early afternoon sunshine, watching carefully as a butterfly flitted through the air, flashes of blue and black trailing over to the next sight to be angry at. Erwin sat peacefully, hands back on the soft grass as he smiled warmly, letting out a small laugh as the flying insect reached the stupid dark haired man, one who had to be called Alice at all times for some ridiculous reason. Juvenile features glared as a pale finger reached up in wonder, childish face alive with glee as the new arrival settled on the tip of his digit, wings flapping slowly in sedate stretches. 

"Oh Erwin look! He's come to say good afternoon!"

"Yes Alice. How beautiful."

"Good afternoon, Mr Bread And Butterfly. Can you imagine if that were really true?" Sighing at the fantasy, silver sparks glowed and a satisfied smile graced thin lips, head tilted at the joyful occasion. 

"It would be a thing to see, that's for sure." Only half paying attention, Erwin's thoughts were more on this morning when he had skipped breakfast to provide a surprise - delicate morsels labelled and set out perfectly on an exquisite china plate. Why not have cakes for the first meal of the day? Alice had been ecstatic, received the treat elegantly as always, ate correctly and tried to contain the excitement. That didn't last. Not long after and the girlish personality had practically begged to prove gratitude, something the custodian would never turn down. 

Smirking at the recollection, Erwin closed his eyes and saw it like the occurrence was in progress again - blushing, hollow cheeks sucking deeply on his shaft, small hums and whines of pleasure accompanying the dirty gesture which ultimately ended in a series of swallows and gulps, member cleaned thoroughly by an eager tongue. Any time the porcelain skinned man took a fancy for oral, it was intense and satisfying, the best the blonde had ever experienced; always had been, always would be. Over the past few days, he'd come to the realisation that despite everything else, this one person couldn't be discarded. All the others could disappear tomorrow but Alice…or Levi…they were required. 

Armin was aware of the body language, the comfort in how the two guys behaved around one another and snapped. Erwin was his and his alone. Striding over, he avoided being seen as the larger male still had his lids shut, basking in the warmth and the newest member of the hospital stopped by the pair, speaking softly in words soaked with venom. 

"Hey. You. What's your problem, Levi?"

"Wha…how…I don't very much appreciate your tone." Azure eyes snapped open and Erwin shot up at the sound of Alice disappearing slightly. 

"Armin stop…"

"Levi? That's what you're called, right? Or had you forgotten?"

"I…you…" Raven locks covered the strained face as a head was bowed, world shattering in splinters at the sound of a name so familiar, one which caused fear and pain. 

"Armin? I said…"

"Why didn't you come round this morning? I waited for you Erwin. Were you with Levi?" It broke the small yet powerful human, snarl pushed from between gritted teeth as the butterfly escaped the scene. The one it had taken refuge on sprung up, stopped in seconds by the caretaker with a tight grip around the tinier body. 

"Get the fuck away from me you little piece of shit." Armin stepped back involuntarily as the large, golden haired man reached for his side bag, ready to go if needed. Hatred burnt holes from steely orbs, molten pools cutting into the petulant teen and a serious threat was growled. "If you don't leave right now, I'll rip your heart out of your chest and shove it up your fucking ass."

"Armin, he's not joking. Move away."

"No." Arms crossed, he gave Erwin a look of defiance despite the patient's oath and he got close again. Close enough to make a move. "Not until you promise you'll never see Levi again." The nurse gaped. He knew it was bad but not this horrifically fucked. Little time remained before a nuclear explosion came tumbling down and he wanted to avoid drugs if possible, the tension in the form he held onto growing and close to meltdown. Taking evasive action, Erwin put on his best disapproving tone and addressed the antagonist. 

"Armin Arlert. Get your butt up to your room this instant or you'll be in solitary for a fucking week