.

 

The pain has been on and off–off being a noticeable dull throbbing in the middle of his chest. And on being the searing pain rendering him useless for a couple of minutes. So sleeping has been out of the question. Which gives him time to extensively research on the matter.

 

However, no matter how much he tries to look for an answer, it never appears.

 

Magnus covers his face with an overwhelming need to cry. “God, I’m glad no one has to see me like this.” He mutters into his palm.

 

Magnus flops down on the couch which he has taken permanent residency in for the past 48 hours. He doesn't conjure a drink, or food, he doesn’t feel much of anything, except for staring at the ceiling with tired eyes as the pain continues to permeate his headspace.

 

He doesn’t know how long he’s been staring at the ceiling when someone rings the doorbell, he shoots up, immediately regretting it as an ache shoots through his head. He groans, rubbing his temples as he snaps his fingers to make himself look decent.

 

He opened the front door. He nearly choked on his own spit.

 

“Alec.”

 

The moment he said his name the pain returned, a dull throbbing that’s terrifyingly quickly growing into the searing pain that he’s grown oh so familiar with. Magnus cleared his throat and led Alec into the living room.

 

“One moment please,” he said as he briskly walked to the bathroom. Damn, of all times.

 

Magnus grit his teeth as held onto his sink, his knuckles turning white, his breathing heavier by the second. The pain in his chest is spreading throughout his entire body, all the way to his fingertips, he pried his hand from the sink, in vain hope that his magic would not fail him this time. He snaps weakly, hand trembling as a stabbing pain crawled up his throat and blocked his airways. Magnus immediately started choking, his eyes felt hot, hands coming up to claw at his neck as he started hacking in an attempt to clear it.

 

After one particularly painful wet cough, something came out. Petals.

 

He clenched the petals in his fist. His mind going haywire, what does this mean? Is this even possible? Well, it must be since it’s happe—

 


 “...that’s why I proposed to Lydia.” 


 

“Aghk!” Magnus doubled over, his heart and his lungs felt like it was on fire. One hand clutched the sink--the other still clawing at his throat as he hacks out more blood and petals into the sink. He tried inhaling after his fit but didn’t notice the small petal that was still at the back of his mouth and ended up choking and coughing fit that made him gag and feel like throwing up.

 

After a moment the pain has been reduced to a dull throbbing once more.

 

He spat the remaining shitty petal out, there were unshed tears in his eyes, and his throat felt like it had been rubbed raw. He looked at the small pile of petals in the sink, they were covered in blood, but he could see a bit of white peeking through.

 

He turned the faucet on, watching as the petals swirl down the drain. Upon closer inspection, the petals weren’t exactly white, it had a very slight hint of blue. Then it finally hit Magnus, this is his first hint. Magnus quickly scooped out the rest of the petals before anymore fell down the drain, he then took a nearby towelette and dried them off.

 

“Magnus?”

 

Oh shit, he forgot that Alec was waiting by the foyer. He left the towelette full of the mysterious petals in the sink and quickly walked over to the doorway and led him to the living room. “My apologies for the wait,” he said, then, because he couldn't help himself, he continued:

 

“So, tired  of bickering over the guest list for your wedding?” Petty, but he’ll let himself have this one, what with all the shit that been happening to him lately.

 

“I need to ask you something,” Alec said, his voice stern and steady but he looked... tired, resigned, it hurt Magnus to see him like this, but his annoyance still took up most of his cranial capacity at the moment, so he set the thought aside for now.

 

“Will it take long?” Magnus asked as he started walking towards the minibar, “I have a life to live and there’s not much for us to talk about.” He said, making his drink to distract him from not just the dull throbbing, but from the way he could smell Alec's delicious cologne from where he stood.

 

“It’s not about me or...” Alec hesitated, “Any of that. This is about my sister.”

 

“Ohhh, I see.” Magnus said, as he put the newly mixed drink down and turned around to face him, “Are you referring to the fact that your adorable fiancee has Isabelle on trial for treason?” He raised his eyebrows almost mockingly,

 

A small