was a schoolgirl with a crush. 

Harry pulled away after another minute or two of kissing and smiled as he held Niall. "That was a much better reward than the bet. I'll play you in twenty kisses just like that if I don't have to pay you." He told Niall with a light humor in his voice. 

Niall let out a laugh as he held Harry as well. "That's all that was, Styles? A kiss good enough to pay back a twenty quid bet?" He he asked and shoved along his Chest after a moment. "I'll need forty of them. Spread out over a long long period of time." He informed him after he thought about it. 

Harry blanched and pinched Niall's hip. "Is that a joke? My kisses are worth 50 cents to you? That's all?" He asked in disbelief and mock hurt. 

Niall began to giggle at how outraged Harry was and he nodded as he pulled him close to kiss him again. "It's not my fault your kissing is subpar. I need extra to makeup for it. They're a quantity not quality type of deal." He explained and laughed again. 

Harry shook his head fondly and rolled his eyes as Niall. He pulled away so they could walk together and smiled to himself. This was going to be a great night. 

[+]

Harry was right about it being a good night at least. After golfing they had gone out to a pub for dinner. Harry had found them a quieter table in the back, a booth so they could sit comfortably. He got them their beers which Niall insisted he call pints and then ordered them their food. 

He listened to Niall talk as they drank- it seemed he could talk for ages. Harry was glad he was blind instead of mute because he thought Niall probably couldn't handle that in the slightest. He just smiled to himself as he listened to how energetically Niall told stories. He never seemed to run out. 

When their food came Niall assured Harry he could feed himself. It's almost as if he could sense that Harry was nervous about what Niall needed help with. Harry was just glad that he was so open about it. 

"I just learned to do a lot for meself." He explained as he touched around his plate for the chips. "My mum was the same you are with me. But much more adamant about helping. Insisted I couldn't do it without help without making a mess. So I started to learn, because there really isn't anything more embarrassing than your mum feeding you when you're fifteen." He informed Harry. 

Harry laughed and picked his burger up. "I imagine it's just a lot more touching your food than others. But you manage still."

Niall nodded his head in agreement. "Basically. Which is apparently why I can't be taken nice places. It doesn't go as well when I try to cut steak or eat a side of mash." 

Harry let out a squawk of a laugh and slapped his hand over his mouth when he realized the noise he had made.  

It only made Niall laugh as he drank his pint and he had to stop drinking and everything to calm down. 

Harry blushed furiously and covered his face even if Niall couldn't see. 

It's almost as if Niall sensed his discomfort and he reached out for Harry's hand but rested on his arm instead. "Hey, hey. Don't be upset. It was funny. I like your laugh." He promised and smiled at him. "Don't ever hide that from me." 

Harry watched him for a moment before he nodded and placed a hand over Niall's. 

They spent the rest of dinner in much the same way, Niall telling stories to make Harry laugh loudly, even getting into a competition with himself to see how loud he could make him laugh. Harry's sides hurt by the end of the evening and there were tears on his cheeks. He paid for their meal and was soon on Niall's doorstep to wish him a goodnight. 

"So this is a do again." He said conversationally as he leaned against Niall's door. 

Niall smiled and nodded up at him. "It is. You can't get rid of me until I get my... 48 remaining kisses." He informed him. 

Harry chuckled and placed a hand on Niall's hip. "Of course not. Wouldn't dream of cheating you out of your prize you so rightfully won." 

Niall shook his head at Harry and leaned into him a bit. "If I didn't have class tomorrow I would invite you in." He murmured and brushed his lips over Harry's chin. 

Harry hummed low in his throat and squeezed Niall's hip gently. "I have an early class as well. Otherwise I would too." He said softly and smiled. "Just another excuse for next time." 

Niall nodded and as much as he really didn't want to leave he knew he had to