and they definitely can't talk back. Now, all they are is dust that's been blown away from their places of death," They raised their free hand, wiggling their fingers soiled by their sins, "and carried with me all this way. You can say goodbye to what's left of them if you want. Then again," Their eyes fixed him with an accusing look, "they are clearly worth as much to you as dust is."

"...What are you talking about now?" He should just begin his assault now, end the human's blabbering, but... this was new, a blessed respite from their endless, monotonous battling no matter how horrible it was in actuality. Curious, he allowed it to continue.

"The promise." The child hissed, drawing out the 's'. "Or does dear, sweet Toriel's word mean so little to you that you've forgotten it already?"

A cold chill raced down his spine. "...How do you know her name?"

The grin turned impish, playful and demonic at once. "You told me of a woman in the Ruins you used to trade those lovely puns of yours with and how you made a promise to protect a human if you saw them. Not here of course, but somewhere and somewhen else when we were on better terms. Anyway, knowing that and a few other tidbits of information, I put two and two together and figured that it was Toriel you were talking about. And my suspicions were confirmed when you two finally met and hit it off like old friends."

A vision flashed in his mind of a photograph that was his only remaining memory of happier times, a photograph in which monsters he knew—Papyrus, Undyne, even the king himself—and monsters he didn't know such as the sweet-looking woman who seemed so much like the king were all grouped together, unconcerned and even thrilled by the human in their midst.

The same human that now stood before him.

They couldn't be lying, not about that. His room was constantly locked along with the house itself, so they couldn't have merely seen the picture. His reports were accurate then; this child held knowledge about other timelines, if not outright power over them. The question was, how much knowledge did they possess? "...What else do you know?"

"I know how nice she was. How she treated me like one of her own." They giggled, high-pitched and unhinged. "But I suppose that is because I am one of her own, or at least, I was at one time. The sentimental old goat couldn't see fit to let me go even after all this time, so I made her, though it certainly wasn't in the way she was thinking of."

They crossed their arms behind their back and paced to the side, head tilted up to look at the stained glass window bearing the sigil of the kingdom. "I know too that that disgusting niceness ran in that family of hers. The king is still cloyingly sweet now, I'm assuming? Knowing him, he'll offer me a cup of tea before I break his soul." Their head rolled on their neck, lolling to look at him. "I know that he's just beyond here, just beyond you. I just need to kill you and then I can destroy the hopes of what little monsters remain. Hell, maybe those monsters are waiting with him. There's only so many places you can go to flee underground, so perhaps dear Doctor Alphys is stammering on a conversation with him at this very moment."

Turning to face him fully once more, their hands dropped back to their sides. "Ah, Alphys. She committed sins too, you know. Merged her own brethren into grotesque things which could truly be called monsters. And yet, do I see you judging her for it? No, of course not."

"She regrets her sins. She tries to repent for them. You, on the other hand, continue to sin and will continue to sin unless you are stopped." He replied quietly. Anger was boiling within him, fists shaking in his pockets from how casually this child was talking about how they had murdered people they had clearly known. He knew who the child would inevitably talk about, knew he wouldn't be able to stand it, but his hands remained tucked in his jacket. This was his punishment for not acting earlier and, unlike the human, he would willingly suffer through it.

"Oh yes, she's doing a fantastic job at repenting for them. Hiding herself and her sins from the world is a wonderful way to make up for them. Why, it even helped get her darling little crush killed." Another giggle as the human pressed their hands against their cheeks, depositing the chalky white dust on their face. "Undyne was fighting for her sake too, you know. She was ever-so determined to keep sweet little Alphys safe from me. And yet, while she was dying, Alphys was merely watching it