you took a break earlier than me, eh?”

“Not that many people to buy for.”

“Oh, I don't get that lucky,” Arthur mused. “It was bad enough when it was just the three of us and the management at work I had to get things for. Now my bloody sister had to go and get married and spawn.” That earned a chuckle from the other side.

“Lucky me, no sibs. Just mum, Gaius and a few friends.”

“No girlfriend?” Arthur wasn't even going to try to lie to himself – he was stressed-out in a mostly deserted mall bathroom with another bloke. If there was any chance at all, he was going to bloody well take it.

“Nah, not my thing.”

“Yeah, me either.” Arthur got a bit nervous then – despite the prevalence of it in clubs and other areas, he had never been a giant fan of bathroom sex. Not to mention he wasn't even sure if he had anything on him to do it with. Sure would be nice, though.

“No boyfriend for you to buy for either, then?”

The question startled Arthur, but he realized it was probably just his companion making sure he'd heard correctly. “Nope. Not really dating right now.”

“Shame. You sound sexy.”

Arthur blushed a bit despite being alone. Flirting was something he'd not done in quite awhile and he'd forgotten how nice it could be. “Yeah?”

“Bet you're one of those well-dressed corporate types. Likes wearing suits and ties.” The tone of the other man's voice changed just a bit with that comment and Arthur's dick took notice. “Wearing one now?”

“No,” Arthur managed to say in calm voice. “Button-down, though.”

“Belt?”

Dear God. “Yeah.”

“Mmmm,” was the only response to that and Arthur felt equally relieved and disappointed.

“What's your name?” Generally Arthur didn't care in these situations but for some reason he wanted to know who this guy was.

“Merlin.”

“Interesting name.”

“Old family name, evidently. You?”

“Arthur.”

Again, that low sexy chuckle. “That's very posh and corporate, I'll give you that.”

“Thanks, I think.” Arthur had enough of sitting on the uncomfortable seat, so he got up, carefully tucked his budding erection into his pants and opened the door.

“Where you going?” The voice was once again normal and even a bit unsure. Normally, Arthur would probably play a bit, talk about how busy and important he was and how he couldn't just sit idly in a bathroom stall all day making small talk. Today, though, he wasn't that Arthur – he was the small, scared Arthur he usually never let anyone see. The one who was hiding in the toilets to avoid Christmas shopping. Somehow he got the feeling Merlin would see right through it.

“Nowhere. Just tired of sitting. Besides, I'm not much for imagining so I was hoping to find out what you're wearing in person.”

After a few moments of silence, Arthur got a bit concerned. “Merlin? You alright in there?”

“Yeah,” came the soft reply in an entirely different tone than the flirty one Arthur had been hearing thus-far. “Just, be out in a second.”

Arthur had a momentary panic-attack. What if his flirty companion was underage? Maybe he didn't want anything but a mutual fantasy session and Arthur was scaring him off? Arthur blamed his own overactive imagination for what happened next.

Merlin opened his own door and the first words out of Arthur's mouth were “You're not underage, are you?”

“Wow, if that's the best you can do I think we should go back into our stalls.”

Arthur's eyebrows shot up as he took in the sight of Merlin. He was exactly the opposite of Arthur's normal type – not quite twink but still skinny and rather punk looking. Oh god, he was probably a vegetarian or something. “Sorry, it's just...” Arthur waved his hand to indicate Merlin's skinny but admittedly well-fitting jeans and t-shirt.

“Yeah, well, not all of us can afford to dress up in expensive clothes.”

“I work for these clothes!” Arthur retorted. “What do you do, dare I ask.”

Merlin gave him his own wide-eyed look. “Not that it's any of your business, but I'm a writer.”

“So, you work at the food court, then?”

“Could you be any more of a prat?!” Merlin sputtered. He turned around and grabbed his lone bag off the floor before turning back to Arthur. “I think I liked you better in the stall, mate.” As Merlin made to walk past him, Arthur sidestepped, easily blocking his escape. He may not usually look for guys like