oblivious to Janeway’s thoughts.  “Although I must stress that you should refrain from strenuous activities in the coming days.”  

B’Elanna angrily pulled her arm from his grip, stretching and flexing it tentatively.  It seemed to function painlessly and she hopped off the biobed.
“Can I go now?”  She spoke through gritted teeth.  

The Doctor righteously crossed his arms and looked pointedly to the Captain.  “Medically speaking you’re can leave…”  He started.  

“Thank you Doctor.”  Janeway cut him off.  “Please excuse us.”  

A silence descended over Sickbay as the Doctor returned to his office.  Both women stood motionless wondering how the situation would unfold.  

Janeway thought about the previous time in Sickbay when she’d confronted the half-Klingon about her injuries and bit her lip.  At that time she’d hidden her worry behind her command mask.  This time she had a much clearer view of B’Elanna’s issues and she chose a different approach.

“We’ve got to stop meeting like this.”  She muttered softly in an attempt to diffuse the tension.  

It worked as B’Elanna’s shoulder’s sagged and the scowl disappeared from her face.
“I only went to the gym to blow off some steam, not to hurt myself.  I swear.”  She spoke honestly.

Janeway took a few steps closer.  “I believe you.”  

Relief flooded the half-Klingon’s face at those words.  She closed her eyes and swallowed hard, trying to contain the tears that suddenly amassed behind her eyelids.  

The Captain placed a hand on B’Elanna’s upper arm.  “Are you okay?”  She asked, obviously not talking about the injured arm.

The half-Klingon looked up.  “I don’t know.”  She whispered, hating the way her lower lip quivered as she spoke.  “I just wish I could put this all behind me…”  

Janeway tilted her head, wondering what the best course of action would be as B’Elanna seemed to be stuck in some kind of downward spiral of negative emotions.
It suddenly dawned on her that there was always one thing that cheered her up tremendously when she couldn’t see the end of the tunnel.  

She grabbed the younger woman’s hand.
“Come with me.”  She spoke resolutely.  

B’Elanna followed her superior officer out of Sickbay and frowned when Janeway ordered the turbolift to Holodeck One.  

“You know, there’s really no point in revoking my Holodeck privileges if you keep dragging me there yourself.”  The half-Klingon joked weakly.

Janeway just rolled her eyes.  “This is strictly for therapeutic purposes.”  She spoke as she activated a program at the console next to the door.
“Come on.”  She grabbed B’Elanna’s hand.  

The half-Klingon looked around as she entered and noticed grassy fields with some flowers, shrubbery and trees.  There were walking paths and benches and a small pond a bit farther away.  She turned to her companion with a puzzled look on her face.  “You took me to a park?”  

Janeway didn’t answer but seemed to be looking around as if searching for something.  Then she grinned as a brown haired Irish setter sped towards them and barely slowed down before he jumped up against her, nearly throwing her to the ground.
“Down boy, down.”  Kathryn laughed good-naturedly as she petted him, slightly stooping over so the dog could lick her face.  

After a moment, she straightened again.  “Oakley, this is B’Elanna.”  She turned to the other woman.  “B’Elanna, Oakley.”  

The dog’s tail kept wagging enthusiastically as B’Elanna reached down to pet him.  “Hi Oakley.”  She spoke.  “Well, you’re a pretty boy.”  

The dog acknowledged her compliment by jumping up against her and slobbering his wet tongue all over her face.  Despite her surprise, B’Elanna couldn’t help but laugh.  

Janeway grinned too.  It really was impossible to be sad or gloomy when Oakley was around.
“Sorry about that.”  She laughed when B’Elanna wiped the dog drool off her face.  “He really takes after his mother when it comes to that.”  

B’Elanna looked at the Captain curiously.  “His mother?”  She enquired, trying to rhyme that statement with the fact that this dog was a hologram.

A wistful smile crossed the other woman’s face.
“I had a dog back home.  Mollie…”  Janeway spoke softly, picking up a branch from the ground and catching the dog’s interest.  “Fetch, Oakley!”  She smiled again as she threw it away.  

The dog ran off, barking happily.  

“Mollie was pregnant when Voyager disappeared.”  Kathryn continued, reminiscing.  “I missed her a lot, especially knowing she was about to have puppies…”  She sighed.  “When I programmed this pup, it was as if I had at least some connection to her.  Like I had one of her babies…”  

Oakley returned with the branch firmly between his teeth.  He threw it at the women’s feet and barked briefly.  

“