Reynolds: "There are bruises all over, blood in the mouth, a large bruise on the side of the ribcage, dilated pupils, minor scrapes as far as I know."

{Can you move him?}

Reynolds: "No. When I tried lifting him he seemed like he was in pain."

{Alright then stay on the line until medical professionals come. They are 3 miles out.}

Reynolds: "Thank you."

...

....

.....

(distant sirens)

...

Reynolds: "They're here."

{Yes sir. You have a nice day.} (beep)

Reynolds: "'Have a nice day', my ass."

...

(footsteps approaching)

Medic: "This the kid?"

Jonathan: "Yeah."

A medic hovers over Frisk shining a flashlight in his eye.

Medic: "Frisk, buddy, you there?... No response... Pulse steady. Breathing normal. What's the damage?"

Medic B: "Fractured rib, internal bleeding near the epidermis, physical trauma covering the upper body... scratch that the entire body. Another fracture on the right tibia... what the hell? Sir I think I know what dragged him here."

Medic: "He was dragged here?... Oh."

Medic B: "Wolves. The bite marks on his clothes were done by wolves."

Medic: "You think they could have done this?"

Medic B: "There is no indication of a wolf attack. No other bite marks or skin penetration. This kid got his ass beat."

Medic: "Then why... never mind. Stretcher."

...
Medic: "On 'three'. One. Two. Three!" (lifts Frisk onto stretcher)

The medics take Frisk to the emergency room where he spends the next few nights recovering. Meanwhile in Reynolds office...

Reynolds: "What the ****, Jon?! Why weren't you watching him?!"

Jonathan: "You try watching him! I have 27 other kids to watch! I can't be holding his hand everywhere!"

Reynolds: "You are the only one he talks to! The only one he approaches! How can you not get him under control?"

Jonathan: "Because to him, everyone around here is s***! And I can see why! Kids seek him out and bully him constantly! Donny has been a dick to him since last year and just the other week he found out that you want to put him on Bupropion even though you KNOW that s*** wasn't going to work!"

Reynolds: "WELL THEN WHAT THE **** AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?! I've had it with this kids rebelliousness! Anti-social behavior, constantly getting into fights, constant disappearances and now we find him halfway to death in our back yard! Apparently saved by wolves. Just-" (furiously scratching head and then rubs face) "I am seriously out of options, Jon."

Jonathan: "Have you tried caring, Craig?"

Reynolds: (stares through his fingers)

Jonathan: "Frisk says to me over and over, 'Jon, I like talking to you because you care.' And I do. I care about every kid here. Not because it's my job but because I sympathize with them being an orphan myself. I understand them, Craig. Frisk is no different."

Reynolds: (sighs and continues to rub his face)

Jonathan: "If you approach him as a human and treat him as a human rather than an asset, he will open up to you and eventually take commands give or take a little protest."

Reynolds: ... "That's it?" (giggles)

Jonathan: "What's so funny?"

Reynolds: (more giggling) "I just remembered this kid that grew up in my neighborhood, named Chara. Pretty much exactly like Frisk personality-wise. This kid was kind of a freak but he easily stood up to people like it was nothing. And whenever someone would treat him like crap, something bad would happen to them but nobody could really pin him on it."

Jonathan: "That's really suspect."

Reynolds: "It's not actually." (cleaning his glasses) "One day at school I noticed Chara drawing on the concrete. This asshole name George comes up to him and spits on his drawing. Chara ignored him like he was nothing. And then George shoves him into the spit and walks away. 

So George's birthday comes up and everyone in his class was invited. Halfway through the party, his pet hamster dies this horrible death. Foaming blood coming out of his mouth, the most gruesome thing I've ever saw in my life. Nobody knew who poisoned him but one good thing did come of it."

Jonathan: "What happened?"

Reynolds: "George stopped being an asshole. That wasn't the only instance of something like this happening, but Chara was called the 'Karma Kid' for crap like that."

Jonathan: "What does that have to do with anything?"

Reynolds: "Remembering Chara made me realize that Frisk is a reminder that the world hands you what you give it. Frisk pisses me off. But I have not done much