just as Celeste planned, and the weekly gossip rag picked up the news. And as such he knew, inevitably, that the confrontation was coming.

It was the same day that the article hit the press. Juan came home and found Matt leaning against his front door, his arms crossed, scowling. When he caught sight of him Matt straightened up immediately, his fists clenched.

"What are you doing?" Matt shouted at him.

"Be more specific," Juan had said in response, which only seemed to infuriate him further.

"What are you doing?" he shouted again.

"What are you talking about?"

"Why are you doing this!?" Matt said, and it would have made sense if he'd sounded accusatory, wounded, jealous even, but he didn't. Instead there was that inhuman incomprehension again, like the very concept of it didn't add up, like the idea of a relationship between two people was completely foreign to him. 

"Are you talking about Celeste?" Juan said, even though he was sure it'd just rile him up, but he didn't want to stand here all night trading questions like that was a discussion.

"You can't do this, you- how can you- you asshole, how-"

"Goddammit, Matt, just say what you fucking mean!" Juan was raising his voice and he hadn't intended on it, this wasn't how he'd pictured this going in his head but things so rarely went as he planned. "What is it? What is it that you're mad about? Are you mad about Celeste? Are you mad that we're together? Are you mad that we're happy? Are you mad that I'm not paying enough attention to you? What is it? What is it, Matt, fucking speak up!"

"I can't believe you- how can you do this, how can you do this-!" Matt pressed his hands against the sides of his head, shaking it back and forth with his eyes shut tight.

"Do what?! For Christ's sake, Matt, I have a life outside of you! I can date whoever the fuck I want!"

Matt's arms trembled at the pressure he was exerting and he made a thin, furious whine for a few seconds before he snapped his head back up to meet his eyes.

"You can't do this-"

"I can do whatever the fuck I want!" Juan shouted back at him, angry and tense and wondering how far this was going to go. "Get over it!"

Matt opened his mouth to say something, then something abruptly shifted. A light went out in his eyes, emotion drained from his face and he leaned back, away from him, suddenly quiet. Juan was instantly suspicious, regarding him with thinned eyes, raising an arm in front of himself just in case.

Matt smiled at him, something cold and sharp, and he knew who he was looking at now. 

"It won't last," Matt said with that same smile, on the verge of laughter. "It's not going to last."

Juan just stared at him, eyes narrowed, waiting.

"We're the same." That tone of voice always sent a chill through Juan - Matt's most cryptic statements always felt like his most threatening. "You and I. It won't last."

We're forever, his mind replayed, and Juan shuddered a little in spite of himself.

"Yeah well, we'll see," Juan said under his breath as he opened the door to his house and got inside as quickly as possible, slamming the door behind him.

Twenty minutes later, he looked out the window to see if Matt was still there, and he wasn't. Then he thought for a few minutes about how he thought that was actually a possibility.

---

He had a dream some terrible thing was chasing him. If it caught him, he knew it would kill him, but he couldn't remember exactly what it had looked like.

He saw Celeste in a crowd, and he called out to her for help, but she didn't hear him. His hands passed right through her.

---

He'd always thought lyrics like I've never felt this way before were cliché and overdone, but now he understood.

What Juan felt for Celeste was constantly overflowing - there was nothing he could do to stem the tide, nothing that could make it stop growing. Nothing was enough; no amount of surprise gifts, impromptu serenades, hidden love letters, affectionate texts sent throughout the day could make his heart stop singing. What he felt burned so brightly in him, he thought it might turn him to ash. Everything he did to try and ease the heat only fanned the flames.

And while Celeste may not have been as passionate or as open about her feelings as he was, she returned each gesture of his in just such a way as to enflame him further. Still he couldn't believe this was happening