closer, and-



“Bahhh!” Isabelle exclaimed happily, throwing her chubby arms in the air. Her shout scared both Nick and Judy, making them jump as they looked over at Isabelle, giggling in her seat.



“Dang it Squirt, could you have found a better time to wake up?” Nick thought, a sigh of relief escaping from his snout. Judy coughed and averted her eyes. They sat in silence for a few moments, stewing in the awkwardness of what had just happened. Blushing, Judy scrambled to find her purse, and Nick spun around, grabbing the steering wheel and staring straight ahead, trying to wrap his head around what just happened.



“I’ll, um…I’ll grab Isa!” Judy exclaimed, not even waiting for approval or rection as she leaped from the car and ran to the side.



“I’ll grab her bag!” Nick said to no one in particular as he too bolted out of the car and rushed to the trunk.



Meanwhile….



“Quit hogging the screen, I can't see!” A voice said, pushing the pudgy cheetah out of the way.



“Hey it's not my fault you're too short to get a good view!” He retorted, still fighting over the view.



“Ugh! Fine tell me what's happening then.” Skye said, sitting down in a huff.



“Okay, umm…They're talking, looks like Nick is grabbing something from the back. This isn’t what i- HOLD THE PHONE!” Clawhauser squealed, his face glued to the monitor.



“What?! What is it?” Skye asked excitedly as she jumped up and tried to look over to the screen. Ben scooted out of the way, finally, as Skye looked up at the screen. Judy had her paw resting on Nick's forearm.



“Oh this is it!” Skye squeaked, edging forward and watching the magic unfold.



“What in the great Sahara is going on here!” Bogo roared, slamming his fist on Clawhauser’s desk, but neither Clawhauser or Skye flinched or moved a muscle.



“Chief, check this out!” Skye said, waving him over. Bogo cocked an eyebrow and let out a tired sigh as he walked over.



“What could possibly be so interesting.” He grumbled as he stood behind Ben and Skye, his arms crossed.



On the screen was Nick and Judy, gazing into each other's eyes; anyone who was watching could easily guess what they were feeling.



“I bet fifty bucks they’ll kiss.” Ben exclaimed.



“I'll take that action!” Skye said, slamming down a smaller sized fifty dollar bill on the desk. “Chief you in?”



“Am I ‘In,’ Officer Winter? I will not condone any type of gambling in my precinct!” As they kept watching, a few more officers joined to see what all the fuss was about. “Put me down for fifty, they will.” Bogo muttered, eyes fixed on the feed.



“Alright the Chief is in!” Skye crowed, grinning at the abashed water buffalo, “What bets do I have on Officers Wilde and Hopps! Minimum is at least fifty bucks; winnings get distributed between winners and the new dad!” Skye ex paused the footage and jumped up on the desk, her white ears perking up at the officers holding up their money.



“What are the odds?” a white wolf called from the back.



“At the moment seems to be fifty-fifty, so let's say 65-35 that they’ll kiss!” Hearing that created a flood of betting by the officers. Skye took a second to jot down the names and bets of the officers, which she tried to do as quickly as possible, since the footage was paused; who knew how much time they had.



“Okay, okay. Hey! Shut it!” Skye ordered, restoring order to the room. “Right, we have ten saying they will kiss and five saying they won’t! Since some bets start at fifty bucks and some bet higher that should be roughly, One-thousand! Everyone good? Alright, let's see what happens.”



Skye nodded to Ben who pressed play on the footage and fast forwarded it to bring it back to real time. The room was silent, besides a few officers placing side bets and murmuring amongst themselves.



“Okay here we go!” Ben squealed, leaning closer. Within seconds, every officer had crowded around the desk, pushing and shoving to watch, wait, and see if their colleagues would finally kiss. “Ohh they're going for it!” Been squealed excitedly as Judy and Nick started to lean in. Everyone had excited expressions on their face as they watched the screen, well, everyone except Bogo, who leaned back with his arms crossed and an indifferent expression on his face.



Nick and Judy leaned closer and closer before suddenly jumped back in their seats, looking in the back of the car.



“Noooooooo!” The losing officers groaned.



“Yeah yeah, ya big pups, bring your bets to the front, winners