s cheeks reddened. 

As they approached to buy their tickets, Niall was fishing out his wallet, and before he could even open it Zayn pushed his hand back to stop him. 

“I asked you out, I’m paying.” He assured him, and Niall was shaking his head. 

“N-No it’s alright, I can pay.” 

“Nope, I got it.” Zayn told him, and proceeded to pay for both his and Niall’s tickets. Zayn’s heart once again soared when he caught that beautiful pink blush on Niall’s cheeks and his thankful eyes staring at him as he handed the small girl behind the glass the money. 

As they walked to theater number seven, where they pointed towards to watch their movie, Zayn was really thinking about taking Niall’s smaller hand into his. His nerves were running crazy as the blonde’s swinging hand was unattended looking to be intertwined with someone else’s. He decided against it though and bit his lip, thinking maybe the blonde wouldn’t like that.

 He hated this stupid feeling inside of his stomach. He wished he could be confident and proud but he instead he was given nervousness while reminding himself of all his insecurities. Niall was radiating beauty and perfection, and he was way too perfect for someone like him.

 He was gorgeous, absolutely stunning, especially with that smile upon his lips, and Zayn couldn’t even understand why he would have even agreed to go to the movies with him tonight. He wanted to be just as perfect and confident, but he couldn’t even get the courage to grab this boy’s hand without having a heart attack. 

He didn’t want to be too forceful and he didn’t want to make it obvious he was so nervous and sick to his stomach. He was embarrassing enough already.

When they were able to sit down with the entire place almost empty, Zayn’s insides began to settle as he watched Niall’s enlightened face glancing around the theater. Niall quickly ran up and beckoned Zayn to follow him so they could sit right in the middle of the place so they could watch the giant screen which was lighting up Niall’s bright eyes.

 Zayn’s heart practically burst when he felt Niall’s nimble fingers brush against the back of his warm hand. His smile spread all the way across his face as the lights dimmed, the movie was beginning, and their fingers intertwined. 

~     ~     ~

 Zayn quickly learned how much Niall loved Action and science fiction movies. As soon as the movie’s ending credits were rolling Niall’s excited face was all Zayn could focus on. He was spitting out words on how awesome it was, and Zayn was listening, he really was, but his adorable face was really captivating. 

Their hands were still wrapped in each other’s while they were making their way toward the outside, and as soon as they did they noticed the rain pouring from the sky. Niall groaned along with Zayn which made them both chuckle. 

“Wait here, and I’ll get the car, okay?” Zayn told him, and Niall nodded with that shy smile once again. Zayn noted how every time he did something for the blonde that shy smile would pop onto his luring lips. 

Zayn had made a mad dash for the car, sprinting in the rain the droplets bouncing off his skin. Without a hood or a jacket on, his shirt was drenched. He sighed, it really had been coming down and he knew something like this would happen. 

He shook his hair then with the water flinging off of him, knowing it was messed up and gross looking now, and he started the engine, knowing that Niall was waiting, and he sure as hell didn’t want to keep that beautiful boy waiting for too long. 

When he pulled up to the sidewalk though, his eyes casted over to where Niall was and he also noticed how Niall was being accompanied by someone else, a guy for that matter. 

Zayn’s breath hitched in his throat. 

He was much taller than Niall, his towering height climbing high over the boy below. His heart burned for a second, seeing the man so close to the little blonde, and when his hand reached out to touch the boy’s hip, that’s where his blood began to sizzle. 

Zayn’s eyes narrowed especially when Niall winced and retracted from the man. His mind was racing with rage then. He couldn’t believe this fucking guy. He left Niall for one minute, and some creep was already attached to his side. 

Zayn instantly hopped out of the car, not waiting a second and was running now, catching sound of the loud voice of the strange man and Niall’s soft tone. 

“D-Don’t touch me.” The plea inside of his voice, along with his nervous eye’s catching Zayn, who was sprinting towards them hastily, was scaring the raven haired boy a bit. Niall look paled, probably because of the way the man was still grabbing at his petite hips. 

“Didn’t seem