he wanted to be back in Kyoto in time for some pointless meeting the student council had decided to hold on a Sunday, he would have to leave early that morning. Twelve hours back and forth every weekend was irritating, but he had done so ever since he and Kouki had started to become closer. The thought of seeing the other, even if it was only for a day, was enough to push the minor inconvenience aside.

It would be a much different story when summer finally rolled around.

“Ah.” Kouki glanced at the tab that had been placed in front of them. “I can… I mean, you don’t always have to pay for everything! Every now and then you should really let me. You’re always taking me places on Saturday.”

The stuttering tone of Furihata was enough to elicit a smile. Each time, Kouki would protest whenever they went somewhere, but in the end, Seijuro had always convinced him otherwise.

When they exited the café, Akashi rummaged through his pocket before grasping tightly onto the envelope. It was now or never. If he didn’t go forward with this, he didn’t know the next time he would be able to. Not with the millions of interruptions that he faced day in and day out.  

“Furihata.” He handed him the small bit of paper. “This is for you.”

The other was completely puzzled. “Huh? What’s this?”

“A bill,” was the nonchalant response.

Furihata’s eyes were like dinner plates. “W-what? I thought I told you that I would pay for stuff at times! You didn’t have to keep-!”

“It’s not the bill you are thinking of.” He was only granted an even more confused expression.  “You’ll find out for yourself when you open it.”

Dumbfound, and now a tad reluctant, Kouki began to unseal the envelope. Freeing the small slip of paper, his eyes scanned the content, cheeks morphing into a rosy hue, his hands gripping the paper so tightly, Akashi was certain it was about to rip.

“I owe you rent… for living in your heart for the past two months??” he sputtered, form visibly shaking, “W-what is that supposed to mean?!”

Akashi sighed. He should have known this wasn’t going to be as simple as he assumed, especially when he had taken great measures to plan this. Asking someone out needed to be special, or so he had learned, as he had no experience with this himself.

“You’ve never been asked out before, I take it.”

Furihata continued to tremble, flushed skin now completely scarlet as he stared down at the paper. By his reaction, Seijuro knew he wasn’t going to obtain an answer instantly, as much as he desired to know then and there.

But he would wait, if need be. He just hoped it wasn’t going to take a week, or worse, longer. A day would be enough time to think it over, wouldn’t it?

“I won’t ask you for your answer now. Take all the time you need. I only wanted to present that to you.”

 

 

 

 

 




Being how this was my first time in obtaining anything remotely close to an interest in someone, I was clueless if I was going about it the correct way. It took Kouki nearly a week - much to my dismay - to finally give me an answer, and even then, it wasn’t still a solid one.



To be rejected was one of the worst emotions one can experience, but I learned the reason for his reluctance was because he too had never dated anyone. In a sense, that was a large relief to me, since now I wasn’t the only one ignorant about the whole matter, but that also meant neither of us knew where to go from there.



We started off slow, not really designing a path for us to follow. It was best to allow whatever happened to happen rather than having a plan. I suppose that was the merriment of it, to not pressure ourselves into thinking we had to follow through with a certain strategy. Our intention was to keep it to ourselves, to allow no one to know that we were together, or attempting to be, especially with how delicate the situation was, but that lasted for all of three months. My teammates were beginning to wonder why every weekend I would travel to Tokyo instead of staying in the dorms as I typically did.



At first, I shrugged it aside, telling them there was no need for concern, but eventually I revealed to them, or at least to Reo, what was truly transpiring. He seemed hesitant, wondering if it was too soon with all that I had undergone to take on a commitment as fragile as this, but when he realized the joy it brought me, he accepted. And from there on out, everything seemed to flow smoothly, precisely the way I had envisioned it. Kouki and I were flourishing, and our relationship solidifying.



But all good things in life meet