sides as a cheerful grin plastered itself onto his face. "Vending machine, O' Vending machine, where art tho- AH, HA!" He triumphantly cheered, stopping in his tracks and pointing an accusing finger at the machine a few feet away from him. "I've finally found you!" He, of course, was talking to the machine, but the stoic boy currently pressing two buttons on it didn't know that.

"Do I know you?" He narrowed his eyes in concentration at the small spitfire, his face not instantly ringing any bells in the taller boy's head, and he quickly brushed him off.

Hinata spluttered at the boy, not expecting a reply and he quickly waved his hands in front of his chest. "W-Wha-? No! I was talking to the... ah... thingy..." He lamely finished with a weak finger shakily pointing to the vending machine innocently standing there. "Hehe." He nervously laughed, rubbing the back or his head in embarrassment before slowly stalking forward and blinking at the array of drinks inside the machine.

The darker-haired boy pursed his lips in thought and stared down at the two milk cartons in his hands, eyes flicking back and forth between them and the significantly shorter boy beside him. Before he could even register what he was doing, his arm had thrust itself out, hand loosely grasping onto one of the milk cartons as it wordlessly offered itself to the stranger.

Hinata jumped at the hand suddenly thrust into his personal space, the shock causing him to press a random button and he groaned when he saw a banana milkshake drop down. Ew, he silently noted. "Y-Yeah?" He stuttered, hands coming up in a small karate chop as he saw the imprinted glare of the other boy that was aimed just over the top of his head.

The stranger's dark eyes suddenly pierced his brighter ones.

"Drink it."

Pardon?

"Take it and drink it."

Uh huh, right. Sure. Because he really wanted to sit through Maths with an upset stomach. Yea- no.

He slowly took his hands down from his face and relaxed his stance. "No, thanks!" He politely declined with a loose shake of his head.

The taller boy, bless him, had looked like he was just told the world was ending. "W-Why not?!"

"I just can't!"

The boy, not having any of this nonsense, pulled his arm back, stabbed the carton with a straw and then offered it to the smaller boy as if that was the problem. "Drink it."

"N-NO!"

"Drink it."

"NOOOO!"

" .now."

"NEVER!"


He had just wanted a bottle of water for christ's sake!


"Hinata?"

He swore he felt tears pour out of his eyes like a waterfall. A very strong, never-ending waterfall, that is.

"Wait, Kageyama?"

They both paused in their little scuffle, promptly dropped their hands off of one another, sending fleeting murderous looks instead as they turned to fully face the newcomer.

"What seems to be the problem?" They serenely spoke, calm smile on their face as they stared at the pair who's clothes looked askew and rumpled, not to mention the two spilt and squashed milk cartons on the floor.

"N-Nothing, Sugawara-senpai!"

'Sugawara-senpai' hummed, unconvinced at Hinata's nervous shout and turned to look at the other suspect. "Oh really?"

Kageyama regarded him with a blank look, cold sweat breaking out at the back of his neck and he suddenly found himself pointing an accusing finger towards a currently flustered Hinata. "He needs some milk!"

Suga lightly chuckled at his exclamation. "That would be kind of hard to do when he's lactose intolerant, Kageyama."

He had never seen him look so ashamed, and red. He was oh, so very red.

"Yeah, yeah!" Hinata readily confirmed. "Take that!" He cried out, triumphantly sticking his nose up at him.

If possible, Kageyama went an even deeper shade of red. "SHUT UP, DUMBASS!"

Flavours are discussed and a pairing is hinted at.

I honestly must've been high when I wrote this...

Enjoy.

"Suga-nii would taste of cotton candy! And 'mura-nii of salted caramel fudge!"

"That's awfully descriptive of you for Daichi-san, Natsu-chan..." Suga lightly noted with a bemused smile.

"Un!" She chimed, shooting him a closed-eye grin. "Tanaka-senpai would-"

Said person interrupted her with an enthusiastic choked shout of; "N-... NATSU-CHAAAN!" And promptly ripped his shirt off- well, apart, in sheer happiness.

"-taste of... Meat? Uhm.. Manly stuff- like sweat!"

A tense silence rippled throughout the gymnasium and all their eyes snapped towards Tanaka's back, flinching as his shoulders gently shook.

"Uh, bro," Nishinoya whispered, creeping towards him. "You alrigh-" he cut off his own sentence and