so vulnerable. Nârmófinion, Glorfindel had said. His invocation of that name, long forgotten, had resurrected something in Erestor. So few of us remember Gondolin, or Nargothrond, he thought. So few of us remember the Noldor in their glory and their pomp...The blazing bright Sons of Fëanor. Elrond had been loved by them but he had only seen them in their poverty and grief, wandering like fugitives. Perhaps only Glorfindel had seen them in their burning glory.

He stared unseeing over the stiff frosted lawns, the hard glitter that dusted leaves and trees. His breath smoked but he felt no cold.

An empty glory, said those who came later, those 'faithful' armies of Aman that had swept in when Manwë had got off his arse and finally, finally acted against Bauglir.

Erestor smiled slightly at himself; his heresy secretly shocked and delighted Elrond, for he was Eärendil's son only by birth and though he had been but a child, no one could mistake Maedhros' calm defiance when he met the cold antagonism of the Valar. They were supposed to have quailed and cried out for mercy at the Doom that condemned them to stay forever on the shores of Middle Earth, foregoing forever the 'Bliss of Aman.' That was how Maedhros used to say it, the Bliss of Aman, with that subtle emphasis and his lovely, urbane smile. And the Vanya lords of Aman who watched him, a silent wall of disapproval, had known he was laughing at them, in spite of the terrible price he had paid, in spite of the poverty into which he was forced, in spite of his dreadful spiral into despair, he was still so much better than them, so much more.

Erestor found that his eyes suddenly prickled and his heart ached. Though he took out those beloved, precious memories, one by one, like they were jewels, and looked at each one, turned it this way and that, and recalled the fierce light, the intense and subtle mind, the reckless courage that was lost...forever.

He had that quality of stillness. Unlike anyone Erestor had met before or since. Maedhros could sit, half turned, his chin not quite resting on his hand and more like he had placed his hand there to aid his thought. He could sit for hours, light grey eyes intent upon you and you felt you were the only other person in the world.

Not grey, Erestor corrected himself and he did not have to grasp at some fleeting memory for it was burned into his thoughts and he would never forget. Mercury or Steel, for he was the bravest, hardiest, strongest. Like steel, tempered by experience.

It had been Erestor who brought the news of Fingon's death to Himring in the cold, bleak winter. He had galloped as fast as he could, his horse almost collapsing beneath him to bring the news that he dared not speak, that he knew would be the only thing that could bring his beloved lord to his knees.

Erestor stopped and lifted his own eyes to the bright stars that scattered across the night sky.

Was he still falling, the fiery hair streaming behind him like a comet's tail? Had he found Eru? Had he fallen into the Void as Eönwe said, damn him? Eru was surely not so cold, so unforgiving?

And what will you do when all others have sailed? Do you think you will find them all awaiting you in Aman? he asked himself. Or will you wither on the shores of Middle Earth?

A breath seemed to force itself between his lips from his heart, as if his body could no longer contain the deep longing, the sorrow and he remembered the sheen of firelight in Maedhros' hair, as if fire itself stroked it, like the hand of a lover. Even eating, feasting, in company, Maedhros always had that inward serenity- as if he communed with an inner voice, his eyes cast down, focused always on whatever task- eating or playing or scanning the horizon. It seemed single-minded but Erestor knew better. It made people think of him as aloof, a strategist, a soldier. Cold, caring nothing for company or warmth or love...

Erestor paused and breathed in, let go a sigh. Love. They were wrong. Erestor never knew anyone with as much love as Maedhros.

...the copper hair gleaming, the utterly beautiful face reaching beneath a child's bed to retrieve shoes thrown in a childish pique. Such kindness, such guilty love. He knew that well...

Erestor had always done whatever Maedhros had asked, even to accompanying his beautiful mad brothers to Nargothrond. Perhaps because they were going, he had asked Erestor to go too, knowing what it cost him. And then later he entrusted the sons of Eärendil to Erestor, knowing that Erestor would never, never deny him anything.

And I never did.

Except once.

Had there been more Elves in the world then? Erestor wondered as he heavily climbed the wide stone steps. It was a long time that he had lived. And he was weary.

He paused on a terrace that curved elegantly along the front