office. 

When she got out of Emma’s sight the girl finally regained consciousness and was able to process what had just happened. She put the music back on and tried to get back to her reading, and attempt that obviously failed. She starred at her book for 5 minutes saying to herself that this was all in her head and that no, following Regina to her office was definitely not a good idea. But she had another idea, one that she judged good enough. She took off her sweater, revealing a white t-shirt inside that was quite transparent due to its wet state. Let’s test something. She had to know if those looks weren’t only in her imagination. If she had any power, any control over Regina, at least a tenth of what Regina had over her, she had to know. It wasn’t on her intentions to act on it, at least not actively. She didn’t like chasing people, because she hated the idea of being rejected again. But she could tease.

 	Minutes later the brunette came out with a bunch of brown paper envelopes she hadn’t been carrying before. She walked towards Emma, and, hearing her steps, Emma turned around to face her. When she did so Regina’s steps lost their rhythm and her eyes went straight to the blonde’s chest region. She inattentively bit her lower lip and her eyes traveled up only to find Emma staring at her with a grin. The older woman swallowed and regained her composure. She continued her walk towards the girl, now with that deadly stare ornamenting her face. She was regaining the power, and that made Emma’s heart jump on her chest. Oh fucking god, what is she doing. When Regina reached the table never taking her eyes off of Emma, she took an umbrella out of her purse and put it next to Emma’s book, on the table. “Try not to get a pneumonia.” She winked and started walking away.

	“Thank you” Emma was at the same time disappointed and relieved.

	“It’s not a problem, dear, I have an extra one. Oh, and again, great song.” She smiled “Have a good evening, miss Swan.” Regina said as she was walking out of the door.

	Well, she couldn’t keep her eyes off my chest. Emma thought as she ran her hands through the umbrella. Does this mean something? This woman will drive me crazy. First she stares at me like she’s eating me with her eyes at the lab; then she observes me running and again during class. Then she completely ignores my existence for a month and now there she is, staring at me again, saying my name, teasing me (the teasing part I deserved), caring about my lungs??? 

	Her train of thought was interrupted as an alarm sounded on her cellphone informing her that the machine had finished running her experiment.

         “Emma, where is Mary Margaret? We are already late for this party”

 

         “I don’t know she said she had something to do at the lab but that she would be quick, and that was… 20 minutes ago. Try calling her again”


 


         Ruby hit the call button twice and once again received the message that that number was unreachable at the moment “Nothing.”


 


         “I’ll go there to get her. It’s is near and I have to give Regina back her umbrella.”  Emma got up and picked the umbrella that was carefully kept behind the door.

 

         “Oh, you are just finding an excuse to go see her dressed like this.” Ruby pointed her fingers up and down Emma’s body. The blonde girl was wearing a blouse with a really low neckline, showing her cleavage, tight black jeans and heeled shoes that made her butt look enormous. “And I’m not judging”

        

         Emma winked at the girl and left their dorm. She couldn’t deny that she was excited to see Regina’s reaction to her look. I mean, if yesterday she had lost her decorum just because of some kind-of-transparent t-shirt, imagine this. Emma was excited with expectation. Maybe just maybe she could sweep Regina off her feet. In no more than 5 minutes Emma arrived at the lab and found Mary Margaret with her hair done, her face with make-up and a beautiful floral dress. One would say she was ready to go to the party except for the fact that over her dress was a lab coat and the girl was running from one bench to the other with some test-tubes on her hand. Emma watched the scene, fascinated.

 


“You are late.”


 

Mary didn’t even take the time to look at Emma “I know”.


 



 “Do you need some help?”


 

“No thanks. Give 2 minutes. Literally 2 minutes and I’m done. God I need a drink today.” Mary Margaret’s face looked worn-out.

 

“Ok… take your time. I’ll go give this back to Regina, be back soon” Mary nodded in