Merlin had been sure he’d lost his best friend forever. Those were the loneliest weeks of his life, and in that time Merlin had decided he’d have to leave. The morning of his departure, he’d found William waiting at his door.

“Remember when I yelled at you for not being a girl?”

“It’s kinda hard to forget.”

“That was stupid, and I’m sorry.” William had said bluntly.

“I’m sorry too,” Merlin had shrugged as he hoisted his backpack on his back. He’d made his plans.

“I didn’t mean for you to leave.”

“It’s not safe for me here any more.”

They’d walked to the edge of the slumbering village together, talking about old times, and for a while things seemed normal between them again. When they’d reached the main road, they shook hands.

“So are you going to be a boy when you come back?” William had asked.

“Well, I’m not going to be a girl anymore.”

William nodded. “I’ll be here when you come back. No matter who you are.”

 

When Merlin had come back to Ealdor, William had treated him the same as he always had. That acceptance had meant more to Merlin than anything else in their long friendship. If his hot-headed childhood friend could understand, maybe Arthur would too. There was really only one way to find out.

“You’re not the first person to call me a girl. In fact, lots of people used to say that.” Merlin said quickly, as if rushing the words out would somehow make it easier to hear. He risked a glance at Arthur.

Arthur sheathed his sword, a confused frown on his face. It was clear that Merlin wasn't making any sense to him yet.

Merlin lowered his gaze, and thought about how best to put it. In for a penny, in for a pound. “Look, you call me a fool, or a coward, or an idiot. But you know I’m not really any of those things.”

“No no, you really are an idiot, Merlin,” Arthur said with a grin, and Merlin gave him a small smile. “I also know you’re not actually a girl,” Arthur added more seriously.

“Yeah, well they didn’t.” Merlin pointed out. He waited for the penny to drop. Any second now, his whole world could be turned upside down.

Arthur furrowed his brow. “I don’t understand.”

Merlin let out an exasperated groan. This wasn’t going at all how he’d hoped it would.  “Why do you think so few people recognized me when we went to Ealdor? It’s a tiny village, everyone knows everyone, yet no-one came to catch up with the boy who left to go live in an actual castle?”

“William recognized you.”

“Because he was the only one who knew. He knew I left because I couldn’t safely be myself there. He’s the only person I ever told.” Merlin realized he’d been raising his voice, drawing stares from the other people on the practice field. “Look, this was a mistake, Arthur. Just forget I said anything.” Merlin said, lifting the shield onto his back and turning around.

“Wait.” Arthur said, putting his hand on Merlin’s shoulder. “Your midwife must have known. And why would your mother have called you her daughter?”

 

Merlin dropped the shield with a loud thump, inches from Arthur’s foot, and propped it up against his calf. He straightened up to look Arthur directly in the eyes and crossed his arms. Heart thumping, he held his gaze with a defiance he didn’t actually feel. There was no turning back now.

He knew the penny had dropped when Arthur recoiled. “You used magic?” The prince asked incredulously.

“There was a wizard who helped me.” Merlin said curtly. Not the whole truth, but a version of it.

“Why?”

“Imagine if all your life, you had known you were a prince, but no-one else could see it. And they’re all really polite, but they insist on calling you My Lady, no matter how many times you correct them. Your father buys you dresses. Your hand-maiden braids your hair.”

“You can’t just TURN INTO a man!” Arthur interrupted.

“No. But you can help the rest of the world to see it.”

Arthur fell silent, dumbstruck. Merlin waited, his heart hammering, to see what he would do next. Would he fire him? Banish him? But the silence lengthened as Arthur grappled with the foreign notion Merlin had introduced to him. He looked more confused than Merlin had ever seen him. But at least he wasn’t angry.

Merlin waited for Arthur to say something, anything, but the young prince seemed to be completely lost in thought. Finally, Merlin couldn’