Oh, look,” he says, fluttering his eyelashes and pitching his voice higher and breathier than usual. “I spilled some.”

Chris makes a kind of choking noise that hopefully isn’t entirely related to the marshmallow he just inhaled.

“Can I lick that up for you?”

Chris nods fervently, eyes wide, and Sebastian sets the tongs carefully down and then licks an enthusiastic trail up Chris’s chest.

A split-second later, the mouthful of chocolate and chest hair makes him almost gag and he beats a hasty retreat.

“Um. Sorry. That…was not as sexy as I thought it’d be.”

He feels like there’s still hair in his mouth, and he grimaces involuntarily, trying to work it out.  Gross . He wonders whether he could get up and get a glass of water to rinse his mouth. But Chris is looking massively uncomfortable, flushing red again, and Sebastian doesn’t want to make him feel worse. He swallows and turns back to the tray, wondering how to improve things.

“How about a strawberry?” he prompts. “The big one, in the middle?”

Chris nods, and reaches for it, gripping the widest part of it gently between the tongs. He dips it into the chocolate, his tongue between his teeth, his face the picture of concentration. He’s lifted it and got it halfway towards Sebastian’s mouth when he squeezes the strawberry too hard, and it slips from the tongs and launches into the air.

The strawberry seems to spin in slow motion, all the way up to the ceiling, where it makes a large  splat,  and then it lands on Chris’s head and bounces across the bed, leaving several prints, like a stone skimming across a lake. The tongs fly out of his hands into Chris’s face, and he gives a little shriek, jumps, throws up his hands, and upsets the entire tray all over the bed. With reflexes born of his Winter Soldier knife training, Sebastian manages to save the chocolate and keep it on the tray, but fruit and breadsticks are catapulted everywhere, and he takes several blueberries and a chunk of mango to the groin.

They survey the scene of devastation, Chris wearing an expression of such shock and horror that he looks like he’s just witnessed a mass murder. Then he starts frantically trying to scoop up the mess, somehow making everything worse in the process.

“I’ve never wanted you more,” Sebastian deadpans, as Chris struggles with squashed fruit and splintered breadsticks. “Seriously, I think I was more turned-on the last time I watched you floss your teeth.”

Chris looks like he wants to smack him. “You are such a brat!”

Sebastian grins. “Sorry.” He doesn’t feel sorry, though; it’s just too hilarious, and Chris frantically scooping up the fragments of food is making it harder not to laugh. “I’m just saying.”

“All you’ve done since I got this is laugh at me.”

“Well, it  is  funny.”

“OK, look, I was just trying to do something nice for us, you don’t have to piss all over that.”

He can’t resist. “You want me to piss all over it too?”

“Seb.” Chris’s face is magenta, but it’s not cute like before; he’s pretty upset, and Sebastian only sees he’s gone too far when it’s a couple of seconds too late. The sight of Chris in the middle of the bed, naked, splattered with chocolate, and fuming, suddenly isn’t funny any more.

“I’m sorry,” he says quickly. “Chris, babe, I’m sorry, ok?”

Chris doesn’t say anything, and Sebastian’s starting to think that he might really have fucked up now.

“Oh shit, Chris, I’m sorry, I was just running my mouth, I was playing around, I…”

“Why don’t you take anything seriously?” Chris mutters. “Is this all just playing around to you?”

Sebastian recoils, shocked. “No. Of course not! Why would you even think that?”

“Because you’re  laughing at me,” Chris grits out. “You’re always laughing at me.”

“No! No, Chris, I’m really not.” He thinks, tries to put it into words. “You make me laugh, but I’m not laughing  at  you. Never. You make me happy, that’s all.”

He reaches across the bed to try to take Chris’s hand, but Chris pulls it away. Sebastian feels stung. Maybe he’s  the one who’s read this wrong.

“Chris?”

“How can I make you happy when I do stupid shit like this? I was trying so hard to think of something sexy to do for you, and it blew up in my face.”

“More like flipped  up in your face,” he says, and he sees the corner