. On entrance she saw three large men, and Jr. sitting on his couch watching a football game and eating a doughnut. In the chair to the left, was the little street rat. She stepped in front of the television and dropped the duffel bag on the coffee table, "Here, I'm already late as it is, so I've got no time to chat." As she turned to walk away one of the men stepped in front of the door. Jr. stood from the couch, "Are you sure you can't get it done tonight?"
She looked him in the eye, "Yes, I'm positive. I have a previous engagement."
He smiled cheekily and tilted his head, "Mind if I inquire on what exactly this engagement is?"
She snarled impatiently, "I do mind. It's not any of your business. You can't keep randomly throwing these errands at me at your leisure, you have to give me at least a couple of days heads up."
Jr. looked at the ground and nodded, "I understand where you're coming from, I do. So how about this, you can do this tomorrow, if you take rookie here with you to show ‘em the ropes. Eh? Deal?"
A long sigh followed as she ran a hand through her hair and closed her eyes, "Fine."
An unsettling smile crept onto his face, "Thanks sugar. Go ahead to your previous reservations." Yang nodded and head out the door.
As she straddled onto her bike she heard the door open and slam, and looked up to see little fresh blood running down the driveway, "Wait! Ms. Yang!"
She stopped in front of the bike, "I just wanna say I'm real excited to be working with you, what I've heard of you is very impressive and I can't wait to be under your wing."
Yang chuckled, "Right, I'll see ya tomorrow kiddo. Night."
She smiled, "Ni-" She was suddenly cut off when Yang shot off into the dimly lit streets.

A brief stop at her shit apartment for a change of clothes was desperately needed, she had been running around all day on random errands for that ass hole who looks way to wrinkled and aged to still be called something like ‘Jr.’ Upon her entrance, she immediately gave up on her posture and her head hung low, 'Christ. I can’t seem to catch a break can I?' She rushed tiredly to clean herself up, not wanting to look as unkempt as she felt. Everything had been a mess since she dropped out of college. It was one thing in high school when it was just little stuff here and there, but now she was all in and there was no backing out.  Instead of building herself a future, she went to shady parties with shady people that were involved in some pretty shady business. 'Ugh, why on earth did you get so caught up in this!? How stupid can one person be!?'

She sat there on her bed, her face in her palms as she internally screamed the opinions and insults she had heard so many times before. Five minutes passed until she took a deep breath, and stood herself up tall. She straightened her back, plastering once again a bright smile to her face. She threw on her jacket and exited, locking the door behind her.

She hurried down the stairway, laughing to herself quietly at the sound of her stoned neighbors laughing their heads off. She climbed back onto her trusted bike, and headed to a party celebrating her younger sister's 19th birthday. A neatly wrapped gift was on the back of her bike, and she sped as fast as she could to her father's house, where her younger sibling still resided.

 

Pulling up to the one story home in the woods, she parked her bike among her family's couple of cars and knocked aggressively on the front door, "Hey pops! Your favorite kid is here!" She heard a sarcastic laugh on the other side of the door before it opened. She hugged her father tightly, taking in the scent of home.  She entered the home and peered around for the energetic young adult.

Loud and fast footsteps were heard from the hallway as Ruby sped up to Yang, giving her a tight hug. "Sis," she exclaimed hyperly, "I missed you so so so much! You haven't visited in forever!"
Yang smirked, "yeah well if I visited home every day it wouldn't be as special now would it?"
Ruby pondered for a moment before shrugging, "I suppose, in any case, thank you for coming! Come on, you have to say hi to Weiss!" Yang followed Ruby’s skip to the living room to see the younger one's best friend since childhood sitting neatly on the couch. Despite the fact that they were almost polar opposites, the two were closer than any usual pair of friends. Their bond was something Yang found herself rather envious of, wishing more than anything she could