out her features at first. "I said my momma made it," she told him impatiently. "I got it out of my closet because..." she sniffed mid sentence and wiped her nose on the heel of her hand, "I miss her a lot, Jim." Joanna sniffed again. "It isn't fair."

"Why not?" Jim asked and reached up to brush away the tears leaking from the corner of her eyes.

"Momma doesn't want me," she said softly, her hands fisting on her knees. "She left me n' papa because she didn't want me no more. But then papa goes and he leaves all the time and it...I hate it!" She yelled this and slammed her hands hard against her knees.

"Your papa didn't leave you," Jim corrected. "Your papa is coming home tonight and he will be here tomorrow for Christmas and then the day after that and then the day after that." She didn't seem to believe him or refused to, so he continued on. "He had to leave, Joanna."

"Just because of his stupid job," Joanna spat.

"No, it's more than that," he argued vehemently. Joanna looked at him hopeful, almost expectant. His heart tightened as realization struck him and then, as the words left his mouth his heart seemed to grow, "You're father is one of a kind, Joanna, and people need him because he's so special." Carefully, Jim took her small hand between his and pressed it between his palms. "You'll see, one day, when you're just as special." She suddenly tossed the quilt off, sending it flying across the room. He blinked in the sudden bright light but then caught sight of her face, wet with tears but split by a tentative smile.

"Thanks, Jim," she enthused, childlike tenacity to bounce back from any heartache working tenfold. Joanna suddenly scrambled off the bed and balked at the clock beside the bed. "Oh no! We're gonna miss the Christmas special on TV, Jim!" Jim hopped up immediately and began to race her down the stairs, winning only because he cheated by picking her up by her waist and tossing her over his shoulder. She squealed and squirmed until he deposited her on the sofa in the living room with an 'oof.'

"Quickly!" Jim cried as she grabbed the remote and turned the TV on. They thrummed with impatience as she went through each channel until the right one finally came up. Joanna snuggled against his side as the screen filled with the cartoon face of Santa Claus, who was with some sort of skeleton man. He smiled down at her brown head.

He opened his mouth to mention the oddity of this when the sound of the front door opening interrupted him. Joanna was off the couch and into the foyer within seconds and straight into Bones' welcoming arms.

Jim followed at a much more sedate pace, watching. When Bones' head lifted from Joanna's attention and he looked straight a Jim with a wide, grateful smile, all thoughts of television flew from Jim's mind. "I got someone to cover for me," Bones said, standing up with a huff under the weight of Joanna in his arms. She was too big but he still sometimes indulged her under such circumstances. "Figured we could still have an impromptu Eve dinner."

 

&

Christmas was new for Jim. Admittedly, a lot of things were new for Jim but Christmas especially so. He had seen, many times, the effects of Christmas. Trees being cut down only to be carried into houses, glittering lights strung through trees and around tree trunks or in the whimsical form of fawn on the lawn. Celebrations in the Winter Kingdom did not include Christmas. The only thing that deserved anything like a party was the winter solstice, a critical time each year during the winter season. Nothing about this celebration included electric lights or presents. Mostly it was a lot of work and little pay off. If the day went well, Father Winter often threw a celebratory blizzard but that was the extent of it.

Human traditions, Jim marveled, were far superior to any that the winter gypsies had. Christmas was more than just a time for presents and tinsel and trees indoors. It was about family and celebrating each other through gift giving. Jim loved it, especially since in the face of yesterday's turmoil, the McCoys seemed intent on celebrating all that much harder. The morning was spent with presents, something Jim had learned of just in the nick of time to get his friends gifts. Presents weren't an entirely foreign concept to him. The winter gypsies were a generous people, after all, and he had often received small trinkets or charms to protect him from harmful spirits or to hang from branches of trees. Spock was especially fond of giving Jim some of his best snowflakes which he used with due discretion on the most beautiful days of winter. Uhura, a gypsy who helped sort Spock's finished snowflakes, had once given him a crystal