, though didn’t touch him, simply hovered in the air around him. Waiting.

Gaster allowed him a moment to look over the hands, Sans’ own moving down to grip his blanket, knowing what was to come. “...Are you prepared?” He questioned, pupils dropping down to focus on the soul throbbing in his grasp.

He nodded, his own gaze looking not at his own soul, but at Gaster’s mouth, staring at it with a mixture of excitement and slight fear. Sure enough, that thin crescent grew, widened, eventually gaping open to reveal teeth, all normal when compared to a human skeleton except for the canines. Those were long and capped with sharp points made for digging into and piercing flesh... And they were descending straight towards his soul.

Sans let out a harsh gasp as one of the fangs pressed down into it, pulling breath into his ribcage just so he could do so. It was like he was feeling a sharp pressure coming down over his whole body, pressing down on him relentlessly. Though, given how he had a masochistic streak to him, the experience was far from simply painful.

That fang bit down into his soul, worrying at it slightly as he began to squirm and twitch with every movement it made until, finally, it breached the outer surface of it, puncturing through to the well of magic that had been trapped within it. Unfortunately, once that happened, Gaster pulled the fang away, not needing it anymore.

Fortunately, he replaced it with his tongue instead.

It slithered out from between his teeth, long and whip-like, a dark, sickly purple color. Once it had peeked out enough, it curled around Sans’ soul before drawing it into his mouth. There, Gaster began to suck on it to draw out the magic, tongue lapping at the mark he had made to ensure none of Sans’ magic went to waste.

As soon as the suction began, Sans let out a long moan, head tipping back as the most sensitive part of his body was treated in such a way. After the pain, the pleasure was far too nice, soothing away any residual traces of it with every lap of that tongue. The combination of the sucking and licking was sending bursts of pleasure shooting through his soul and body, a fact that was clearly showing.

A light blue glow was beginning to shine through his shorts, the fabric tenting as something of his own manifested. That was when Gaster’s remaining hands decided to take action.

One moved up towards Sans’ face to gently caress his cheekbone. Another began to stroke his neck, fingers dipping into the all-too sensitive gaps between his vertebrae. One more started to stroke his arm, occasionally gripping down to provide a comforting squeeze. Finally, one last one dipped down to the waistband of his shorts and dragged them down.

There, nestled in the gap that his pelvis formed, was a blue cock made out of magic, already hard from the attention being given to his soul. The hand immediately took an interest in it and eagerly wrapped around the shaft, fingers massaging the length as it slowly stroked up and down it.

Sans whined, sounding almost as desperate as Gaster when he first appeared, and bucked up against the hand, causing more wonderful friction against his dick in the process. It was so good... So, so good, having a tongue around his soul and a hand on his cock, both of the two most sensitive spots on his body being paid attention to at once. With every slow stroke of the hand, with every meticulous lick of the tongue, more waves of pleasure washed over him, making his soul pulse and his length throb with need.

More... He needed more. More stimulation, more pleasure, just more of Gaster period. Another whine was released, this one tapering off into a shaking, needy moan. His teeth parted to allow a tongue of his own to loll out as his hips canted upwards, trying to gain as much friction from the hand as possible.

The quiet chuckle that Gaster made in response sent a shiver running through Sans’ body. “...Such desperation...” He commented despite the soul still in his mouth—that was one of the benefits of being a skeletal creature, you could talk even with a full mouth. “Are you quite sure you have not been waiting for this?” The question was punctuated by his hand moving up to the head of Sans’ cock, thumb beginning to rub gentle circles into it.

At first, Sans only answered with shuddering panting, sucking in and gasping out breath despite not needing to do so. Meanwhile, that thumb was smearing the precum leaking out of his slit across his head. His cock twitched every time it grazed over his hole, painfully hard at this point. Finally, he managed to give at least a semi-proper answer, doing his best to look Gaster in the sockets. “I... I might haaa... have. Got a p-problem with that, Gaster?”

For a moment, all of Gaster’s hands and his tongue paused in their movements, though