His wife had gone to the next room at his word and now they all sat in the living room, waiting for the verdict. Misaki admitted that his brother’s thoughts meant a lot to him, but if things came right down to it, he would choose to be with his lover. If he wasn’t there with Akihiko, he would worry and he would be preoccupied. He wouldn’t be able to function. When his brother finally did speak, it took everything he had not to run out of there to keep anything bad or good from reaching his ears. Part of him would rather be ignorant of the good or bad possibilities, than be torn apart by the truth.

Takahiro sighed as he looked down into his hands. This was a bit much. He could admit that he thought it was a little odd his brother chose to live with a man he had hardly known for a year. But he had chalked it up to what his friend had told him. It had been Misaki’s choice and therefore he wished to let him grow up. But to learn that all those years his friend had wanted him so ardently and then it changed to his younger brother…part of him wanted to believe he had allowed his brother to walk into the den of a pervert. The other part of him believed in the love story his friend told. It was true, he was getting married and therefore Usagi couldn’t ever persuade him to love him anymore. So he had to move on…Misaki had…cried for him…he had been so upset and their love was just automatic. Yes it was a convenient kind of love, but at the same time it was a wonderful love, a gorgeous love, a love that not many found. It was pure chemistry.

Looking up now he sighed and watched his brother blush further. It amazed Takahiro that despite the fact he was twenty-one now he still looked a bit like a teenager. Perhaps that’s what Usagi saw in him. He was young and it fed the youthful part of the writer as well. “So…” Takahiro took his time forming his response. He was hoping that a little more explanation would ease his doubts about this relationship. “How long did you have these feelings about men Misaki?” Takahiro had known Usami had a thing for men. It wasn’t because he had been hit on a few times, but mostly he paid attention to the other and understood he just didn’t seem interested in women. No matter how many pretty girls had ever asked him out, he just turned them down. Anyone would assume he just preferred the same sex. This now made Takahiro wonder, did Usami push these same thoughts onto his brother or had his brother just always felt that way. It was true, he had not dated much, but Takahiro had just thought perhaps he was shy or just awkward around the whole situation. Perhaps he had just focused on his studies and not worried about girls. It wasn’t completely unheard of. He had not really started dating until a few years after his parents death. He had been too driven, first by school and then by raising Misaki.

The younger brother looked up shocked. Before he could help it he was stumbling over his words and making wild hand gestures in the air. “NO!” He shook his head. Beside him he could see that damn arrogant smile on the rabbit’s face. “I don’t like guys, I don’t…it’s just…Usagi-San…he…he-…”

“He’s an exception?” Takahiro murmured. His brother nodded. That made him feel a little better. That meant that this wasn’t some experiment. It meant that his brother had just fallen for someone who happened to be male. But that brought up another thought, his friened was peculiar. He often made a point of being direct and forceful. So if that was the case, wouldn’t he have done the same to his brother? If he had ten this relationship was dangerous. Forcing someone into loving you or worse, into sex was wrong nad he wouldn’t forgive Akihiko if he had eer done anything like that to Misaki.  “And he didn’t…for-…” Takahiro looked at Akihiko this time. His friend simply stared off into nothing. There was no telling what he was thinking.

His brother went off the handle again. “Of course not…I-…I-…wouldn’t have let him do that if I…didn’t want him to.” His face took on a brighter shade of red.

Takahiro nodded again. His feelings were slowly going positive. He had worried that his friend had been more impulsive with his desires. Understanding that it was consensual made things easier for him. “And…you love him?” This was the most important question. Love was just love. It wasn’t something anyone could control and he had no right to take something away from his brother that he needed so ardently in his life. He waited now, looking for his brother