didn't want to have his first time with that stranger.

Sephiroth brought a kettle to the table and left again, returning once more with tea cups. He placed them on the table before serving the tea and taking a seat.

"Sit," the wolf said. He went back to eating his own sandwich.

The blond sighed and sat down, crossing his arms in front of his chest. He still didn't want to eat or drink anything.

"You're not thirsty, either?" Sephiroth asked after eating half of his first sandwich. "Or is it only because you're still upset?"

"I already said I didn't want anything. I'm just waiting until you're finished so we can end this here." The blond was still upset. He just didn't want to admit it. He began to think of a way to somehow steal the key, preferably when the wolf was distracted.

"Alright then," Sephiroth said with a shrug. He said nothing else as he finished his snack and began to sip the hot tea.

Cloud rubbed his eyes. This was really crazy. Here he sat with a stranger who wanted trade a key for his body. The blond wished he'd never used it. This was his punishment for that.

"What's wrong?" Sephiroth asked, taking a slow drink of his beverage afterwards.

"Nothing... I'm just tired," he lied.

"Do you want to go to sleep?" The Gatekeeper took a glance back at the cottage, looking suspiciously nervous. He then looked down at his tea

"No," the blond said. "I'm fine." He didn't think he'd be able to sleep near the wolf even if he was sleepy.

"Are you sure?" Sephiroth tilted his head. "I can find you a place to rest if you need one."

"I said no. Didn't you listen?" Cloud sighed again. He didn't have the time to keep this up any longer. "I just want to get this over with."

"I apologize. I didn't mean to offend you." Sephiroth finished his tea and pulled Cloud's plate towards himself and began to eat again, leaning forward and taking the blond's tea as well. "What do you mean by wanting to get this over with?"

Cloud turned away to hide the subtle red color on his cheeks. "You want my body...and I want the key. I don't want to waste any more time waiting."

"I see." Sephiroth took a drink from the tea. "Is that really what you want?"

Of course not! was what the blond really wanted to say. But he had no other choice. He began to get scared as he started to think more about what would happen, about what Sephiroth would do.

"Y-yes," he answered.

"Are you sure?" Quickly, the Gatekeeper added, "I only want to make sure you know what you're doing and that you are agreeing. Like I said, we don't have to do anything right now."

The blond rolled his eyes. What was going on in Sephiroth's head? He wanted the blond's body yet was talking like this at the same time. That man really was insane.

"I said I want to go home and I have no time, dammit!" he snapped.

The wolf raised a brow and put his tea cup down. "You realize that moving quickly can be damaging, right? But, if you so wish, then fine." He stood up and walked over to the trees, heading towards the forest. He waved a hand and said, "Come."

"Just be careful, okay?" Cloud was more nervous than he let on. This was the only way he could pay for the key. But at the moment, he really didn't think about what this would mean for him later. He got up and followed the other man.

Sephiroth's ears faced backward as he heard the blond's request. "Why wouldn't I be?" he asked rhetorically, moving forward. He weaved around the trees, going deeper into the forest.

Cloud found it strange that they were moving away from the cottage. Didn't the Gatekeeper want to do it there? Surely he didn't mean to do it outside.

Sephiroth stopped under a medium-sized tree and looked around. It appeared to be the same as the rest of the forest, but, much to Cloud's annoyance, the wolf sat down at the base of the tree and patted the ground next to him, inviting the blond to sit.

This couldn't have been a good place to do what they were going to do. Cloud sat by the silver-haired man's side and crossed his arms.

"What are we doing here? I said I wanted to get this over with quickly."

"That's exactly what we're going to do," Sephiroth said calmly. He roughly pulled