” the “O”s forming a snowman and it fits his frame to perfection.

And maybe all those feelings Zayn had for Liam aren’t as buried as he thought. It’s not like they ever were anything but friends. The quiet one in a pack of social butterflies and extroverts. They enjoyed the same comics, movies, and music. They always clicked, and that’s why Zayn always distanced himself from Liam, it was and still is kinda scary. How they never did anything beyond cuddle but Zayn could see building a life with Liam. It didn’t help that it all sunk in right before he was to move across the country for school.

Liam was better off without him, especially if this is what time has done to him. Last time Zayn saw Liam he was the epitome of boyish now he is on the verge of man.

They don’t say much at first, just not so casual glances shared between them while Niall seamlessly injects himself into Zayn’s previous group, telling a monster of a story.

Liam cannot seem to stop fidgeting and when he takes a sip of his drink to find it empty, Zayn jumps at the chance to pull him away. Grabbing Liam’s hand he calls over his shoulder, “Gonna refill our drinks, yeah?”

“How’ve a been Leeyum?” Zayn smiles up at Liam feeling 18 all over again.

“I’ve been good. It’s nice to finally have some time away from work and some time spent at home.” He smiles and tilts his head quirking his brow in a questioning manner, “You?” 

“Almost finished my dual grad program, thank fuck. Anymore time and I may go crazy.” Zayn’s double majoring in Literature and Art in a bachelor's and master's program to become a teacher.

“How is post grad life treating you? Taking the music industry by storm yet?” Liam is multi-talented, he went to school for music production, knows how to play several instruments, writes and can sing. Sometimes they would joke about dropping out of school and forming an R&B duo, both of them vocal equals and R&B enthusiasts. 

When Zayn is content, finished with the slightly less forced small talk of catching up he asks Liam to dance.

Maybe Zayn’s a masochist but he couldn’t resist any longer he needed an excuse to feel Liam up. And feel him up is what their dancing dissolves into. Almost a battle to see who can ignite the fire faster. Rough hands and the dirty sway of ass to dick burning through their veins.

Zayn spins around as the song changes to something slow. It’s from Adele’s latest album and it’s a bit too fitting of the emotions Zayn is feeling right now. A few people groan and Niall yells, “Katie no one wants to listen to Adele right now!”

Liam wraps his arms around Zayn’s neck as he grabs his waist pulling them closer together. They’re looking into eachother’s eyes as the words of the song rushes over them.


 … “cause you feel like home 



 you’re like a dream come true 


 

Liam starts humming along, he pulls Zayn closer as they sway. 


 But if by chance you’re here alone 



 Can I have a moment? 



 Before I go? 



 “Cause I’ve been by myself all night long 



 Hoping you’re someone, I used to know 


 

Zayn sighs happily and leans his head on Liam’s shoulder moving his hands from Liam’s hips to fully around his torso.


 You look like a movie 



 You sound like a song 



 my god this reminds me, 



 of when we were young. 


 

Liam turns his head slightly to whisper the lyrics on Zayn’s cheek. His smile evident as he sings the last line.

“Zayn?”

“Hmm?”

“Did you know I had the biggest crush on you when we were younger?” Liam’s not sure what spurs him to say it but he thinks it has something to do with the magic quality this whole night seems to have.

“Had? It’s a shame you’ve gotten over me cause I never got over you and I’ve been on cloud nine since you pulled me into one of your famous hugs.” Zayn locks eyes with Liam and smiles shakily.

Liam looks as if he’s stopped breathing for a moment, that is until Zayn pinches his hip, startling him,“Do you wanna get out of here?” Liam asks. To which Zayn simply nods. They don’t make it very far before Liam pushes Zayn up against a wall and presses their lips together.

 

Zayn’s intake of breath gives Liam exactly what he wants, deepening the kiss Liam slips his leg in between Zayn’s pinning him to the wall. their in a forgotten hallway towards the back of the house. Zayn remembers his hand, loosely gripping Liam’s hips and drags them up Liam’s sides when his fingers gently grave the sides of Liam’s neck he shivers and he presses his lips to Zayn’s with more