.”With that, she got up and headed for the bathroom to get dressed, leaving a flabbergasted Kathryn in her wake.

B’Elanna splashed cold water in her face and felt a hand being pressed against her back. She looked in the mirror to see the Captain stand behind her.Kathryn’s voice was soft. “I’m sorry, I was out of line in there.” B’Elanna let out a shaky breath. “Don’t worry about it, I wouldn’t do that again. I just wish it didn’t hurt so much. He was like a big brother to me. The only person on this ship who actually understood me.” 

Kathryn wrapped her arms around B’Elanna’s midsection and pressed against her back. They looked at each other in the mirror. “I know the feeling…” Kathryn murmured. “You mean he was like a big brother to you too?” B’Elanna quipped in an attempt to lighten the mood a little.It worked as Kathryn chuckled. “No silly. I was referring to the other things you said.”B’Elanna just smiled. 

“He was deeply in love with you, you know…” She uttered out of the blue. Kathryn closed her eyes and nodded. “I know.” They stood silent for a few minutes until Kathryn surprised B’Elanna with her next words. “I feel so guilty about it.”B’Elanna turned around to look at her Captain. “About what?” With her eyes cast down, Kathryn quietly explained. “About the fact that he loved me and I couldn’t return his feelings. I cared deeply for him, but I didn’t love him the way he loved me. Even though he deserved it.” 

B’Elanna took Kathryn’s head in her hands and looked intensely in her eyes. “That’s not your fault! I’m sure he understood. The important thing is that you were his friend, and a good one at that. Love can’t be forced. Even Chakotay knew that.”She had a point; Kathryn had to admit that. “Thank you B’Elanna. You seem to have a knack of knowing what to say to make me feel better. If it weren’t for you, I’d probably still be sitting on my couch with my eyes closed, refusing to believe that this is all real.” B’Elanna cocked her head. “Well, technically, you’d be standing outside Sickbay doors with your eyes closed. But… you’re welcome. Now maybe you could help me by overlooking the fact that I’m already half an hour late for my duty shift?” Kathryn chuckled. “Deal.”

 

~  ~  ~

 

That evening, Kathryn was gazing at the stars trough the window in her quarters. She wanted to say goodnight to Chakotay whose body was floating in that vast expanse of space out there and whose soul was hopefully looking down on her and her crew. “I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to that big empty chair next to mine on the Bridge, Chakotay. And it will definitely be strange to see Tuvok occupy it in the future. We all miss you so much. I hope that, wherever you are, you found the peace you searched for your whole life… the peace that I couldn’t give you. Not really, although I wish I could have.” 

Tears welled up in her eyes and she angrily brushed them away. If only B’Elanna were here to hold her, to make it all right…She checked the time. It wasn’t too late to call her yet, was it? Unless she was busy of course. She inquired the Computer for B’Elanna’s whereabouts. “Lieutenant Torres is in Engineering.” Came the neutral reply. Kathryn frowned. It was well past her duty shift. Looked like she was going to take a stroll past Engineering this evening. She grabbed her uniform jacket and exited her quarters. 

 

~  ~  ~

 

“Isn’t it way past your duty shift?”B’Elanna jumped up and bumped her head against a console. “Damn it! Oh, Captain! Sorry. Uh, I guess it is. Lost track of time. What can I do for you?” Suddenly Kathryn felt silly for being in Engineering at this hour, only to see B’Elanna. What was with her lately? “I, uh, I was just taking a walk…” She stammered and blushed uncharacteristically. She hoped B’Elanna wouldn’t notice.

B’Elanna noticed all right, but decided not to comment on it.The console on her left beeped to signal the end of a diagnostic she had been conducting. Everything was in order and she turned to the Captain.“I’m finished here for tonight I suppose. I’m going to catch some sleep, unless there’s something else you need?”

The question hung in the air and B’Elanna silently wondered if she had misread her Captain’s need for company. The thought was accompanied by a twinge