, you mean that Levi. I hadn't realized you were one of us. I figured you'd be a bit more flamboyant about it and be hugging us right now or something. But I'll take this too. Less uncomfortable for the rest of us."

Armin tilted his head, considering Reiner's words and adding it to his store of information. "I assume you're talking about the friend of Erwin's that's been coming by here a lot recently." Eren had mentioned that one of Erwin's friends was showing up weirdly often, despite supposedly not having done so before. Armin wasn't sure whether Eren had ever mentioned the man's name, but Levi was the name of one of Erwin's few friends. He thought about it some more, making connections. "I suppose that means you're Levi's friend as well. How are we setting them up exactly?"

"To hook up with each other, obviously," Reiner answered, even though he shouldn't know the reason. Hanji nodded quickly in agreement.

"Is Levi attracted to Eren or something?" Armin already knew it wasn't the other way around.

Hanji laughed manically. "That's one way to put it!"

"I'm in," Reiner quickly agreed. "This is going to be fun."

"Fun?" Armin protested. "It sounds dangerous. I won't agree to this."

"How is it dangerous?"

"For Eren! She makes it sound like Levi wants to, you know..." He trailed off, not wanting to say the words. Armin shook his head, then spoke firmly. "I don't think he's interested in Eren for the right reasons. From what I know, he's much older and he barely knows Eren."

"That's not actually true," Hanji disagreed. "Levi comes here multiple times a week and every time he talks with Eren a great deal. And he's only twenty-six."

"But you didn't disagree that his interest is questionable," Armin pointed out.

Hanji groaned at his continued obstinance. "You have to help us! They'd be so good together."

"Fought all the time though," Reiner commented for the sake of accuracy.

"Friendly fighting," Hanji corrected.

Reiner laughed. "If it was so friendly, then why would there be any need for angry make-up sex?"

Armin frantically waved his hands in front of his face, promptly turning red. "Why are we even talking about this? I am not helping you set your best friend up with mine!"

Hanji was pouting, her plans seemingly foiled. "Not even for one little date?"

Armin actually considered it. Hanji did tend to have good insight, although she was probably biased in this case. She wasn't the type to have layered plans like Erwin though, so she most likely was saying exactly what she thought. He reluctantly admitted that Eren did seem to think well of Levi despite his off-putting manner, and while Levi's outward personality left a bit to be desired, he did seem to have a good core. It was possible that Hanji was right. "I suppose if it's just one, in a public location. After that it's up to them if they want to continue the relationship."

"Thank you!" Hanji squealed, tackling Armin and nearly knocking him off of his chair.

Eren came over to see what the commotion was, but instantly wrote it off as the scientist being over-enthusiastic again. He was about to walk away when she stopped him with a question.

"What do you think of Levi?

Having not heard the rest of the conversation, Eren thought the inquiry a bit random. Then again, it was Hanji. She had a tendency to think in circles and squiggles rather than straight lines. Deciding caution was the best response, he considered his answer carefully. "He's not very sociable."

Hanji rolled her eyes. That was clearly not what she wanted to hear.

It was Reiner who responded though. "That's a terrible answer."

Eren quickly got the feeling that both of his friends were in on whatever Hanji's plot was. He focused his gaze on Armin, trying to guilt an explanation out of him.

Armin felt no compulsion to hide it. "She wants to know if you're interested in him."

"You mean romantically?"

Reiner scoffed. "How else would we mean it?"

Eren didn't miss the collective pronoun. Hanji wasn't the only one who wanted to know. They were definitely all in on it. "I'm not," he answered with no hesitation. "Why should I be? He's not very attractive and it's not like his personality's any better."

"Interesting." Reiner drew the word out, a sly grin on his face. "You don't find him attractive?"

Eren couldn't understand why that was the part he picked up on. "