of feet.Having not much to lose, Kise wrenched open the car door and clambered quickly inside.

A sudden weight collided with the car, causing it to rock. Kise was thrown into the opposite door and turned to see the stranger now half in the car, aggressively trying to kick a zombie away from his foot. The car started forward, pulling the zombie off it’s feet and giving the stranger enough time to kick it backwards onto the pavement.

“Shut the door!” the driver yelled. The stranger swore back and pulled the door shut just in time for another zombie to hurl itself against the side of the car.

The car shot forwards onto the motorway, the tires screeching at the sudden burst of speed. Kise was thrown again against the seat of the car desperately looking around for something to grab onto and right himself. Once steady, he glanced back through the window, at the horde that was being quickly being left behind.

 

 

 

The car had began to pick up a steady speed down the motorway. There wasn't any light, all the lamppost having been broken, causing the outside to be pitch black. Kise slid his hand into the pocket where the walkie talkie was, gently running his fingers along the small buttons and knobs. The small machine had caused so much chaos in the last 24 hours, and yet Kise wouldn’t even consider leaving it. While it had also saved them (probably, Kise didn’t want to think he had just blindly trusted a random guy and got into his car), he felt more sentimental over the walkie talkie. Maybe it was all the time he had put into fixing it and getting it to almost work. Maybe it was because it showed their group weren’t alone in the world after all.

There was a break in the high buildings and Kise could see the tower, their old base, before it promptly vanished behind more buildings. Sighing, lifting a finger to momentarily trace the glass where it had just been.

 

“Will you miss it?”

Kise looked around for where the monotone voice had come from. He was pretty sure it wasn’t deep enough to come from the stranger, who was now slumped in the opposite seat, his mask pulled over his face. It didn’t look like the driver had said anything either. He heard someone clear their throat before jumping in his seat.

A young man was staring intently at him from the front seat and Kise was pretty sure he hadn’t been there before. Looking around the car, confused, Kise looked back at the young man. He had a bright shock of light blue hair, and haunting eyes that matched. His gaze hadn’t wavered from Kise, and Kise was starting to feel more uneasy than confused.

“Was that you?” Kise asked. The other nodded and continued to stare at Kise, as if he was still expecting an answer.

“Oh sorry, I didn’t notice you were there,” Kise smiled slightly, bringing up a hand to fiddle with some strands of hair. He didn’t want to appear too startled or unfriendly to this new person (unlike others in the car, he hadn’t done anything jerkish).

“Most people don’t,” the young man said before disappearing briefly. Kise blinked. He wasn’t sure if the other had made a joke or not, his face had stayed expressionless. The face appeared again, but this time he pushed a small box through the gap in between the seat and headrest. After some hesitation, Kise reached up and took the box. The packaging was worn away, but Kise could make out the old packaging.

He felt a warmth spread through his body. Looking back at the other, Kise’s mouth curved into a smile. It felt silly, but genuine. “Thanks,” he said, brushing his thumb over the battered packaging. The other nodded, then continued to stare at Kise.

“He doesn’t give that to just anyone.”

Kise looked up as the driver spoke. He was focused on the road, but would turn back every now and again. He noticed Kise looking in his direction and nodded at the box.

“The Pocky. Someone back at base has a whole bunch of sweets and Kuroko managed to steal some,” the driver continued. The young man, Kuroko (Kise assumed), gave a small smile. “Yeah, well now Murasakibara is mad at me because I helped you,” The driver shook his head and muttered, quickly taking his hand off the wheel to poke Kuroko. He squirmed and swatted the hand away, this time turning fully in his seat to face Kise.

 

“I’m Kuroko. And this is Kagami,” the driver waved, but stayed turned towards the road as Kuroko continued. “The others had to leave before us, but we’re taking you back to the base now.”

The driver, Kagami, cut in. “You know I’m impressed. I didn’t think that little radio worked at all! Lucky for you, we have some stubborn bastards on our team.”

Kise pulled out