closed her eyes to at least give her body the illusion of sleep and settled further into the seat, tucking her legs beneath her. She turned away from the window, feeling the slight draft through the glass. She willed her brain to keep haunting memories from her, at least for a little while so she could function in the morning.

It did. 

 

Like the morning before, Olivia woke stiff and cramped, winced when she stretched her legs out and both her hips and knees popped. The driver’s seat was empty but a quick glance in the rearview mirror told her Negan was leaning over the bed of the truck, the tailgate lowered. Carlos, Adam, and Dwight flanked him as they pored over what looked like a map. He had a construction pencil tucked behind his ear, and Olivia pondered momentarily at the illusion of normalcy. He pulled it from his ear and marked a place on the map, probably the places they’d been the past couple of days. His brow was deeply furrowed, either in concentration or in frustration, or perhaps a bit of both. Olivia breathed a sigh through her nose and shoved her feet into her boots, lacing them quickly. The heat of the morning sun hit her like a freight train; it’d been so cool in the truck overnight, and she had welcomed the break in the heat. But the sun was out in full force as she dropped her feet onto the dirt and closed the door. The men’s heads snapped up suddenly, but relaxed and continued their examination of the map. She came to stand beside Dwight and half-expected them to pull the map from her view. But they didn’t; Adam and Carlos ducked their heads in greeting, and Olivia only managed a stiff nod. Her eyes traveled over the map, a giant red X marking the Sanctuary’s location. Four circles were scattered in close proximity to the X, confirming Olivia’s previous thought.

“Looks like there might be a barracks here,” Dwight said, leaning forward to touch his finger to what looked like an empty place on the map to Olivia between a small black X, the location of the small town and the bar they’d bunked in, and the Sanctuary. But the others hummed agreement as they studied the area; cartography had never been her particular forte. “We could take a detour, check it out.”

Olivia gave one quick shake of her head, the movement drawing everyone’s attention. “Army barracks are usually the first places survivors will check. Not to mention, if they found refuge there Before, and shit went south, it’s bound to be overrun.” Again, the men surpassed her expectations; where she’d anticipated them to laugh and brush her off, instead they seemed to mull over her words. As the other three men turned back to the map, Negan eyed her over Adam’s lowered blonde head. Something akin to admiration was reflected in his eyes as he held her gaze. Uncomfortable, she shifted her weight and dropped her eyes back down to the map.

She skimmed the map, cursing that she’d never thought to take a cartography class back in college. But her eyes fell on a cluster of triangles not too far from their current location. She dropped her finger on it and the men all leaned closer.

“What’s this here?” she asked. Dwight squinted.

“Looks like a tourist attraction. Some kind of campground, maybe.”

“Could turn up useful for supplies. Campers go away for the weekend, pack a lot of gear, world goes to shit. Might be worth a shot.” Her eyes had lifted back to Negan, waiting for his ultimate approval. He was studying the map, turning over pros and cons in his mind, but her reasoning seemed to make up his mind and she was surprised to find him nodding.

“Might be she’s right. Hot fucking damn, dollface.” He was grinning now, flashing his straight white teeth as the smile split his face. She felt a small bout of pride well up in her stomach, but she didn’t return his smile. Negan folded up the map and shoved into a pocket inside his leather jacket.

“All right. We do as the lady says,” he boomed over them. With a whirling motion of his finger, the men moved back to their vehicles. Negan stayed back a moment, looking like he wanted to say something. But he couldn’t find the words, so his mouth opened and closed twice.

“Careful, Negan,” Olivia muttered, turning towards the passenger door, “or some flies might get in there.” His booming laughter shook her insides and, with her face turned away, she briefly allowed herself a small grin. It fell, though, as soon as Negan climbed into the driver’s seat.

“Y’know, sweetcheeks, you’re not the fucking hard-ass you make yourself out be,” he said, amused.

“Funny. I could say the same about you.” She turned a pointed look towards him and he