t bother righting himself just yet.

Instead he snaps his hand upwards, sending a row of bones erupting out of the ground beneath her feet— she curses, and though she manages to side-step the worst of it, two of the bones catches the side of her foot, sending her stumbling.

Papyrus rights himself while she's stumbling to the side, summoning forth a more sturdy-made bone.

And then she's standing straight again, glowering over at him.

Rude, her eyes says.

Papyrus grins cheekily. "C'MON UNDYNE! I THOUGHT YOU WERE THE HEAD OF THE ROYAL GUARD?"

Her eyes narrows to slit, and Papyrus nyehehe's loudly; he's not taken by surprise when she sends three spears his way.

He dodges the first two, sends the third flying to the side— he scrambles back to avoid a spear to the face, and side-steps a stab from Undyne.

"Stand still!" she barks, swinging her spear in from the right— he blocks it with a bone.

"NO!" he laughs, and then she's kicking his feet out from under him.

He manages to land on one knee, instead of going skull-first into the ground; he has no time to regroup.

He throws himself forward, rolling away from a spear— he scrambles to his feet as quick as he can, and barely manages to block Undyne's next attack.

It becomes a fury of attacks— Undyne swings, and Papyrus meets her, blocking and parrying as best as he can.

The grin on her face is wide, and Papyrus is sure he's wearing a matching one.

Eventually, they break away from each other— Papyrus quick-jumping back, and Undyne follows to circles him, spear trailing across the dirt as she walks.

There's a few spears buried around in the ground, already starting to flake away— Papyrus side-steps a hurtled spear, and while she's summoning forth three more to throw, he summon forth a blockade of bones.

The two attack clashes with a loud, cracking sound— spears snapping the bone, but also bursting against them. Neither of the two attack survives each other.

Undyne dodges a bone, then another— they bury themselves into the ground behind her, and then she's the one on the defensive.

A right swing, a left kick— she twists away from a hail of needle-thin bones, and blocks an overhead swing.

Papyrus' skull slams into hers, and she's stumbling backwards, cursing loudly.

Her vision's gone, but no way is she going to let Papyrus pin her now! She snaps forth a row of spears, laughs when he lets out a surprised squeak.

"UNDYNE!" he whines at her, and she blinks the rests of the dots away, laughing harder when she sees the look on his face— like a little kid.

"You're not the only one who can do that trick!" she shouts as she jumps forward, over her row of spears and right into his face—

He flails away, and she lands crouched, another spear already in her hand.

She snaps it upwards, and this time, he's the one cursing— it nicks across his chin, leaves a line in its wake.

He kicks out, manages to send her spear sailing upwards— she jumps forward, catches him by the ribs and sends them both into the dirt.

Her breath leaves her in an oomph, and Papyrus is in a no better state— she rears back, ignores the sting to her ribs, and while she's swinging her hand back for momentum, she summons another spear into it.

Just as she's about to land the finishing blow, his hands finds her ribs and pushes.

She tips, hits the ground shoulder-first— the spear flies out of her grip and tumbles across the dirt.

She turns onto her hands, flips up to her feet— she ducks under a bone, and turns with a spin, nearly catching Papyrus' foot with hers.

But nope, he manages to step back just in time— his eyes meets her, and the wide grin on his face makes hers twitch even bigger.

Undyne is gearing up for another hail of spears, letting magic flicker at her fingertips— she doesn't break eye-contact, a bid at distracting Papyrus enough to score a good, solid hit.

It's the only reason she catches it.

His eyes slides away from hers, focuses on something behind her— his whole face seizes, grin turning into a shocked grimace, sockets blowing wide.

And then a bone, sharpened to a point, is hurtling towards her face, and she only just manages to avoid it; it catches a bit of her fin, and she's not smiling anymore.

"Papyrus! What the fuck!"

He startles. Shoulders jerking forwards, eyes snapping to her— his chest heaves, and the expression on his face makes her soul twist.

She steps forward, keeps a rapt eye on him. "Pap—