still has to discover. Like that stormy summer afternoon, years ago, when rain caught them and they had to run back to his home. Soaking wet, they took off their clothes the moment they entered the house. It was Tooru who pushed Hajime up against the wall, over the edge and kissed him breathless.

And now that they’re older and wiser and admittedly, not running high on teenage hormones, he still finds himself breathless when Tooru looks at him like that.  Click. 

Tooru is shirtless now, his knees pressed to Hajime’s sides and he knows that look. He closes his eyes when he feels Tooru’s fingers sliding up his chest, and opens his mouth when they graze his lips.  Click.  His finger hits the button when Tooru pushes his index and middle finger in his mouth. He sucks on them, breathing through his nose, and his thoughts are slowly dissolving. Tooru’s sly smile kills the last of Hajime’s sanity, as he moves up, sitting on Hajime’s groin.

His wet fingers are travelling up Hajime’s collarbone, his eyes closed. He lets Tooru to play him like an instrument, to get out of him all the right sounds. He feels his fingers taking away the camera, one last  click  and then Tooru puts it on the table. He takes Hajime’s hands in his, intertwining fingers as he has him just where he wants. He puts his hands above his head, guiding them to hold the legs of the sofa.

“Hold on tight,” Tooru breathes in his ear, “and enjoy the show.”

Hajime’s grip tightens in reply, but his hands stay where they have been put. He feels knots in his stomach and his lungs hurt from holding breath too long. He is impatient and a little nervous, too.

Tooru stands up, taking off his underwear. He is standing naked, staring down at Hajime, and he  smirks  as he touches himself. He sits back down and sighs happily when he feels Hajime through his pants.

He takes his sweet time, hand slowly stroking his cock, his heavy eyes on Hajime, tying him down. Hajime’s curious gaze travels down, and Tooru’s hips move in a slow, torturous rhythm.  He leans forward, lips barely touching his.

“Eyes up here.”

Hajime chuckles and closes his eyes.  He loves him so much. Opening his eyes slowly, he whispers: “How?”

Tooru stops, at loss for words.

Hajime’s hips lift up.

“Hah,” Tooru says, voice low, “You play dirty.”

His hands wrap around his wrists, holding him down, while he drags his tongue over Hajime’s biceps. He hisses in pain when Tooru bites him. His cock stiffens. He feels him chuckle against his skin, lips kissing their way up to Hajime’s wrists. His lips move to kiss Hajime’s palms, but as he lets go of his wrists, Hajime pushes himself up, surprising him. His hands embrace Tooru’s face.  He loves this man so much. 

He presses his forehead against his.

“Let me take care of you.”

Tooru’s eyes close and his body goes completely pliant in Hajime’s arms. He sighs, a tiny crease forming on his forehead,

“I lose two months of life when you’re like this.”

“Let me,” Hajime whispers, kissing his closed eyelids, “Please.”

He nods, emotions too caught up in throat to let him speak. He shudders when he feels lips against the crown of his head, then travelling down his jawline, marking him up, worshipping him like a holy thing. His breathy moans into Tooru’s shoulder are a prayer and a string of  fuckfuckplease  a desperate litany. It is too overwhelming, too much to take. He gives himself to Tooru so easily, so selflessly, like a martyr. “Let me, too,” Tooru whispers, and Hajime’s hands in his hair tighten.  Take me. 

Tooru’s hands pull down his waistband, just enough to take out his cock, pressing a thumb on the head. He isn't gentle. Hajime doesn't want him to be.

He bites down on his lip, his forehead on his shoulder. His hands in Tooru’s hair, and those slow little thrusts, that urge him to do something.  Anything. 

 “ I like it when you’re like this.”

“Like how?”

“So open in my arms,” Tooru murmurs in the crook of his neck, “so good.”

Hajime tugs at his hair, lips searching for his, but Tooru doesn't let him. He only smiles, leaning back. His hand moves down, stroking him slowly.

“Be good,” he breathes in his ear.

He is beautiful like this, his head bowed, his bare neck like an offering.  Take me, take all of me. Tooru’s other hand wraps around his neck, pressing down on windpipe just enough to feel Hajime’s breath stutter. He presses his thumb against his apple,