was doing here: he had stolen this crown and needed a place to hide. He probably though he was going to get away with it, hiding out here for a few day,s and then running off with his crown to do….whatever else thieves did besides thieving. Well, he was going to have to think of something else, because he wasn't getting this back. 

At least, not for free. 

 

 

 

Neal slowly lifted his head, wincing against the harsh sunlight piercing his eyes. 

“What the—?” His vision was still too blurry to quite make out his surroundings, but his chest felt oddly constricted…Oh, damn it. He shifted his shoulders, trying to loosen the ropes that bound him to the wooden chair, but it was no use: whoever had tied these had done a thorough job.

Okay, don’t panic, he told himself, trying to steady his hammering heart. Let’s just remain calm and figure out the situation. 

He rolled his head around a few times, inhaling sharply at the pain:  it ached, like he had smacked it against a stone wall or something. Had he? He couldn't quite remember, things were a little fuzzy right now.

Let’s see… he had climbed the tower until he reached one of the archer windows, that was still very fresh in his mind. Then there was a staircase—a really, really long one. He had climbed for what felt like hours (but was probably only ten or fifteen minutes), and then there was a wooden door…uh…what happened next? 

“Looking for this?”

Neal snapped his head up, instantly regretting it: his eyes watered in pain, turning his vision even blurrier, but he could make out the vague outline of a girl with long blonde hair, dangling something shiny from her fingers…


The crown. 


“Hey,” Neal said instantly. “Hey, that’s not yours.”

“Oh, I know,” the girl said, sounding supremely unconcerned. “But it’s not yours, either, is it?”

She walked closer, pointing what looked like a…frying pan at him. Neal raised an eyebrow as she rested the tip at his neck. 

“Is that supposed to intimidate me?”

The girl’s eye twitched, and she shoved it more forcefully against his neck. “No.”

“Oh. Okay, then.” Neal fidgeted as much as he could, struggling against the ropes. “You gonna untie me, or what?”

“I’ll ask the questions, thank you.” The girl smirked at him, twirling the pan around in a circle and bumping it on the palm of her hand. “Who are you?”

“Who are you?”

The girl frowned. “Are you deaf, or stupid? I just said, I’m asking the questions.”

“Sassy,” Neal grinned. “I like that.” He gave a modest little shrug. “The name’s Neal Cassidy. I’m kind of a big deal.”

“Is that so?” she said dryly. 

“Oh, you better believe it’s so.”

“I’ll take your word for it.” The girl began to walk in a slow circle around him, eyeing him suspiciously. “Where did you get the crown?”

“Don’t remember.”

She stopped, frowning at him. “You’re lying.”

“Yes.”

“Then where did you get the crown?”

“Not telling.” 

She looked frustrated. “If you don’t tell me, you’re not getting it back.”

“Oh, did you plan on giving it back to me?”

“No.”

“Hmm…We seem to be at an impasse.” Neal blew out a breath, looking down at ropes binding his arms and legs. “So, you gonna untie me?”

“Why would I do that?” she scoffed. “You’re my prisoner, and I’m interrogating you.”

Neal smiled. “You’re adorable. Really. Frying pan’s a little weird, but I’ll give you points for creativity. However—“ he struggled a little more against the ropes—“I really do need to be on my way, so if you could just be a lamb and untie me…?”

“Absolutely not.”

“Oh, come on!” he snapped. 

“You’re a fiend!” she accused. “You’re thieving, lying, dangerous fiend! Why would I untie you?”

“Look, Blondie, all I want to do is get out of here. I’m not gonna hurt you, I just want to take my crown and go. Okay?”

“My name isn’t Blondie,” she said witheringly, folding her arms. “It’s Emma.”

“Emma,” he repeated, forcing a smile on his face. “Very cute. Well, Emma—what do you say? Just snip these ropes, toss me the crown, and I’ll be out of your way in no time.”

Emma looked at him for a long time, her eyes narrowed