Chanyeol doesn’t understand how Baekhyun can sit still for an hour whilst eyeshadow is dusted across his lids and kohl is lined along his waterline. Chanyeol is too restless, unable to sit still for more than ten minutes at a time and he drums his fingers impatiently along his thighs while he waits for Baekhyun to be done in the makeup chair. Luhan is still nowhere to be seen and they can’t perform without their guitarist, which just adds to Chanyeol’s restlessness. Jongin’s makeup is already done and he lounges in the spot next to Chanyeol, picking at the rips in his jeans as he rests his head onto Chanyeol’s shoulder so he can nap.

“Jongin, please don’t fall asleep. You’ll ruin your makeup.” Yixing chides and Jongin grumbles to himself before sitting straight. “Yeol, let me do your face.”

The unintentional innuendo is well received on Baekhyun’s part and he snorts as he gets up from the makeup chair and whispers a ‘kinky’ into Chanyeol’s ear as he walks past, and Chanyeol fights the urge to punch Baekhyun in the throat (and he would have if Baekhyun wasn’t their lead singer).

Chanyeol slides into the chair and he looks at himself in the mirror. He looks tired, but Yixing does a good job in hiding it. He still doesn’t know why Yixing doesn’t pursue music with all the talent he has, but he can’t deny that Yixing is skilled in the art of makeup as well as his musical counterpart. Yixing is always gentle, and takes his time to accentuate the features of Chanyeol’s face; to create the right amount of intimidating for Chanyeol’s ‘boy next door’ features that are no match for his bandmates’ natural seductiveness.

Chanyeol is stressed. He’s stressed since Yixing takes a minimum of half an hour to do his stage makeup and that means Yixing is in close proximity to Chanyeol’s face for half an hour  minimum. 

The only time that Chanyeol seems to sit still is when Yixing’s hands are on him; pushing his hair back to get better access to his eyes and tilting his head back to run red eyeshadow along his lower lash line. His eyes water and Yixing chuckles. He makes the mistake of opening his eyes when he doesn’t feel the assault of an eyeshadow brush. As his eyes open, he’s met face to face with Yixing who examines him closely.

“Are you ready for tonight?” Yixing asks softly, not doing much with his hands.

“I guess so.” Chanyeol replies, soft spoken and completely out of character.

“No sign of Luhan?”

“No.” Chanyeol sighs and lets Yixing turn his head slightly to highlight his cheek. “But he should be here soon – he should.” He repeats because Luhan is unpredictable.

“He was never one for punctuality.”

“You’re not wrong.” Chanyeol sighs for a second time, flinching when Yixing brushes the fallout on his cheeks. “If Luhan doesn’t get here in time, do you want to fill in for him?-”

“I can’t do that,” Yixing chuckles, hands straying away from his face and Chanyeol is left staring. “Luhan will be here,” he says. “He always comes, no matter how late he is.” It still confuses him, how Yixing’s talent is hidden – how he prefers to be behind the scenes rather than centre stage.

Luhan arrives just in time for Yixing scold him for being late  again; and he runs wax-slicked hands through Luhan’s hair to style it and messily draw black around his eyes before they’re onstage. Chanyeol can’t see far into the crowd from his position. The drums close to the back of the stage and smoke wisps into the air, but he can see Yixing standing at the side; an almost proud smile on his lips.

He’s the first person to congratulate them after they get off stage and the adrenaline runs through Chanyeol’s veins as he pulls Yixing into a bone-crushing hug that causes the latter to laugh. He lets go and Yixing rubs at his arms from where Chanyeol held him too tight.

“You really should perform with us next time.” Chanyeol says with a small pout. “They’ll love you out there.”

“I’m sure they would,” Yixing shakes his head and chuckles. “But I like watching you do what you love more.” He then reaches up to fix the stray strands of Chanyeol’s hair.

Chanyeol is bewildered. “What?”

Before Yixing can reply, he’s pulled away by Baekhyun and Chanyeol’s left alone but with a warm feeling in his chest.