’t that Haru wasn’t happy to see him. That was far from the case truth be told Haru would be lying if he said at times the vast emptiness of the house didn’t get to him. It got to the point where staying within the confines of the tub made the room feel a lot smaller than it really was. A lot less lonely.

“EHHH? Haru-chand didn’t tell me about you though! How come we didn’t see you in Middleschool!” Nagisa said between stuffing his mouth with several types of cakes that had been laid out at the table for them.  

“Well I was there…I remember you coming up to me several times thinking I was Haru it was so cute I couldn’t help it!”

“No offence Hisoka-san-chan”

“san-chan?”

“But I don’t think you’d pull of Haruka-senpai well…personality wise I mean”

“So not true. Watch” he flipped his raven hair to both sides before gazing at Nagisa with a menacing stare. “Lay off the chan…….…Buzz off…………..I only swim Freestyle.” He said in a monotone that made Nagisa and Makoto burst in a chuckle as Haru lay there with his eye twitching.

“2/10 That wasn’t beautiful…Haruka-senpai does it in a more Refine manner”

“There’s a refine way to tell someone off? Do tell ugh?”

“Rei”

“Ahh, Rei and Nagisa” he threw his arm around Haru’s neck with a grin. “So what have you you guys been up too with Ruka-chan!”

“We started a swim club!”

“a swim club eh? I thought you were done with those bro”

“If you called more you’d know” Haru said drinking his tea not even bothering to hide his irritation.

“I know I know~ but the times I do call you’re never home! Mom and Dad tell me what you’re up too most of the time and I talked to you and you didn’t mention it either!”

“Hn.”

“Don’t be like that Ruka-chan! I said I’m sorry! I always forget the timezones are different here I leave a ton of messages though! !”

“Timezones?” Rei questioned. “You were out of the country?”

“Yep.  I was in America for a bit got a scholarship for a school up there!” He said before his tone switched to a whining one rubbing his head against Haru’s shoulder. “Please don’t stay mad at me Ruka-chan I said I’m sorry!”

“Maybe you should start with the ruka-chan” Makoto laughed. “You haven’t changed a bit”

“I can’t believe Haru had a twin and you didn’t tell me!” Nagisa pouted his mouth still stuffed with food. 

Makoto smiled finishing his Curry and drink. “So what have you been up to Hiso-chan?”

“Hm?” he perked up from Haru’s shoulder rubbing the back of his head. “The same old boring school work and tiring sport seasons”

“Do you swim as well?” Rei asked cringing at Nagisa’s 8th plate of sweets.

“Not really I can but I do basketball~ I’m not really a water person”

“Say that again and you won’t be my brother either..”

“Ahh so Mean, Come on don’t be mad!” Hisoka groaned rubbing his head against his shoulder once again having to slump his body downwards to do so since they were the same height. 

“Wow, it’s so weird looking at a person who looks like Haruka-senpai say he doesn’t like water”

“Well what can I say…….but you know some weird people bro..Earlier when I was at the store this red hair dude with serious dental issues challenged me for a swim race….at his school’s pool…He didn’t even buy I wasn’t you not that I corrected him…to be honest!”

“Wait wah!?” The trio said in shocked.

“You raced Rin?”  Haru asked

“More guys with girl names….seriously bro do you hold out a sign for them and yep…he almost had me there..though he’s seriously fast”

“You won?”

“Barely.”

“EH? But you..how?  can you win against Rin with no practice!”

“I didn’t say I don’t swim…I mean…..California has some really cool beaches plus I train with Aki a lot to help her practice!”

“Aki’s there too?” Makoto smiled remembering their female friend from elementary school. An amazing swimmer in her own right as well, they went to the same Middle school but Aki graduated and went elsewhere he had no idea that place was in America.   Though he did recall he and Aki were best friends during those years.

“Yep, she’s like my own Ruka-chan….nagging me constantly about being lazy”

“That’s