he got up and stalked forward, circling Merlin and examining him with scornful eyes.

“I mean, I guess you have the whole nubile thing going for you. But if that's what you want, why pick some unkempt loser? Surely there must be better in this town. I really have to teach Arthur some standards.”

Merlin bristled and shot the boy a deadly glare as he crossed his arms over his chest.

“What are you doing here? And where's Arthur?”

The boy cocked his head. “Arthur's picking up snacks. Personally, I hope for a brunette or a redhead maybe. Something sweet and innocent.”

A leaden feeling settled in Merlin's stomach. “You're a vampire,” he said, and he wasn't really afraid, but suddenly there was a different sort of explanation for the whole display of kitschy romance.

“Clever boy.” The vampire's eyes glowed and there was an intense look in them as he said, “Now why don't you go and sit in the corner until your master comes back?”

Merlin scoffed. “Yeah, sure. If you say so.”

The glowing eyes narrowed. “Sit in the corner. Pet.”

“Why don't you go sit in the corner?”

“Do as I—”

In that moment the gate was pushed back with a bang and Arthur stood there, fangs glinting and two shopping bags seemingly forgotten at his feet. “What the fuck is this? I thought I told you I had plans tonight and for you to piss off, Mordred.”

The other vampire—Mordred—raised his eyebrows. “Is that the way to treat your eternal mate?”

Arthur rolled his eyes. “I wouldn't know. I'm not in the habit of reading trashy vampire novels like you do.”

“Oh, Artie, don't be that way.” From one blink of an eye to the next, Mordred was draped over Arthur's side like one of the gaudy, new curtains. “I thought Morgause had taught you to share your toys,” he said, licking his lips. “I mean, this one's a bit shabby, but I'm willing to overlook that since I'm feeling rather peckish." He frowned down at the shopping bags. "And apparently you haven't brought anything else.”

Arthur visibly grit his teeth but sent Merlin an apologetic look as he wrapped one strong arm around Mordred's waist.

“I'm sorry, Merlin,” he said. “But I think it would be better if you go. We can play another time, okay?”

“Why send him away?” Mordred leaned forward in Arthur's embrace. “I love to play games. I'll be the cat, and your little boy looks like a perfect fit to play a mouse.”

Arthur ignored him. “Please, Merlin. Just go home. And don't take any detours either. I'll explain later.”

Merlin didn't know what to say. His throat felt constricted and his stomach was twisting itself into knots. He realized that Arthur probably wasn't celibate, but he had always done his best to not think about it, and up until now Arthur had never let it get in the way of their friendship. Up until now he had never chosen someone else over Merlin.

He nodded silently, not trusting his voice. As he walked past Arthur, he ducked his head and didn't look at either of them, hoping that the dim light was hiding the hurt on his face. He didn't want to give Mordred the satisfaction. And he didn't want to know that Arthur had seen and didn't care.

As soon as he thought he was out of hearing range, he started running. He didn't cry. Crying would have been stupid. It was just the wind stinging his eyes. When he reached his house, he felt a little better, as if the run had been cathartic, had burned away the heartbreak and left only anger and determination. Because Merlin was not a little boy that got pushed around by vampires. He was a fucking warlock, and he would show them.

Locked into his room with Alice's scrying bowl sitting on his desk, he took a deep breath and started to chant.


“—don't know why you have to be so difficult, Arthur.”



A blond woman was sitting on Arthur's couch as if it was her throne.



“Then maybe you should think harder.”



“He got himself a sweet little puppy,” Mordred said mockingly, dropping down next to the woman and putting his head against her chest. “But he sent him away. You should have seen his sad little face.”



“Is that so?” The woman arched an eyebrow. “Maybe I should make him your pet, if you're so hung up on him. Is that what you want?”



“Don't you dare touch him,” Arthur spat, his eyes glowing blue.



The woman laughed, but it was an ugly sound. “