in a few days. After the talk they had they had seemed to be avoiding each other. Zayn felt terrible because he really wanted to talk to him, but every time he would even see him in the hallway he would quickly turn and run the other way.

Zayn hated not being able to talk to Niall. Honestly, he missed him like crazy, even though it had only been abut a week since he had talked to him. They didn’t even talk when they did their project together. They would look at each other and then look away without even saying a word.

It was an awkward silence that he never thought he would experience with the blonde because he was always so happy around him even when Zayn was being irritating. He knew he was being a pain in the ass sometimes, but that’s just how Zayn was with the people he liked, and he didn’t really like them often so he didn’t really know how to control his emotions or his actions.

Besides, something about Niall makes him crazy. He always wants to see him and be with him, but Niall never wants to be with Zayn, hell sometimes he doesn’t even look at him, and Zayn doesn’t think Niall understands how hard this is for him. This is hurting his heart and he never intended it too. He never wanted this to hurt. All he wants is to hold him for once and be able to kiss him.

Zayn sighed as he walked into the library and walked to the back since Niall wasn’t in History so he had to do the project all on his own for the period. As he walked to the back thoug he noticed a familiar tuft of blonde hair poking out from being buried in their arms.

Zayn felt a strange tug on his heart as he walked over to see Niall sitting there with his shoulders shaking, and he bit his lip unsure if he should say anything to him or not, but he looked upset and Zayn had to do something.

He quietly walked over to see the boy and sat down next to him, but Niall didn’t even budge. Zayn sighed unsure of what to do,

“Hey.” He said, and Niall then lifted his head up and wiped at his eyes, before sniffling and speaking.

“Hi.” His voice sounded rough and he sounded so upset and Zayn couldn’t help but feel absolutely terrible. He didn’t make a move this time for once and just sat still a good distance away from the crying boy.

“You alright?” He asked carefully looking over to see his eyes completely puffy and his cheeks were tear stained.

“Fine, yeah.” He obviously lied, and Zayn sighed now moving closer to him and brushed a few tears off the boy’s cheeks. Niall just sniffled but didn’t pull away.

“Niall, you’re crying, you’re not okay.” He told him throwing his arm over the blondes shoulder now, and he heard Niall let out a little whimper and a few more tears fell down his cheeks, but he quickly brushed them away.

“No, I’m fine alright?” He tried to turn Zayn away but he wasn’t letting him. He wasn’t going to let him run away from him right now especially when he was bawling his eyes out.

“Babe, what’s going on what’s wrong?” He hugged him into his chest, but Niall still wasn’t telling him he just shook his head again.

“Nothing is. I’m fine, I already told you.” He tried to tell him, but Zayn kept pushing. He really wanted to know what was wrong and he didn’t like Niall trying to lie to him and try and get out of talking. He could talk with him and Zayn wanted him to know.

“Love, you’re crying right in front of me you can’t lie to me, what’s wrong?” He asked again, and Niall just sighed out deeply now.

“It’s- It’s just my dad, alright? He moved out today, my parents got divorced, and I’m upset alright? Happy now?” He questioned a little angrily and huffed out. Zayn took notice of how he was leaning into his touch though and smiled but hugged the boy tighter.

“Ni, I’m so sorry.” He said kissing the top of his head and Niall just shrugged.

“It’s fine. I just, I can’t stop crying you know? He was like my best friend and now he’s never coming back.” He told him, and Zayn was rubbing his back and his side trying to make him feel even just a little bit better, even though he knew he wasn’t much help at all.

“I’m so sorry babe.” He said again, and Niall sniffled another time and looked up to see Zayn smiling down at him.

“How did you find me in here?” He questioned, and Zayn kissed his forehead, even though that might have been pushing