. Sure, he was down to a manageable semi now, easily hidden by the fold of his jeans but what if the man really was as beautiful as he had looked? This was just a dance, no touching.

Dean swallowed and spread his legs to ease some of the pressure. He wasn’t even sure he wouldn’t get hard even if the man stared disapprovingly at him.

He nearly jumped out of his skin when the door suddenly opened and the man stepped inside. Shit, he really was just as beautiful. He closed the door and eyed Dean for a moment that felt longer than Dean honestly thought was strictly necessary.

"Dean?" he asked then and Dean nearly fucking moaned with how deep and gravelly and fuck me now, please the man’s voice was.

"Y-yeah." He choked out and was rewarded when the man’s full lips turned up in an almost-smile, almost as if he was pleased at what he saw.

"I am Castiel, I believe you bought some alone time with me."

Dean’s eyes roamed the man’s body without really meaning to. He was still in those tight boxers and up this close Dean could see that they were made out of sleek satin. God, he wanted to touch. Bet they felt awesome against the man’s cock. He could clearly see it resting snugly against the man’s balls, outlined by the tightness of the fabric. Dean’s heart thumped in his ears.

The man’s — Castiel’s — body was slim and toned, his nipples just perky enough and fucking hell, his eyes were the sharpest blue Dean had ever seen. The man’s little lip-quirk widened into a predatory grin when their eyes met.

He slunk up to Dean, swaying his hips and stopping just short of Dean’s trembling knees. "Like what you see, big boy?" he asked and Dean fucking shuddered, his dick quivering in anticipation.

"Yes." Dean breathed, barely coherent enough to think straight.

"Good." The man mused and put his hands on his hips, studying Dean silently.

Dean watched with heavily lidded eyes as Castiel’s fingers caressed his own skin. "You were awesome up on stage." Dean heard himself say and what the actual fuck? Okay, now he was back to being embarrassed. And it was only made worse when he looked up and Castiel actually looked surprised at the praise. "Um, sorry." Dean hastened to say but when the other man just blinked at him he decided that fuck it, Sam had paid for this. "But you were. None of the other guys moved like you and the women they…" he trailed off and let his eyes wander down the man’s chest. "You were really great."

"Well." Castiel said after a stunned moment, his voice practically a purr. It shot straight down Dean’s spine and he had to physically resist bucking his hips. "I do take pride in my work."

"You-you should." Dean all but gasped. Fucking hell, he had never been this hard in his life and all the man had done was stand there and talk. Dean wanted more, more now and more forever.

"So," Castiel continued and swayed over to the boombox, turning it on and of course a very seductive tone played at the first try. "Which part did you like the most? What do you want from me now?"

"I…" Dean’s mind was blank. He panicked a little. What did he want? Except the other man in his lap, bouncing on his rock hard dick, that was. Besides Castiel deep inside Dean’s ass, pounding him without mercy. What did he want right now, in this room?

Castiel seemed to notice Dean’s distress. He had probably done this a hundred thousand times, Dean reflected as the man only quirked his lips at Dean again and swayed back to place himself between Dean’s still spread legs, still not touching.

"Did you like the women undressing me? Did you like us dancing? Did you like me entwined with someone else?"

"I-I liked it all." Dean rasped, unable to take this man standing so close, looking at him like that. "Jesus, Cas, I just want you to move."

The other man smirked wide when Dean realized he had used a nickname for someone he didn’t even know but he didn’t comment on it. He just stepped back from Dean and obliged, starting out with moving slowly around the pole and as the beat turned up in the song, so did Castiel’s movements. God, he was graceful, curving in on himself like that.

Castiel used the pole as if it was an extension of himself, twining and wrapping himself around it in the most sinful display Dean had ever seen and Dean could do nothing but sit there and gawk.

He usually wasn’t a very passive sex partner but fuck, he couldn’t even think straight with this man working the pole over