matter how small, that could bring him out of this darkness.

Kuroko swallowed the sigh that threatened to bubble forth from his lips. “I didn’t know it was so hard being the light.” He whispered beneath his breath.

Kise hummed against Kuroko’s thighs, the question unspoken but obvious in his tone.

Kuroko shook his head. “No, it’s nothing.” He lied. “But the bracelets. I found that once I left and started travelling I would go to sleep and then wake up as wind, floating towards the Teiko Plains,” he smiled “towards home. Luckily I was near the Shuutoku mountain ranges at the time. We never actually went there but it was those mountains that always cradled the light of the sunset just so. The clouds would glow purple and the sun would fill the dips of the mountains with pools of fuchsia light that would spill out onto the grasses of the plains. Sometimes the light would be crimson, or maybe goldenrod. And whenever the wind would blow-”

“You always made sure it did.” Kise interrupted with a laugh.

“-it was like watching a sea of colors.” Kuroko finished despite Kise’s interruption, a small pout blossoming on his face.

Kise laughed, but it wasn’t as bright as Kuroko remembered. “I remember.” The blonde said gently. “It was beautiful.”

“Yes it was.” Kuroko agreed with a well masked smile. “I met a shaman in those mountains. Strange fellow, I must admit. But good at what he does.”

Kise smiled and yawned at that. “Sounds like an interesting man.” He said. “I’d quite like to meet the friends you’ve made.”

Kuroko smiled. “I’d like that as well.” He said. “They’re all lovely people I assure you.” Kuroko paused. “Well, most of them anyway.”

Kise yawned again and Kuroko stopped his next words from coming out. “Kise-kun.” He said instead. “Would you like to sleep now? You’ve had a rather stressful time, and I’m sure you’re exhausted after manipulating that much water for that long. You’re not built for it, after all.”

Kise nodded, suppressing another yawn with the back of his hand as he rose to his hands and knees. “Yeah.” He sighed. “I’m super sleepy all of a sudden.”

Kuroko nodded and looked up to see Kiyoshi standing a few feet away from the gazebo. He didn’t look like he’d been there long, simply waiting for the proper time to cut in. Kuroko nodded to him and Kiyoshi smiled back. “We’ve prepared a room for your friend.” He said gently.

“Kise Ryouta.” Kise said, answering the unspoken question. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.”

“Kiyoshi Teppei.” Kiyoshi returned with an even brighter smile. “The pleasure’s all mine. Now, if you’d be so kind as to follow me I’ll escort you to your quarters. Ah, and Kuroko, Kagami told me to tell you he is in the royal offices in case you wanted to ‘I don’t know, just tell him I’m here’.” Kiyoshi made air quotes and Kuroko could almost hear the hesitant pause of Kagami’s voice.

Kise blinked, and something seemed to click in his head. “Kurokocchi.” He said, his voice still thick with thought. “Kagamicchi is good to you, isn’t he?”

Kuroko paused and cursed himself for the small flush that rose to his cheeks. “Yes.” He said unabashedly. “He is very good to me, why?”

Something akin to a sigh escaped Kise’s lips as he stood. “Nothing.” He hummed and followed Kiyoshi out of the sitting room. His eyes were puffy and his shoulders were still slightly slumped but Kise did his best to straighten his posture and smile.

It almost broke Kuroko’s heart.

Thank you for reading!!!! Please feel free to drop me a Kudos or a comment if you haven't already!!

Feel free to also check out my tumblr, (https://www.tumblr.com/blog/zadabug98) I'll probably post little extra bits here once the story starts really picking up. 

We're still in Exposition mode right now, though. It should start to pick up here soon though, if you're looking forward to that.

Hey! Long time no see! Please don't hate me, I'm so sorry I'm late (again) I was busy with college applications and homework and social obligations. I actually already had the chapter written but... busy.

Anyway, ahead is some more kinda mindless slice-of-life day-to-day interactions. I need to update the tags on this, don't I? Oh well, please enjoy!


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Kuroko slipped into the large network of royal offices and nodded to the secretaries and scribes that he passed