believe I require your assistance any further.”

“Seriously? Fucking cocktease.” 

Dean leads him out the door and keeps hold of his arm until they’re in the parking lot. 

“Why’d you go in there? Geez, skeezy much?”

Cas shrugs but manages to make it look graceful. “It smelled like sex. But you smell much better.” Dean rolls his eyes and as they reach the end of the wall of the bar he scoffs, “Better than sex?” Cas shoves him from the side into the alley behind the bar and up against the wall that faces a dark wooded area. “I never said you didn’t smell like sex.” Dean’s mouth goes dry at the feral, intense look in Cas’ eyes. Cupping his neck with both hands, Cas rolls his hips against Dean’s and makes a noise like a cross between a laugh and a purr. “Deeean. If you knew the awful, amazing thoughts in my head right now.” 

Swallowing, Dean flicks his eyes between Cas’ wet mouth and glassy eyes. He reaches up to grab his wrists and turns them so Cas is held in place against the brick. He struggles and kicks at the ground, trying to get friction against Dean’s front. It’s weird being able to hold Cas down like this. Weird to remember he’s so human and actually able to be subdued. Well kinda human.. the way he keeps trying do this full body rub up and down Dean all fluid and boneless that hits all the right spots.. not exactly normal.

“Do it. Pleeease. Here. Now. Hard. Please.” His voice gets desperate for a minute. Wrecked.

Dean groans and closes his eyes for a second. The sex and need is coming off him in waves and it’s overwhelming. When he opens them, Cas is smiling like a sinner. It’s a smile he’s never seen on him before. Coy and dark. Knowing.

“Do you like that, Dean?”

“What? No!” He gasps as Cas presses his lower body firmly against his groin while tugging his wrists trying to get them free.

“Correct me if I’m wrong, but your body is definitely responding as if you’re enjoying the thought of fucking me.”

“Cas…” he hisses. “You’re out of it. You’d never say something like that. This isn’t you, dammit!”

“It is. And I thought you appreciated brevity. Is it my choice of vulgar words that distresses you?” Dean frowns, watching him lick his lips. “Or is it possibly exciting you as well?”

He bends so his lips are right against Dean’s ear and hesitates a long second before saying, “fuck.” It sounds dirtier than he’d ever thought possible when it was coming from his ex-angel. His pulse beats faster.
“How funny that one word affects you sooo much," Cas purrs and bites his earlobe. Dean sucks in a breath but doesn’t pull back. 

“Dean Winchester. My Righteous Man, “ Cas says with amusement in his voice. “I want- I need you to fuck me.” He pulls back just enough so their noses brush. “Please.”

Dean shakes his head, feeling surreal and maybe a little flush himself. “This is crazy.”

Cas tilts his head and rests his temple against Dean’s forehead. "Okay, Dean. Then I need to go find another.”

He jerks back, releasing him and glares. “What? You’re just gonna go rub dicks with the first asshole that’s willing? Look it’s a spell! Try to shake off the kitty pheromones for a goddamn second and remember who you are.”

"I know exactly who I am. And what I want.” He turns around and rubs his ass against Dean’s groin. Dean grabs his hips to keep him still, then bites his cheek so he doesn’t do something stupid like moan. Hooking an arm up behind his neck, Cas turns his head so their mouths are close. Dean drops his eyes down to his mouth then back up. 

When Cas speaks, their lips brush. “If you don’t want me.. then let me go.”

“I.. I can’t do that.”

“I know.”

Shit. With all the rubbing and Cas being all slinky and sexy, he was stiff and his pants were getting uncomfortable. He had to get him home. Like now. If he had to, he could just fucking tie Cas up until they could find a cure. One thing was for sure, he had to get him off the street before he hopped into the first car.. or more likely first bathroom stall he found.

“Alright, let’s go to your place.”

Cas raises his eyebrows and licks over Dean’s bottom lip. “You want to go with me? Want to have sex with me?”

“Uh.. yep. Lead the way.”  

Cas immediately turns around and licks into his mouth so they