seat to cover the fact that she was spreading her legs further for Snape's questing hand, "Perhaps."

Snape placed his lips close to Hermione's ear as the stroking of his fingers took on a steadier pattern, "I can't decide if I'd rather worship at your feet or tie you to my bed and ravage you until you beg me to stop."

Hermione took a shuddering breath, "Can't we do both?"

"Always wanting more, Ms. Granger," he chuckled.

As the band finished their set, Hermione and Snape both finished their pints.  "Another round?" Hermione asked him, her cheeks flushed from the attentions that he'd been giving her beneath the table.

"No," Snape answered her, sitting back in the booth and pushing his empty pint glass away.

Hermione allowed the disappointment to show on her face.  Her body was practically humming with need now and she didn't want Snape to stop touching her.

"I believe the agreement was a pint."  He motioned, with his chin, to the door.

Sighing, Hermione stood up and headed to the exit, Snape close behind her.  They walked down the main street, heading back to Hogwarts.  Hermione desperately thought of some way that she could extend the evening, hoping for more than some light groping in the pub.  She gasped with surprise as Snape grabbed her by the arm and propelled her into a dark and deserted alleyway.

"What are...?" she asked as Snape pushed her against the brick wall and stepped close, his hands on either side of her head, his torso flush against hers.

"I didn't say that we needed to go directly home," he purred as he leaned forward and placed soft kisses on Hermione's neck and the bit of exposed cleavage that peeked from her robes.

"So we're going to shag in an alley?" she asked breathlessly.  

"You assume too much, Ms. Granger," Snape answered her as he slid one leg between Hermione's thighs and pressed forward so that she could feel his hardened length against her lower stomach.

"You're saying that you don't want to shag me?" she asked cheekily as one hand crept between them to squeeze his groin.

"Perhaps," he answered her as his hips thrust into her hand, "when you've earned it."  With a rather dramatic swirl of his robes, Snape was gone, leaving Hermione panting wantonly against the brick wall.

A bit more action though Hermione still hasn't racked up enough points for a proper shagging.  Not exactly sure of Snape's point system though- lol.  I just like to tease the characters.  Comments make me write faster.

But, how does one go about earning the good graces of the surliest Potions Master that Hogwarts had ever known?  Hermione honestly couldn't recall Snape ever awarding house points to anyone but Slytherin students.  

The man seemed practically impossible to impress.  And what did 'you haven't earned it' mean exactly?  He had seemed annoyed by her attempts to thrust her friendly attentions upon him.  Well, all but the direct attentions that she'd offered in the East Tower.  

Hermione knew that Snape was not a typical wizard.  After all those years of serving two masters, and almost dying several times for his efforts, he craved complete control.  Perhaps she would have to play to his desire to dominate her in order to achieve her own goals.  

She smiled to herself as she thought of all the ways that she would enjoy being dominated by Professor Snape.  Chewing on her lower lip, and giggling to herself at the thought of the numerous detention scenarios that had fueled masturbatory sessions in her later years as a student, she went to her wardrobe to find the right submissive attire to entice the Potions Master to play.

HGSSHGSSHGSSHGSS

Friday night, after doing the obligatory rounds of the halls and sending several pairs of snogging students back to their respective common rooms, Hermione stood, once again, at the door to Snape's dungeon rooms.  

He gazed at her quixotically as he opened to her knock, "Ms. Granger?"

"Professor Snape," she answered him.

"To what do I owe this visit?" he asked.

She scoffed, "Fingering me under the table in a crowded pub and then suggesting I needed to earn a shag," Hermione paused, "if that isn't a 'come hither' message to the Gryffindor swot..."

Snape chuckled darkly, "Not exactly subtle of me."

"It's fine," Hermione told him, "I like a challenge.  I've done my research, I have the necessary supplies."  She took a step forward, forcing Snape back into the dungeons, and closed the door behind her.  Undoing the clasp of her robes and allowing them to fall to the floor of the Potions classroom, she continued, "I'm most certainly up for it," she grinned wickedly, "the challenge."

"You make me sound like an extra credit assignment," he purred as he gazed at Hermione's attire.  The emerald green blouse wasn't exactly