has no idea what is happening to Harry, so assuming that Harry was just in shock over something of the teenage nature; the doctor does state that today youth tends to be over stimulated and they tend to react emotionally to certain things. The doctor is confident about the prognosis, and that it will be easier to deal with the problem once some time has passed; the doctor injects Harry with a solution to help induce sleep, giving the boy can get some well needed rest.
A few hours later Anne hears some small whimpers from the living room Harry She runs to him, only to find him on the floor on the fetal position, muttering to himself “I thought it was a dream, I thought it was a dream”
Anne approaches slowly “Harry, darling, what is the matter?”
Harry starts to whisper, trying to focus on his mother’s voice “I can’t.....I can’t...” but Harry can’t seem to finish the sentence, he just shakes his head, more tears start to fall.
“Come on Harry baby, what’s wrong...please Harry tell me what’s wrong?”
Anne grabs Harry’s face, lifting it up so that she can see into his eyes; she is dumbfounded at what she sees. Harry’s beautiful green eyes have gone completely black; all Anne can do is gasp.
“Mum, I can’t see” is the only whisper that is heard in the room.
Niall’s time in Ireland is just what the little blond needed after the last year of touring One Direction has had. He has been having late night drinking sessions, partying until he can’t move his legs, playing footie until his knees are completely bloody, and of course, enjoying all the food Mullingar has to offer and then some.
He wakes up one morning after a rather rowdy party with a serious headache how much did I have to drink last night He stumbles to the bathroom to find some pills so that he can get some relief and get back into bed. After a drink of water and two pills, he can feel the headache start to subside slightly, but he can still feel a small pressure in his head. Niall looks into the mirror shit I look like crap maybe I need to cold it for a few days. Niall spend the day at home on the couch alternating between sleeping and watch mindless TV, the headache returns a few times not as intense as when he woke up and there is still a slight pressure all around his head.
For three days the headaches keep getting more intense, Niall plays it off as a change in climate since he hasn’t been in Ireland for the last year and the pills seem to be helping a bit. That is until today. Niall wakes up to the worst pain he has ever suffered, it is like his head is being spilt open from the inside, the pressure in unbearable. His eyes are tearing up to the point that he can’t see anything and it’s difficult to breath, he needs to concentrate on the can’t of breathing because the pain is just too intense.
Niall tries to get up, only to end up on the floor in a mess of limbs and beds sheets, the falls just cause the headache to worsen because of all the movement, Niall ends up passing out from the pain.
He comes to after while with the same level of pressure, he tries to get up only to fall down yet again. Niall turns to one side and starting sobbing because the pain is just too much and he wants to go away why...why is this happening...why doesn’t it stop Niall remembers that his mobile is close by, so fighting through the pain he crawls to his night table and tumbles through his contacts until he finds his brother. Even the ringing noise causes the pain in his head to intensive, he whimpers when his brother answers the call.
Greg’s happy voice comes throught the receiver “Nialler!”
Niall rasps out a small “Greg??”
Greg realizes something is wrong “Niall....Niall. are you there buddy...Niall...what’s wrong....Nialler I need you to answer me right now....where are you?”
Niall whimpers and slowly lets out “My room” All the strength Niall has used to call his brother leaves him and he drops the phone while he starts to sob because it just too much for him, while Greg is screaming into the phone that he is on his way.
The next ten minutes are agonizing for Niall; he curls up into the fetal position and starts pulling on his blond hair in an attempt to maybe help the pain in his head. He pulls so hard that at one point that a bit of golden hair comes off his scalp.
Greg opens the door “Niall..buddy whats wrong”
Niall whimpers and clutches his head “Ok ok buddy I am going to take you to the hospital”
Louis is currently hiding behind the pantry door from the twins in a unique game of hide-and-seek that ends with a tickle fight after each round, Louis snickers at the thought