you, but I am completely lost.  Do you know where Erdman is fromhere?"

"Um, a-actually--"  Tara heard the catch in her voice and hated it.  "I'm lost too."

The girl sighed and nodded sympathetically.  "I swear I have an evil orientation leader.  He's like the minnow guy."  She smiled ruefully.  "I'm Buffy Summers, by the way.  In case you needed the license plate of that truck."

Tara blinked, a bit bewildered.  "The minnow guy?" she asked, missing the introduction altogether.

"You know, half-man, half-cow, lures you into his maze and then eats you?"  Buffy wrinkled her nose.  "At least, I think he eats you.  But why would a cow want to eat a person, anyway?  Revenge for all the McDonald's in the world?"

"I-I don't know."  Tara hugged her books, and before she knew what she was saying she offered, "Maybe grass gets boring after a while?"  She immediately looked down again.  Goddess, that sounded dumb.  What was she doing having this conversation--or any conversation--with a beautiful girl she'd nearly flattened two minutes ago?

But Buffy was nodding seriously, as though her suggestion made sense.  "I could see it.  Let me tell you, non-fat yoghurt?  Not a good everyday kind of snack.  You really have to mix it up, or it gets old fast."  She opened a yellow folder and took out a piece of paper.  "But back to the matter at hand...you're lost, I'm lost, and right here I happen to have a map of the campus.  If only they could figure out how to get the little 'you are here' dot to follow me, I think I'd be doing all right."  Buffy sounded aggrieved, but in a sort of teasing way.  The banter was aimed at herself more than at Tara, and Tara found herself on the verge of smiling.  It was strange, but Buffy was actually incredibly easy to talk to--mainly because she didn't seem to expect Tara to keep up her end of the conversation.

"Now, I think this is the library," Buffy said, turning around and holding the map up in front of her.  She inched closer to Tara until their shoulders were touching, so they could both look at the paper.  "Here.  And I'm giving up on orientation for today, so I think I want to find Stevenson...which is...here."  Buffy glanced over her shoulder in the proper direction.  "So I'm going that way.  How about you?"

Tara swallowed, then managed to speak without stuttering. "I'm in Stevenson, too."

Buffy smiled.  "So we're neighbours.  Thank God."  She tucked the map back in her folder.  "I was worried it would be nothing but crazy, hard-drinking frat boys.  I admit I'm biased.  I went to this frat party in my junior year..."  She gave a delicate shudder.  "You know, I did not need to know that much about the darker side of pledge rituals."  She turned and started walking in towards the path she'd picked out.

Tara hesitated.  Did Buffy really want her tagging along?  But Buffy was waiting for her, so she hurried to catch up, nearly stumbling over her own feet and going sprawling for a second time that day.  She caught her balance and waved off the hand Buffy had extended to her, just in case.  Now Buffy was going to realize that she wasn't anyone worth talking to.  For five minutes, maybe, she could maintain the illusion that she was a normal girl, but soon Buffy would figure out that she didn't have anything interesting to say, and she'd start pitying Tara, and avoiding her if they ever saw each other again.

But Buffy didn't seem to be realizing anything of the sort.  She actually seemed happy to be walking with Tara.  "You know, you're the first person I've met who actually seems to feel like I do," she said.  "I mean, high school, that was easy stuff.  One building, I knew where everything was, I could tell you who was with who, who was wearing Prada and who had fakes, which classes you could nap in safely."  She waved at the people passing around them.  "Here I miss five minutes of orientation and all of a sudden I'm searching for David Bowie with a bunch of Muppets."

"P-pardon?"  Tara snuck a quick look sideways at Buffy.  Her blonde hair was mostly tied back, but a few soft wisps framed her face.  Her eyes were hazel, shading to green, and incredibly clear as she watched the path ahead of them. "M-muppets?"

Buffy's smile seemed to light up her face, erasing the previous moment's wistfulness.  "Sorry.  Labyrinth reference.  I loved that movie when I was