that clung to his skin. He was in the middle of unzipping his pants when the door opened, and Jongin’s heart stopped at the sight of his boyfriend.

Luhan peeked into the room and blinked sleepily at Jongin. “Hi babe,” he mumbled. Jongin wanted to smile; Luhan was adorable with his eyes still puffy with sleep, his lips pinkish and his hair tousled. He didn’t though, the guilt coming back to haunt him. When he didn’t reply, Luhan frowned and came into the bathroom, confused. “What-” he stopped in his tracks, his eyes burning a hole into Jongin’s neck. “What’s this?” he asked calmly. His eyes were bigger now, and he wasn’t slurring anymore. Jongin’s blood ran cold.

“You know I had a business deal tonight,” he offered softly, looking down at the floor. He could feel Luhan’s eyes inspecting his whole body and he fought the urge to hide. He didn’t know how his boyfriend would react but he knew it wasn’t going to be pretty.

Shuffling closer, Luhan’s eyes narrowed as he sniffed Jongin’s skin. “Who did you fuck?” he snarled. Biting his lips, Jongin rubbed his neck. “Look, it was just a gift to formalize the deal…” he explained. “It was nothing.”

His jaw set, Luhan pushed at Jongin’s chest until he faced him. Inspecting the marks closely, he mapped out Jongin’s skin and grimaced at the hickeys. “That bitch marked you,” he snapped. “You’re fucking mine Jongin, who are they? Why did they mark you?”

Jongin blinked a few times, confused as Luhan pushed at his chest repeatedly each time he pronounced a word. The leader found himself pressed to the wall of the bathroom, not knowing what to say.

“It was nothing, just some girl I don’t care about,” Jongin mumbled. He was so tired, he just wanted to lie down and sleep. “It was for the business, Luhan.” It wasn’t the right thing to say since Luhan’s face hardened at his words. “I don’t give a fuck about your business Jongin! You have to draw the line between your job and your personal life.” he yelled, one hand coming around Jongin’s neck to immobilize him. “So what happened? Did she suck you off? What did you do?” he inquired, bringing his face closer.

Their noses were touching and Jongin could feel the anger radiating from his boyfriend’s body. Luhan wasn’t the type of person to get mad easily and Jongin had never seen him like this before. “She rode me,” he admitted. He didn’t want to lie to his boyfriend. Luhan released him brusquely, as if he had been burnt. His eyes flashed and he slapped him so hard Jongin’s head hit the wall. Dizzy, he didn’t fight back when Luhan stripped him off his clothes and pushed him into the shower to wash his sin away.

Luhan wasn’t gentle as he rubbed the lipsticks stains off his skin and the smell of perfume and sex, washing his body and hair two more times afterwards. Jongin didn’t protest and let him manhandle him, knowing he had no say in this. Jongin didn’t the right to protest; he had fucked up.

Once he was satisfied with the cleansing, Luhan gripped his boyfriend’s wrist and pulled him towards the bedroom, throwing Jongin onto the bed like a mere ragdoll. The leader bit the inside of his cheek, resisting the urge to fight back, and let Luhan settle on his thighs. His boyfriend’s eyes were hard, dangerous, and Jongin shivered slightly as the cold air of the room hit his wet skin. “I won’t accept it, Jongin.” Luhan stated. “I won’t accept you going behind my back and fucking some bitch while I wait for you at home. This isn’t how it works.”

He tightened his fist at his side before taking a hold of Jongin’s damp hair with his other hand, pulling at them until Jongin’s back arched off the bed. The leader hissed in pain, reaching out to catch Luhan’s wrist. “Don’t play that game with me Jongin,” his boyfriend spat. “Now, you’re going to be a good boy and I’m going to remind you whose bitch you are, okay?” He smirked, bending down, and trailed his fingers on Jongin’s face with one hand, pulling at his hair harder with his other hand. Whimpering, Jongin closed his eyes and was ashamed to feel his cock harden under Luhan’s ass.

The latter seemed to notice it and chuckled darkly. “So, you’re into it?” he snorted and pressed kisses along Jongin’s taunt neck, before biting the skin harshly. The leader screamed and Luhan released the bruised skin, his tongue lapping at it. “You