frame, secured around the posts. Negan walks towards it and starts loosening the knots, the heavy fabric falling into place making a smaller enclave within the room.

A pointed look is enough to make Carl lean down to untie his boots. He tosses his jacket across one of the chairs but keeps on all his shirts. His jeans follow, his legs looking too thin in the dark leggings he's wearing underneath. He places his hat on top of the pile of clothes, the scarf still securely around his throat and climbs into the bed. The blankets are chilly, clammy from the cold air. Carl burrows beneath them, piles them high on top of himself, drowning in all the fabrics around him. The last of the curtains swings into place around the bed, isolating Carl from the rest of the room, muffling the sounds of Negan walking around, shuffling out of the outer layers of his clothes. By the time he parts the curtains to join Carl, the boy has almost dozed off into sleep.

Negan's body is hot against Carl, even through all their clothes. He tugs Carl towards himself, and Carl goes willingly, allowing himself to be wrapped up in Negan's arms, Negan's chest pressed against his back, their legs tangled together. His skin feels too tight, his muscles hurt from the sudden heat. He shivers again, but Negan just tightens his hold on him, and eventually Carl drops off into an uneasy sleep.

 

 

They're not entangled any more by the time Carl blinks himself awake. It must be late morning, some light already trying to peak through the curtains around the bed. It's stifling warm now, their combined body heat having warmed up all the blankets and the air caged in by the curtains over night. Negan is curled up on his side, a couple inches space between them, snoring quietly in his sleep.

Carl studies him in the dim light, barely enough to make out his features. He feels numb, his head stuffed with cotton. Moving his limbs is difficult with the pile of blankets on top of him, weighing him down. He twists slowly, trying to stretch his limbs, but the scarf tugs around his throat, making it hard to breathe. Reaching up, he touches the soft fabric with his fingers, follows it with his eyes. One end unwound during the night, now stuck between Negan's shoulder and the mattress.

For a long time he just lies like this, breathing evenly against the warm coil of the scarf around his neck that makes it hard to swallow, hard to fill his lungs completely. He feels deflated, removed from reality that seems on hold outside the cocoon of the curtains, Negan's room. With another gentle tug of his head, the scarf tightens another bit, and Carl can hear the blood rush in his ears, the heavy beat of his heart.

It turns into something like a wicked game. Carl forces himself to breathe as deep and evenly as he can, and just when it feels like normal, he'll twist away another bit, and the scarf tightens around his throat, warm and soft despite how firm its hold is around him. His throat is clicking as he swallows against it, pressure building in his head with every beat of his heart. His skin feels too tight. There's the urge to fight against it, to reach up and tug the scarf loose, take a deep breath, but it seems like the flight reflex in the face of a herd of walkers, and Carl has fought that a million times over, so squashing it is barely a challenge.

His lips are open, allowing the shallow breaths to pass noiselessly through his mouth. Bright spots swim in his vision and Carl twists his head again, another inch. Rubbing the pads of his fingers and thumb against each other sets off a strange tingling sensation and his mind focuses on that as he closes his eye, curls his toes.

“Why are you so far away?” Negan's sleepy voice wafts through the haze, the mattress jostling as he moves. Carl's shallow breath turns into a soft moan when Negan presses his mouth against Carl's tingling lips, pushing him onto his back to crawl on top of him. “What-? Fuck.” Negan's fingers touch his face, falling down to his throat and the scarf quickly, fumbling, momentarily tightening the fabric before he's prying it away.

“No,” Carl gasps weakly even as his traitorous body sucks in lungs full of air. His head is spinning, suddenly dizzy, his whole body tingling as blood rushes through him. He moans, hips moving up against Negan straddling him. He didn't even notice how hard he is until his body writhes against Negan's, finding friction.

“Fucking hell, kid.”

Spots are still swimming in his vision when Carl blinks his eye open. Negan is leaning above him, hands braced on either side of Carl's face. There's a strange look in his eyes, something almost like fear, surprise and something entirely black that takes over the moment