lip service delivered with it. He was entirely sure that no one complained when filling these dishes full of anything.

There was a small hammock nearby, which he assumed was its bed. It was around the right size. He didn't even know they made hammocks that small, and the fact that they did infuriated him. What else did they make for these things?

Behind him, it plopped down onto one side, on the floor, and simply looked at him.

"And he says you're smart," Bakura grumbled, pointing towards the hallway. "Go away."

This time, she didn't. The cat didn't move at all, just stared.

So no one was listening to him, then. Fine. "Here's your fucking food, you ungrateful–"

It interrupted him with a chirp, and as he turned the contests of the bag Ryou gave him into the bowl, walked right between his legs to get to it.

He opened his mouth to say something else, but decided that maybe fearlessness was something he could admire.

It was at this point in writing this that I realized that there was too much story and not enough cats. I'm so sorry.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Bakura knew that feeding it wasn't a good idea. It liked him, now. Just barged into his room whenever it wanted and settled in on the floor. After the first few times he told it to leave, he physically moved it, with his hands. It was a quick movement that he risked only because no one else would see it, not that it was an effective deterrent anyway. Minutes later, the thing was back on his floor, stretched out, making some weird vibrating sound in its throat.

He could have closed the door, but he didn't want to. The idea of having to change anything about how he lived for the (in)convenience of an animal was absurd. So he just left it there. It wasn't bothering anything anyhow, and after the first minutes it was obvious that it wasn't trying to mess anything.

This day he played games to keep himself occupied. Usually he'd leave the house and try to pickpocket some idiots downtown, but the promise of flesh had been enough to keep him around this week. Thinking of it, this whole stretch of time had been weird, anyway. Animals everywhere, Mokuba being around so often and talking to Ryou more often than him, staying in rather than going out, Ryou asking him for favors...

If he were honest, Bakura had never considered that Mokuba would be allowed to have a pet. Hell, Seto kept such a close eye on the kid that having the time to look after something could be considered a feat. It wasn't like Mokuba didn't have a penchant for getting lost or stolen (the time he'd been responsible notwithstanding). Maybe that was why the cat was so important. Learned behavior.

"Oh, there she is," came a voice from outside, and Ryou stepped in. He looked around, at Bakura and then back to the thing. "I can take her into my room, if you want. Don't want her to end up in your soup or anything."

"It doesn't matter. Doesn't do anything but eat and poop. If it's not doing those things in my room, then whatever."

A chuckle wafted to his ears. "So you definitely won't eat her?"

Bakura rolled his eyes. "I think I would have done it by now."

Ryou crossed his arms. "I'm not sure if I believe that. I remember that one time with the pigeons."

So did he. "That was different. They were bothering me and I had a really bad day. And they were in my way! I warned them." Bakura paused his game. "Did you need anything? Besides annoying me with your constant presence? For someone who remembers what I can do, you sure don't aren't acting like it."

The noise Ryou made in response was some kind of groan. "I suppose I was trying to be subtle about it, but – have you heard from Mokuba at all?"

There were only so many expressions for 'why are we talking about this?' and Bakura felt as though he'd run through all of them in just a few days. "Didn't we talk about this yesterday?"

"Well, yeah, but he usually calls before he comes over."

That's not going to work. He wasn't going to let Ryou's fake worry bother him. Mokuba was probably avoiding him on purpose just to get a reaction. "He's probably busy, then. I dunno. Don't care. Call him yourself if you're that worried."

"Ugh. You are impossible. You're really going to be that stubborn about this?"

Bakura shrugged. "I haven't eaten the thing yet – what else do you