the boy beamed. They settled under the covers, Harry was a few inches away from him. Harry sighed contently as he closed his eyes and drifted off. Draco, on the other hand, turned away from the boy and faced the wall. He didn’t want to expose his secret so soon but it concerned Harry, and if anyone deserved an advantage and the truth, it was Harry.

I meant to upload this much sooner, I apologize. I'm terribly ill at the moment, but I really wanted to update. I hope you are all well.Thank you for the continuous support. My goal was to finish year one by the end of this month but I suppose that won't happen. My new goal is to finish year one by next month! x

Ps. I changed some of the tags.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

A week passed after the whole three-headed dog incident. Draco and Harry spent most of their time replaying the incident and wondering what could’ve been the reason that the Headmaster would allow such creature to be inside the castle. It was a mystery that they both wanted to get to the bottom of. Blaise, on the other hand, was spending his time giving Daphne Greengrass heart-eyes, much to Hermione’s distaste.

It was breakfast, as a letter landed on Harry’s plate of food. Blaise hid his smile behind his teacup as he looked over at Draco with amusement. Both boys knew exactly what this was about.

Harry read the letter, his eyes widen in surprise.

“What is it, Harry?” Questioned Hermione who sat across from him.

Before he could answer, six owls flew into the Great Hall carrying a long thin package. By now, most students watched in curiosity as the owls dropped the package in front of Harry, landing rather harshly and tipping over someone’s tea cup. People started whispering, Harry beamed at the sight but avoided opening the package.

He passed the letter to Draco who shared it with Hermione and Blaise. The four grinned and chatted, oblivious to the attention they were receiving.

That night passed by rather quickly, both Draco and Harry easily molded themselves with the team. It was rather interesting for Draco. He definitely felt out of place though the twins quickly changed that by sticking to his side, which was odd considering that their younger brother obviously hates him.

“He’s hot-headed —”

“Don’t worry about him.”

“We think you’re alright.”

“Plus,”

“You’re bloody good on the broom.”

The twins and Harry were his favorite part of joining the team. Oliver and Angelina agreed that he was a good choice for seeker though Angelina hoped he’d try-out for chaser next year.



───────────

It was now Halloween morning, Draco and Blaise walked together to the Great Hall a little later after Hermione and Harry left.

“Doesn’t something happen today?” Blaise asked after a few moments of silence

Draco bit his lip and shrugged, “it feels like it, doesn’t it?”

The day was rather eventful. In Charms, Professor Flitwick announced they were ready to start making objects fly. Draco’s eyes gleamed in excitement. He turned towards his friends to see their reactions, Blaise looked bored, Harry looked terrified, and unsurprisingly, Hermione shared his excitement.

They were placed in pairs, Blaise got paired with Thomas, Harry with Finnigan, Draco with Longbottom, he almost complained until he noticed the excited twinkle in the boy’s eyes, and unfortunately, Hermione was paired with Weasley. From the glares they were sending each other, he knew this lesson about to be a mess.

Harry’s partner managed to cause his feather to burst into flames. It was rather amusing, especially when Harry noticed him chuckling and stuck his tongue out at him. Blaise was pretending not to get it, obviously seeing as this is basically kindergarten stuff. Draco eventually got bored and started listening to Hermione and Weasley’s conversation.

“You’re saying it wrong,” Hermione spoke up after Weasley failed once more. “It’s Wing-gar-dium Leviosa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.”

“Yeah, Weasley, it’s not that hard,” Draco spoke up.

Weasley turned and glared at him, “Yeah? You two do it then if you’re so clever.”

Draco looked over at Hermione who nodded at him, the two cleared their throats and exclaimed in synchronization, “Wingardium Leviosa!”

The class watched as both Hermione and Draco’s feathers hovered four feet, six feet and more until they were both pushing themselves to beat the other.

Professor Flitwick watched in awe, “Well done, Mister Malfoy, Miss Granger. Ten points to Gryffindor.”

That earned them a glare from Ron, but nods of respect from the rest of their classmates.

By the end of the class, the four were walking out of the class with smiles. In front of them were Weasley and his two friends.

“I don’t understand how anyone can stand her?