“Hey, you, I noticed your pens were all pretty drab; here’s a nice one!” or, “Hey, you, I got you a -personalized- pen so you’ll think of me whenever you do your homework…” or even, “Hey, you… You write good.” However, Adrien knew the message behind the pens he received was: “Work harder.”

This birthday was different, and Adrien couldn’t help but marvel in shock at the scarf he now held in his hands. The baby-blue knit felt soft between his fingers, and he knew at first glance that it had been meticulously hand-made; he’d worked in the fashion industry long enough to tell the difference. Of course, his father hadn’t made it himself or anything, but the fact that he’d taken the effort to have one commissioned left him speechless. If only his father had actually been there to present it himself. Adrien thanked Nathalie for delivering the gift and asked her to pass on his thanks, restraining the urge to pinch himself to make sure this was all real.

“For me…” he thought, over and over, floored by the realization. His father had picked out a gift for him. This was progress – HUGE progress! Adrien visibly brightened with the realization, hope once again taking root in the soil that had been left barren when his mother left him.

With great anticipation and trepidation, Adrien paced the floor in front of his father’s office, waiting to be admitted. He was taking a risk; he knew, but his birthday a few months ago had lit a flame that he couldn’t quell, so he had decided to deliver a gift to his father for his birthday in person this year. He’d become accustomed to leaving the gifts with Nathalie each year, for his father dearly hated being interrupted.

Fingers nervously drumming the carefully wrapped package, the teen focused his energy on maintaining a steady rhythm of breathing in and out so that he would not hyperventilate.

At last, the moment came and his father granted permission to enter.

Forcing his anxiety down with a gulp, Adrien cautiously approached the desk, gift-wrapped box behind his back. He tentatively tried to catch his father’s eye, but as always, he remained focused on the screens and papers scattered across his workspace.

Clearing his throat, Adrien drummed up his courage and forced himself to speak quickly, for he knew his father didn’t tolerate tarrying, “I… Happy birthday, Father. I-I got this for you.” Holding out the box, he instinctively retreated a step back as his father grasped it. He twiddled his thumbs in apprehension as the man unwrapped and opened the box, revealing the red scarf Adrien had lovingly placed inside. It wasn’t hand-made like his own, but when he saw it in the store, he had thought that the style was rather complimentary to the blue one he’d received on his own birthday, so he’d gotten it. He couldn’t help but bite his lip as worry crept up to smother him. The longer his father took to respond, the more suffocated he started to feel.

“I’m afraid I don’t understand.” Gabriel finally replied, staring at the scarf that still lay within the confines of the box, untouched.

“Er, I thought it kinda matched the one you got me for my birthday, though that one was blue, and this one is red…” Adrien hurriedly replied, flushing in embarrassment. He could tell already that his father didn’t like the gift, and he couldn’t help but revert to his old habit of nervously rubbing the back of his neck as he cast about for a way to salvage the situation. His father had gone out of his way to pick out a gift for him this year, Adrien hadn’t wanted to screw this up; he had to think of a way to fix it! “I, uh, can get a different color or something if you don’t like it…”

“I don’t recall the scarf you say I gave you. I don’t wear scarfs, too unprofessional. Thank you for the birthday wishes, but I must return to my work.”

The words felt like a stab to the heart. He didn’t even remember? After he’d gone and commissioned a hand-made scarf? Something didn’t add up… and worse, all those feelings of outright rejection he’d tried to forget came flooding back. Now he remembered why he’d stopped being so forward with his attempts to show his affection… Silence was a kinder response than rejection.

Hardly realizing what his own body was doing, he found himself outside his father’s office once more, approaching Nathalie’s in a daze. He dreaded the answer to what he was about to ask, but he had to know…

“Nathalie… I need you to be completely honest with me,” he pleaded, voice grave and barely above a whisper.

The secretary, usually