s just to be a nice person.

She takes it immediately as he hands it out to her. “Thanks.” He says, walking towards the kitchen, before turning back around quickly, his jacket swishing around him. “Oh, do you want a drink?” He asks, pointing back at them. She nods, “Yeah, anything strong.” 

She makes her way back towards Stan, him and Louis talking with a group of Stan’s other friends, having a very loud laugh. “Here you go Stanley. From Zayn.” She speaks up, handing him the envelope. Stan takes it with a devilish smirk. “Ah! Zayn delivering the dough, once again! What a life this is!” He yelps, waving the envelope around in the air.

Eleanor chuckles, “Tell him I said I love him!” “Will do.” She replies, making her way back towards Harry and Zayn. Zayn hands her a drink, with some random clear liquid in it but she downs it anyways, her throat pleasantly burning with it afterwards. Tastes beautifully.

“Said he loves you for pulling out the money.” She tells him, looking up at him, and setting her drink down on the counter behind them. He nods, looking at her for a second before coughing and drinking his own drink awkwardly.

“Well, I’m gonna go over here.” Zayn mumbled, brushing past her and walking over to the other side of the room, mingling in with some people. “I don’t care what you do.” She mumbles to herself, pouring herself another drink. She’s good at that.

Tonight was going by extremely fast, and by one in the morning there was only about eleven of them left. All of them were slung over some piece of furniture. Eleanor couldn't even spell "drunk" right now.

Eleanors eyes pried themselves open, watching Louis plop down on Stan's floor. "Lets play duck duck goose!" He yelled, spreading his limbs out like a starfish. Almost everyone groaned. "No running. I'll puke everywhere." Harry replied, tossing a pillow at Louis' stomach.

"Lets play "Guess Who?"!" Stan yelled back, finding the energy to stand up and look at everyone. "Yeah!" Stan's friend Molly yelled, joining him and standing up. 

"What...the fuck is Guess Who?" Louis asks, sitting up and using his arms as stands to keep him up. "It's like Heads Up 7 Up, but you have to guess who kissed you instead of who tapped you." He explains, walking towards his room. "Hold on!" He yelled as an only explanation.

Louis stood back up, stretching his arms out and yawning. "I wanna play this game and win." He announced, watching Stan come back in,  some ties in his hands.

"Ooh, kinky." Louis smiles, snatching one from his friend. "Half of us are blindfolded so we don't know whose kissing us and the other half are the smoochers! Last smoocher standing wins!" 

Eleanor doesn't know how, but Stan gets everyone standing. Six people blindfolded and five people not. Eleanor, being one of the blindfolded, obviously. She's not risking purposely kissing someone and having her liquor breath all over them.

"Ready...go!" Someone yells, probably Stan, and the Eleanor tightens her "blindfold" swaying unconsciously. She can't help but smile, hearing everyone giggle and squeal with joy. 

Eleanor would say she wouldn't mind if she wasn't kissed, but she is. She feels lips press against hers, and she knows it's a man. His stubble scratches against her chin and cheeks. 

Eleanor deepens the kiss unconsciously, swaying into him and sliding her lips over his, the drag of it giving her goosebumps.

She breathes in through her nose, involuntarily whining as he pulls back. She felt like she was kissing Louis for a second. Which would make sense because Louis is one of the "kissers", and obviously he would pick Eleanor.

"Blindfolds down!" Stan screams, his voice cracking at the end. Eleanor yanks her tie down, leaving it hanging on her neck. She folds her arms, across her chest, Louis' avoiding her eye contact very obviously. Got em.

"Okay, Danielle you were not kissed, so sit down." The girl pouts and  plops down on the couch, crossing her legs in a diva manner. "Okay, Calder, you guess first." Stan says, pointing at Eleanor. "Louis." She states in such a manner that she cannot even seem wrong.

"Nope!" Louis yells, popping the p with a victory laugh. "What?!" Eleanor screeches, everyone laughing, and moving on to the next person. There's no way it wasn't Louis. Well, also, Louis did say he wanted to win. And if you wanted to win you wouldn't pick someone so obvious.

Eleanor huffed, and yanks her tie back up, covering her eyes in defeat