s popped up again and he's making my life hell. Son of a bitch busted into my place twice, and he's threatening Sam."

 

"Holy poop! Dean, are you alright? For serious, now."

 

"Yeah. I'm gonna get Sammy up where I can keep an eye on him. Feel a lot better with him watching my back, too."



 "Well, if you're sure—"

 

"Yeah. Yeah...."I rake a hand through my hair. "Listen, Charlie: This ain't just a social call. Crowley said he's gonna be back here at 9pm tomorrow."

 

Charlie swears.

 

"Yeah, I know. Can you do me a solid and look into him? Like what kind of crap he steals, where we might find him so we can head him off at the pass? Imma get Sammy working on this, too. Between the three of us, maybe we can get the drop on him."



 "Oh Dean! How noir! Le chien noir! Sure, let's bust him!"

 

"Thatta girl. There's that dork all the ladies give it up for."

 

"Damn straight! Detective Middleton on the case! But seriously, isn't Gabe's dreamy brother helping you out?"

 

"Yeah, well... he's got other crap on his plate. Like minding the house. We got this, OK?"



 "Sure, boss man. If you say so."

 

"I do."



 We say our goodbyes and hang up. I sigh with relief. If Cas is too busy both thinking with and being a dick, we can take this from another angle. In the meantime, I do the last couple days worth of dishes, then smack my forehead. The freaking window! I call my landlord and ask her which guy she uses for this crap. Naomi is more intensely displeased about the situation then worried about me; I have to endure a half hour of intense grilling. After making promises about the cops keeping an eye out, I give up and give her Cas's number. She can be his problem now. It's the least he can do. My mind's running a mile a minute, but I'm out of gas. I flop down face-first into my pillow, hug it, punch it, swear and roll onto my back.

 

This is the most annoying day I've had in a freaking series of them. I glare angrily at the ceiling and then don't remember anything for awhile.






***


Groaning, I roll over and look at the clock.  7 P.M. and it's still annoyingly, disgustingly cheerful outside. Like the middle of a freaking Disney movie, with the chirping birds and soft drone of insects. Time to go grab Sammy. No time to stop for coffee, dammit.

 

The trip out is as crappy as usual; I get cut off a couple of times and nearly miss the damn exit. Sam's waiting for me in the pick-up area already so I don't have to pay the stupid sky-high parking fees. Pulling into the open spot a couple dozen yards away, I see Sammy huff and stalk up to the car in my rear-view. I grin. Ahh, annoying my little brother. Surely one of life's finer pleasures. Sam opens the back passenger-side door and tosses his lame hippie backpack in. He clambers in next to me an instant later, all gangly limbs and girly long hair.

 

"Sammy!" I pull him over and thump him too hard on the back. "Good to see you, you son of a bitch!"

 

Sam rolls his eyes, but hugs me back with one arm. "We have the same mother, Dean."

 

"Yeah, I know. Though sometimes I wonder, Samantha." I let go, shoot him a shit-eating grin, and escape the airport parking lot.

 

"For a guy so worried about me, I wasn't expecting you to be late picking me up, dude."

 

My fingers white-knuckle the steering wheel and my jaw works a bit before answering. "Yeah, well. I had a "trying morning"." Laying the sarcasm on thick, I know Sammy will catch the air quotes.

 

Sam sighs. "Yeah, I know."

 

I snort. "You know don't the half of it, Sammamaphone."

 

"Then tell me, sheesh."

 

We pull to a stop waiting in a conga-line of doom for leaving the airport. "Easier if I show you." I dredge up Crowley's email on my phone, toss it to Sam. "Here."

 

"Ok, thanks." Out of the corner of my eye I see Sammy frowning until he's got full on wifi forehead going. "Dude, that's fucked up."

 

"Yeah." I clench my jaw. "Awesome, ain't it?" I spit off.

 

I glance over at Sam, see him swipe the phone to close the e-mail app. A flicker of