you gonna tell me what’s wrong, or do I have to guess until I get it right?”

Startled, Miles glanced up at him. The other boy was looking at him expectantly; his face was pleasant but his blue eyes were sharp. It was unnerving, really, the way Phoenix could see right through him.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Wright,” Miles answered tersely. 

“I think you do. And stop calling me ‘Wright’ all the time! You sound like an old man. Or like your father or something.”

“I’m not like my father, Wright,” Miles snapped. Phoenix looked shocked at his sudden outburst, but pressed on.

“But, aren’t you always goinh on about how much of a hero he is and stuff, and how you’re gonna be just like him?”

Miles looked as if he were going to reply, but then appeared to change his mind, settling for plucking at another petal. Phoenix shrugged and let his head fall back on the bench, looking up at the clouds. There was a rather lengthy and uncomfortable silence, during which Miles’ guilt continued to gnaw at him. He shouldn’t have snapped at Phoenix. He was just trying to help, in his own forward and imposing way.

“Phoenix,” he started, by way of an apology. The other boy’s attention snapped to him immediately, looking so ridiculously hopeful and eager that Miles felt his heart ache. Phoenix had a talent for reading people, but unfortunately he was just as easily read.

'I’m sorry for snapping at you, but there are just some things I’d rather not discuss at the moment,' was what Miles meant to say. Instead, he blurted,
“My father lost his case yesterday.”

There was a short silence before Phoenix spoke up.
“What?”

Smart as a whip, that Phoenix Wright. Miles sighed. He might as well elaborate. In a way, it was a relief to get this off his chest.

“My father was the defense attorney in a case yesterday. It was a murder case. His client… confessed his guilt almost as soon as the trial started.”

Phoenix frowned at him. “Well, that doesn’t make sense, does it? Why would he do that?”

Suddenly, Miles felt all the rage and grief he had felt the previous day. Thoughts of betrayal, thoughts of liars, thoughts of criminals filled his head. It was enough to make him sick.

“Miles?” Phoenix said quietly, trying to draw him from his own thoughts.

“I’ve always dreamed of following in my father’s footsteps,” Miles said, careful to keep his composure, “I’ve always wanted to protect the weak. But now…” he trailed off, picking at his flower’s petals. Phoenix watched him curiously.

“Now?”

“It’s impossible.” He looked at Phoenix in exasperation.

“What’s impossible? I’m not a mind-reader, Miles. Say what you mean, for once.”

Miles grimaced, but he complied. “Trying to protect people is impossible,” he clarified. “People lie. They cheat. They’re criminals, Phoenix. How can I ever trust in my client if I don’t know the truth about them? I’ll end up betrayed, just like my father.” He plucked at his flower furiously. So much for composure. 

There was a short pause before Phoenix started to laugh. Miles stared, bewildered.  

“This is hardly anything to laugh over, Wright,” he started icily, but the raven-haired boy simply shook his head and grinned.

“Do you even remember the day we became friends? Maybe you really are an old man. You’ve got the hair for it, at least.”

Miles shot him a look, not in the mood for games.

“Explain yourself, Wright.”

“Phoenix," he corrected him, but quickly went on to spare himself from another terrifying Edgeworth-glare. “What I mean is, you defended me before, right? You didn’t even know if I stole the money or not. You just went with your gut feeling and protected me. Y’know, People get betrayed all the time. I know I’ll get betrayed one day, and so will you. But that’s life, right? You gotta do what you can to defend the underdog. Isn’t that what being a defense attorney’s about? Protecting people no matter what?”

Miles stared at him, his expression unreadable.

“Phoenix,” he said, finally, letting another petal drop, “You would make a terrible defense attorney.”

The boy beamed at him, and Miles felt his heart ache once again. This was his friend, possibly his only true friend, sitting across from him and grinning like an idiot. If—no, when— Miles became a defense attorney, he prayed that he’d have a client who would smile at him like that. Somebody true