“Of course I did!(not),” Nico responded.

“Well, whatever, just switch to your video,”

“Okay, okay. Let’s see…”


“Are you sure you aren’t worn out from yesterday, Eli-chi?~”



“G-Geez what are you bringing up now”


Nico froze. She couldn’t look away. Why was the president blushing? What happened yesterday?  This could be a perfect opportunity to get some dirt on that high and mighty (tall and busty) student council president! The future idol looked at her girlfriend and grinned; Maki looked back, slightly afraid.

“A-Are you really not going to change it?” asked Maki

“What? and miss anything juicy?” said Nico, “Come on, I know you wanna get some dirt on her too~”

“Th-That’s not true!”

“Oh? No one is forcing you to watch~”

“W-Well! It’s not like I n-”


"Ahh!”



Ahh?


Maki and Nico couldn’t believe their ears. Was that Eli?! The sudden outcry drew their gaze back to the screen. 

“Maki, what is happening?”

“I don’t know! All I can see is her face!”

“N-Nozomi! That's not fair,” said Eli “You know I'm sensitive around my ears!”

“Oh sorry, I must have forgotten~”

"And d-do you really need the camera in my face?” asked Eli, her eyes carefully avoiding the camera’s lens.

"Yes, it’s much more fun this way~” said Nozomi, adjusting the camera on the star of the show.

“Hey quit it!” said Eli in protest. “Can you p-please put that away?”


"But we just started!” cried Nozomi.



“C-Come o-”



“No not yet~”


“Nozomi! That’s not what I meant you jerk!”


“Fine, fine. Here, I’m putting it away~”


“What?! Come on! It was just getting good!” Nico shouted as she violently shook the laptop.

"Geez Nico, don’t you have any respect for privacy (and property)? We should have turned this off in the first place,"

"Oh? Then how come you didn’t? I mean, it’s your computer.”

"Yeah, so why are you attempting to destroy it?!"

Nico had the courtesy to look apologetic.

Their bickering was interrupted by the sound of rustling on-screen.


“Is it off?”


Wait, what?


“Don’t worry it’s off.”



“You promise?”


"I promise~”

The room spun for a moment before abruptly stopping on the smiling face of Nozomi. She winked.

Is she winking at us? the girl’s thought.

Their view blurred again before coming into focus once more.

“She lied!” Nico and Maki shouted in unison.

Now, instead of just Eli’s face, both girls were in full view.

“Is Eli’s shirt unbuttoned!?” Nico exclaimed.

“What pretty lingerie,” Maki muttered under her breath.

“...and what’s with that position?!” Nico continued her rant.

“...I wish i could wear stuff like that,” Maki continued in a somber tone.

“Maki! Focus on the important things here! Your chest is fine!”

“Wh-What?”

“I’m saying I like your chest, Maki, now focus!”

“N-Nico don’t just say things like that out of the bl-”

“I said focus! Look!”

Nozomi pushed the blonde haired girl up against a table and…


They’re kissing!


“They’re kissing!” the duo exclaimed.

“But they’re both girls!” Nico, shouted.

“So are we,” Maki deadpanned.

“Oh right.”

Nico and Maki knew the student council members had some kind of relationship, but they didn’t exactly know what kind. They uh, sort of had an idea now. A vague idea. I mean, the subtext was there.

“Hey Nico…” said Maki, her eyes glued to the screen, “Don’t you think there’s something a little off here?”

"You were hiding something so lacey under that shirt Eli-chi~”


“W-Well, it was the only one I had clean!”



“Oh is that so~?”


“N-Nico?!”

“I’ll say there’s something a little off here,” said Nico, her face tensing up, “That tall walking set of boobs is even bustier than I thought!”

“Don’t you think there’s a bigger issue here?!”

Nico was shocked, Maki was right, there was an even bigger issue here!

“You’re right,” said Nico, “Eli is the bottom?!”

“That’s not what I…Oh wait you’re right.”

As the video continued the two voyeurs (viewers!) couldn’t look away. Their faces grew more flushed with every passing moment.

Maki gulped, this was