be with.

Jensen expects a couple things when he gets home from work. Like, a sleeping Jared or Tyler playing with Harley and Sadie. But this, he really didn’t expect this.

Jared’s sitting at the small table in Tyler’s room, pretending to sip tea from a plastic cup. He has an apron around his neck that’s too small with little pink hearts on it and Jensen has to try his hardest not to laugh. “Hi guys.”

Tyler jumps up and makes a loud, squeaky noise, “Daddy! Papa’s playing house with me! We’re having a tea party!”

“I can see that.”

Apparently Jared sees the look of amusement on Jensen’s face because he raises a finger at him, “Don’t say anything.” Jared removes the apron and sets it on the table, standing up and placing a quick kiss to Jensen’s lips.

“I’m tempted to make a Toy Story reference.”

“We actually watched that earlier. It’s probably where she got the idea.” He puts down the apron and walks out of the room, leaving Tyler to her own. Jared tugs on Jensen’s shirt, “My business man.”

Jensen laughs and says, “My teacup fairy.”

Jared playfully punches his shoulder and pouts, “I’m not a fairy! I prefer liquid sorcerer.”

“Right. Liquid sorcerer. So tonight’s your night to come up with something for dinner.”

“I’m thinking Alfredo pasta.”

“Sounds delicious, my almighty food emperor.” They both burst out laughing and Jensen ends up snorting, only causing Jared to laugh harder. “I’m gonna go shower, okay?” He kisses Jared’s cheek and walks off, disappearing into the bedroom. Harley tries to follow him but gets the door shut in his face with a small apology from Jensen.

Harley tilts his head at Jared and barks, wagging his tail. Jared feeds Harley and Sadie before getting to work on dinner.

As the water is boiling, he grabs what he needs out of the fridge and cupboards, setting them down next to the stove. He likes it better when Jensen cooks. Not because he’s lazy, but because somehow, Jensen’s food always manages to taste absolutely amazing. Seriously, the man can pour a glass of plain orange juice and it’ll taste better than normal.

He’s almost finished when Jensen’s voice says, “Well at least you didn’t burn the house down.”

Jared scoffs, “Ha ha very funny.” He turns his head and grins at him. “You’re wearing my clothes.”

They share a closet, so it’s not uncommon for them to wear each other’s clothes, but Jared loves seeing Jensen in his oversized shirts and baggy pants.

“Indeed I am. This shirt is comfy. Tyler starts school on Monday.”

“What—oh shit, you’re right. Have you talked to her?”

He tucks Jared’s hair behind his ear, “Just did. She’s excited. What’re you gonna do here at home all by yourself?”

“I should get a job.”

“Jared—”

“Really, Jen. You’re always pulling the weight around here. Now that Ty’s starting school, I need to take some of that off your shoulders.”

“The bookstore across the street from where I work is hiring cashiers, if you’re interested.” If Jared gets a similar schedule, they could drop Tyler off at school in the mornings and then head off to work.

Jared hums, “That would be nice. I’ll check it out.”

Jensen takes Monday off so he can take Tyler to school. Jared comes too, of course, wanting to see his little girl go off on her first day.

But when they get home, it’s quiet. Too quiet. And a bit awkward. Jensen starts, “So, uh. We’re alone.”

“You know what this means?”

“Calling Misha for a threesome?” Jared glares and Jensen continues, “Or breaking out the junk food and watching movies on HBO in our underwear?”

“The second one. And maybe some sex later. Without Misha.” Jared adds, “Maybe.” Jensen narrows his eyes and Jared says, “Okay, okay. Sex now?” Jensen nods and Jared lets out a laugh, tilting his head and kissing Jensen, “It’s been too long.” He unbuttons Jensen’s jeans, shoving them around his ankles. Jared drops to his knees, smirking up at Jensen and wrapping his hand around his cock.

“Fuck.” Jensen threads his fingers in Jared’s hair when he takes him into his mouth, shallowly thrusting his hips. He instantly feels weak in the knees, blood rushing to his cock. “God, Jared.”

Jared loves the way Jensen whispers his name brokenly and makes tiny whimpers. He runs his tongue over the slit, earning a gasp. Jared does everything he can to elicit sounds from Jensen’