four, none of the players rang a bell. He thought number three might be the tall glasses blocker, considering the blond hair and, well, the glasses. Number one was the pinch server from back then, probably.

Now number two… Iwaizumi grinned.

Kageyama was standing next to the captain, looking only half as awkward as he used to do, and watching the team listen to the pre-match speech.

Iwaizumi was sure he just heard Oikawa’s breath hitch. And he was very sure that Oikawa was going to hate love him for what he was about to do. He stood up, startling Oikawa and put his hands around his mouth.

“KAGEYAMA! DO YOUR BEST!”

Oikawa whipped his head to gasp at Iwaizumi at the same time Kageyama looked up. Iwaizumi waved, still grinning, when Kageyama nodded to greet him and when Oikawa pulled his down forcefully, splattering and blushing.

“Iwa-chan what the fuck?!”

“You’ll thank me later,” he said, raising a knowing eyebrow at him.

Oikawa huffed and pouted, but when he glanced at the court – at Kageyama –, he couldn’t help the smile trying to force its way up on his face.

 

 

Karasuno didn’t win the match, though the score was really close and it had taken the five sets to determine who would be the winner and go to the national tournament. You could clearly see the frustration on the players’ faces, especially the four third years. It had been their last match of high school.

Iwaizumi thought he would have to drag Oikawa’s ass to see Karasuno but surprisingly enough, Oikawa headed to their locker room on his own.

They waited for them to come out near the door. The first years and second years were the first ones to come out and they all passed before them without a look or a word. When the glasses blocker came out and saw them, he had a short pause before following the others’ way. The captain came next, though after a quick glance to them, he only looked back into the room.

“Hinata, Kageyama, hurry up!”

“We’re coming, we’re coming!” Hinata yelled back, and then he was going out of the room dragging Kageyama.

Oikawa would deny it until after his death, but his heart had that very shoujo-like missed beat when his eyes met Kageyama’s.

“!! The Grand King and his Ace!” Hinata pointed an accusatory finger at them.

“I’m still not sure why you’ve been calling me that for ages, but thanks I guess?” Oikawa smirked. Hinata started to try to explain but Kageyama hit him before he managed one full sentence.

The captain glanced at them, then at Kageyama and sighed.

“We’ll be leaving in fifteen-twenty minutes. Don’t be late, Kageyama.” He then grabbed Hinata by the wrist and dragged him away, leaving the three of them alone.

“Oikawa-san, Iwaizumi-san.” Kageyama’s face remained neutral as he greeted them. Sensing that neither of them would start the conversation, Iwaizumi grinned and went slapping Kageyama’s back.

“That was an amazing match, Kageyama! What a shame you didn’t make it though, that was a close call! You fought well.” Kageyama’s eyes gleamed with a mix of pride and sadness, which Iwaizumi could understand. He had felt it once, too.

Oikawa still hadn’t moved or said anything but Iwaizumi knew he had a lot to say. Being done with what he wanted to do himself, he tapped Kageyama one more time, on the shoulder, and started walking back.

“I’m gonna go get myself something to eat, see ya. Hope we can meet again, Kageyama.” And with this, he was gone and the two setters were left alone.

They stayed in silence for a moment. Kageyama didn’t really know what to say. They didn’t have a lot of time left before he would have to leave, too. But Oikawa didn’t know where to begin. So he did what he did best when it came to Kageyama.

“That last dump shot was terrible, even a middle schooler would have gotten it.”

“I know. I hesitated, I shouldn’t have.”

“Aren’t you the ‘super genius setter’? Who would have thought you could hesitate, too?” Kageyama frowned at that.

“Being a third year playing his potential last match adds a certain pressure.”

“Duh. And how does it feel to have lost?” Oikawa swore he didn’t mean bad. But the words flew out of his mouth without his own accord. Kageyama looked down. His fists clenched.

Tooru saw his shoulders starting to shake. He sighed, more out of reflex than irritation or annoyance, and walked closer to Kageyama. Before he could regret his decision, he opened his arms and wrapped them around the younger boy.

As soon as he was pushed forward to Tooru’s chest, Kageyama tensed. A hand pressed his head to lean on Tooru