attacked your insides as you lifted your hand to knock.

No going back now.

You tapped your fist against the wooden panel and waited. It seemed like you had been standing staring at the door for an eternity, almost finding it in you run but the the sound of the latch came and the door swung open.

“Y/N, what are you doing here?” The slight change in pitch indicated Spencer was definitely surprised to see you.

“Hi um…” You murmured, clearing your throat and taking a breath you continued. “I wanted to apologise for the other day. I was a bitch...l…” Damn, you'd never thought to rehearse a speech and now you were faltering.

“It's… Ok…” You could tell Spencer was a little confused, you needed to get a grip and do this.

“Look, I came here because I needed to. These past few days have sucked and I'm done. Like, I am done being alone and being too frightened to take risks. Everything you said was right…” You took another deep breath and finally met Spencer’s gaze as you finally released the words you’d never said, “I'm here because I want to risk it all, for you.  I'm ready to tell you that I love you, Spencer Reid.”

There was silence and you could feel yourself physically shaking, from both the cold and the nerves. You opened your mouth to speak again but Spencer interrupted you.

“I feel like I've waited a lifetime to hear you say that.” His voice broke a little, it was obvious he was overcome with emotion.

“I know and I'm sorry about that. But I mean it, Spence, I love you. And I'm here because well, it's Christmas and I'm hoping you'll give me a chance to prove it.” 

You stepped closer and reached out your shaking hand to cup his face, Spencer smiled as he mirrored your action. 

“Christ Y/N, you're absolutely freezing. Here come inside.” He grabbed your hand and pulled you inside, you moved to shut the door before turning back round.

He was right there. The man you loved so deeply, stood directly in front of you. You could feel the heat radiating from him. You could smell his cologne. Taking in every inch of him, you licked your lips, he was wearing an auburn coloured shirt with the sleeves rolled up and his usual tailored trousers. Your thoughts were interrupted as you felt his hand touch your face, his fingers playing with your hair.

“You're so beautiful.” He murmured low, your breath caught in your throat at his tone. “I think it's safe to say that I am totally and completely in love with you.” You closed your eyes as he moved closer, his lips just millimetres away from yours.

“All I've thought about since we kissed is kissing you again.” Your voice came out in a whisper, your stomach turning in excitement as you felt his breath travel across your skin.

“Then who am I to deny you your wish at Christmas?” You felt him smirk against your lips before he kissed you with such urgency, you were left completely breathless.

The kiss deepened, your hands all over each other as you had both yearned to do for so long. At this point, you had completely forgotten about the surprise beneath your coat but were promptly reminded as Spencer pulled at the sash, sliding it off of your arms. His hands returned to your hips for a moment but he pulled back suddenly, the look on his face priceless.

“Y/N! I… I… Um… Wow.” Seeing him so flustered gave you a spur of confidence, you stepped backwards and leant against the cold oak of the door.

“Do you like?”

“Like um…” Spencer cleared his throat “Like isn’t the word I’d go for.” His tongue darted across his bottom lip as his eyes searched every part of you. Spencer was very clearly extremely turned on and it was driving you wild.

Before you had even a moment to make your next move, Spencer’s lips crashed against yours in another hungry kiss. One which was short lived as he broke away as he swept you from your feet into a bridal carry, heading in the direction of the bedroom.

~

Spencer all but threw you on the sheets, taking a moment to toe off his socks as he continued to take you all in, a hunger in his eyes you’d never seen before. It was almost as if he’d thought about this moment before, as if he’d fantasized about having you here in some similar fashion.

Just as he was about to move onto the bed you sat up and met him at the edge, taking hold of both his collars and kissing him hard. His hands went straight to your sides above your hips, letting his nails graze your skin as he played. You gave him a few moments of play before you pulled him onto