Aoyagi blinked at his ceiling for a moment trying to figure out what had woken him. After a moment the fact that his ceiling was clearly visible queued him in that his phone had lit up. He picked it up squinting at the screen, the  brightness was as low as it could go but in the dark it still seemed over bright. There were two texts from Teshima. 

 [Are you awake?] 

 [I can’t sleep] 

Aoyagi yawned and pressed the call button, texting was at the moment the less appealing option. 

 “Aoyagi? Sorry I didn’t intend to wake you up, you can go back to sleep…”  Teshima trailed off though the sound of his breathing, faster and harsher than Aoyagi’s own breath, told him he had not hung up. 

 “Junta.” Aoyagi spoke even quieter than he normally did but it didn’t matter, Teshima would understand. 

 “ No really, I’m fine I don’t know why I texted you in the first place-” Teshima was cut off by a huff from Aoyagi. “I just couldn’t sleep, couldn’t stop thinking.” 

 They both know that the sigh from Aoyagi is more fond than anything else. They’ve been through this before but it still means the same thing  it’s okay  and I’m here. 

 “You are right now but so were people in grade school and middle school and now none of them talk to me. What if when we graduate you go to art school and get famous and you wont need me anymore…”

 “Junta.” So that’s what it was about this time. These nights had been getting more and more frequent the closer they got to graduation. It made sense though, Aoyagi was almost as nervous as Teshima was for what would happen after they graduated.

 “I know. I know you don’t plan to leave me but it doesn’t stop the thoughts in the middle of the night…” This time Teshima broke off because Aoyagi had started humming. Aoyagi listened as he got quiet, likely trying to place the song. “That’s the song…”

 Aoyagi paused to make an agreeable noise before going back to humming again. It was the song Teshima always sang to him, a lullaby. He sang it during storms and on the nights when he called Aoyagi because it was Aoyagi who couldn’t sleep.

 “Hajime.” Teshima’s voice was quiet this time and Aoyagi knew he’d understood, had heard the words behind the humming, the I’m not leaving and the I’ll always answer. Just as Aoyagi understood the words behind his name, the I love you and thank you. 

Eventually Teshima’s breathing slowed to match Aoyagi’s and Aoyagi ran out of song to hum. The line crackled slightly but neither hung up. When the sun brushed Aoyagi’s face and woke him it took a moment to realize why he could hear Teshima’s breathing. He smiled softly at his phone enjoying the quiet. “Junta.”

 “Hmm?” Aoyagi could hear Teshima roll over, heard the confused noise that followed as he found Aoyagi not in his bed, knew Teshima could hear the puff of breath that from Aoyagi was a laugh. “We fell asleep?”

“Good morning Junta.” Aoyagi said by way of answer smiling as he heard Teshima’s laughter. 

 “Good morning Hajime.” 