How do you even bring this kind of thing up?

"Gabe?" Gabriel looked up to Pete, "what's up?"

Gabriel shifted, not looking at Pete, "have you ever thought about finding your mate, true or not?"  Pete nodded, "I have. But after countless of wrong Alphas, I stopped looking. But then I met you and I've never been as happy as I've been since I met you."  Gabriel looked up and smiled, "can you tell?"  Pete blushed and looked down, "ya I can tell. Maybe that's what makes being around you so easy to me. I'm not scared of you like I would be with other alphas. Im... comfortable, safe."  "Have you thought about mating... with me?"  Pete nodded, "I have. It sometimes feel that we're already mated. I forget that we're not mated, I get reminded when I go out without you and some asshole tries to get in my pants and it makes me wish we were mated so asshole like that would at least know they're messing with a mated Omega. I would like that... security."  Gabriel moved closer, nuzzling Petes neck, right where the mating mark would go.  "Do you want me to mate you Omega? Do you want to be mine forever?"  Pete shivered on the spot, "I do."  "Are you sure? Because I want you to be mine and once I start I won't stop until you're underneath me, spent, with my mark on your neck and my knot inflated in you. Holding us together."  Pete shivered again, "y-yes. Please."  Gabriel skimmed his teeth on Pete's neck, "okay."  Pete squeaked when he was suddenly lifted. Gabriel walked them to his bedroom, throwing Pete on the bed.  Gabriel crawled over him, kissing him deeply.  Pet's hands wound up and into Gabriel's hair.  Gabriel brought his hips down to Petes for the first time, causing Pete to gasp. Gabriel kissed down his neck and to the edge of his shirt.  He lifted the shirt, pulling it off and doing the same with his own.  "Have you ever done this before?"  Pete smiled sheepishly, shaking his head no, "the farthest I've ever gotten was to a hand job..."  Gabriel leaned up and kissed him hard, "you're so innocent. I get to be the one to corrupt you."  Pete glared, Gabriel chuckled making his way down his chest.  Gabriel kissed in between his two pecks then kissed a nipple, licking and sucking it into his mouth, erupting a gasp from Pete and his hands to curl back into Gabriel's hair.  Gabriel licked and sucked the nipple until it was puffy and pink, moving onto the next after and giving it the same treatment.  He flicked them when he pulled off, getting another gasp. Gabriel kissed down his stomach and to his waist line.  He hooked his fingers in Petes pants and grinned mischievously up at Pete, who was panting, staring at him through half-lidded eyes.  Gabriel slowly pulled his pants down and off, taking his boxers with him.  Pete was like any regular Omega, not very big package but produced a lot of slick. Gabriel groaned at the potent smell of slick that Pete was producing.  Gabriel kissed Pete's thigh and up to his navel. He kissed his sack and up his dick, tongue probing at the hole at the head.  Pete thrusted up, Gabriel's hands gripped his hips, pinning him to the bed.  "P-Please Gabe-"  Gabriel smiled, sucking Petes head into his mouth, tongue probing at the slit, licking up the precum.  "A-Ah! Feels so good."  Gabriel took the rest of Petes small cock in his mouth, slurping.  He brought him to the edge before popping off, causing Pete to shiver.  Gabriel probed his fingers at Petes hole, smearing the slick around. He brought his fingers up, sucking them in his mouth, sitting up.  "Mmm baby, you taste lovely."  Gabriel stared at Pete's blushing face, sucking his own fingers, his other hand rubbing his own hard on through his pants.  Gabriel removed his fingers from his mouth and positioned them back at Petes leaking hole. He looked up to Pete.  "Are you ready?"  Pete nodded, "please Gabe."  Gabriel slowly pushed a finger in, there was a little resistance but the slick help soothe the way. He worked his finger in to the last knuckle, watching as the hole squeezed around his finger.  "You're so fucking beautiful. You gotta relax baby, let me work you open."  Pete took a deep breathe and let it out slowly, Gabriel felt as he did that, that his hole relaxed, allowing him to probe at it with another finger.  "Gotta at least get three fingers in you baby."  Gabriel worked his second finger in and slowly scissored him open, picking up speed as Pete loosened.  "Ah-ah-ah."  Gabriel