’t escape the rules of the word grenade you created. I win.”

“For today.” Zayn reminds him. “I’ll get you back.”

“For always, actually. But I’m counting on it.”

“Night, Jaan. Love you.”

“Night, babe. Talk soon.”

 


 You wear white and I'll wear out the words "I love you" 



 And you're beautiful 


 

Standing before him, before Zayn, Liam knows he’s making the right choice.

There’s no one but Zayn.

It has been, always will be Zayn.

His best friend.

His lover.

His Zayn.

 


 Marry me 



 Today and every day 


 

“You look beautiful.” Liam quietly mumbles over the ceremony the priest is giving, his eyes stuck ahead but a smile nonetheless painted on his face.

“You’re not even looking at me.” Zayn informs, side by side to Liam as they’re kneeled before the priest with his own eyes staring ahead as well and Liam can tell that there’s a smile on Zayn’s proud face.

“Well,I did. I could. But that’d be disrespectful.”

“And you talking over the priest isn’t?” Zayn titters which manages to get the priests attention.

“Sorry.” Zayn is quick to apologize before he’s questioned. “This one here--” he elbows Liam on the side. “is trouble.”

The priest seems unphased and simply smiles in return before asking if he can continue on with the ceremony. Both parties agree and so it continues.

“You’re the worst.” Liam can’t help but override with, even if he’s simply whispering again.

Zayn smiles and Liam already knows what’s fishing inside of Zayn’s brain.


I know.


 


 Marry me 



 If I ever get the nerve to say "Hello" in this cafe 



 Say you will 


 

‘Leeeeyum. Look what I found!”

Liam rounds the corner of their living room flat, only to find Zayn sitting at the kitchen table, photographs splayed in all general directions.

“What is this?” Liam asks curiously, pulling out a seat with the sound of wood against wood sounding in his ear before he’s sitting next to Zayn.

“Look.” Zayn goes on, ignoring Liam’s question as he slides an image towards Liam.

Liam takes it easily before his eyes are set on analyzing the photograph.

“Wasn’t this the day I spilled coffee on you after our, like, third lunch date?”

“During our lunch date. Had to go to work right after that, too, but I rebelled and went home instead to change. You almost got me fired.”

“Your fault for the choice of location.” Liam pointed out, taking note of Zayn taking a photograph of Liam taking a photograph of him within the image.

“That’s bullocks!” Zayn exclaimed, leaning over and poking at Liam’s side which Liam was quick at swatting away Zayn’s hand, setting the image down.

“Is not.” Liam laughed, shaking his head in amusement before Zayn was quick to glare over at Liam with the smile distinctively itching to pull at Zayn’s face.

Zayn set the photograph he currently had in his hand of the two of them down, pushing his seat back only to turn his full attention towards Liam, standing up and then tossing a leg over Liam’s waist, placing his hand on Liam’s shoulder as he sunk down in Liam's lap.

Liam was still smiling despite it all, though a hand had instinctively rested against Zayn’s waist, a raised eyebrow in question.

Grabbing hold of Liam’s face between his hands, Zayn wasted no time in slotting their lips together, Liam’s hold tightening on Zayn’s waist with every passing second.

It was always like this for Liam.

Never enough, no matter how close he had Zayn close to him. He was this addiction he never seemed to be able to fully satiate from Zayn whether it related to the physical things or something as simple as the way Zayn looked at him at times like he’d created the sun and the stars and everything in between.

But Zayn had always been more than enough, as a person, a friend, a lover.

Zayn had known him, had taken the time, understood him better than anyone else. They had passed that point in time where they couldn’t understand what simple one liners meant or their way of texting and how it reflected on their behavior.

Zayn was everything.

Liam’s lips held that soft, fluttery warmth once again, stomach flipping and breathing slowing down once again. The precious sound Zayn made had Liam’s smirk fading into a smile faster than he thought possible, and he admired the utter look of happiness on Zayn’s face, feeling more content than he ever had before because he knew that he was the reason for that lovely smile.

Zayn was his everything.

Pulling back from Liam with their lips parting, Zayn smiled his hands falling short down to the nape of Liam’s neck with arms