, not that he was repulsed or anything by the idea, Junko laughed and smiled with her mouth and claimed she was merely teasing.

She kissed Yasuhiro on the nose as she headed out.

Touko peeked in and left without a word.

“Where are Oowada-kun, Togami-kun and Kirigiri-kun?” asked Kiyotaka, having not deemed his finished meal a reason to excuse himself.

“Maizono-san said she saw Togami-kun this morning,” said Makoto. “He was looking for mistletoe.”

Yasuhiro scratched his head. “Togami-chi? I didn’t think him that kind of guy.”

“He falls right into the casanova trope,” Hifumi piped up, punching the air. “Don’t fret, Celes-dono and Fujisaki Chihiro-dono. If he tries anything, I will transform into the Blue Knight and protect you with my life!”

Chihiro reddened.

Sakura patted Chihiro’s shoulder and glared at Hifumi.

Celestia giggled behind her hand. “Oh my, that would be quite the sight. I may just let him seek me out in that case.”

“Actually, I think he’s looking for mistletoe so he can avoid them,” said Makoto.

Kiyotaka leaped to his feet, palms slamming against the table. Celestia’s drink spilled onto her lap.

Her face twitched at the visible wisp of steam rising from her dress.

“Not only is he skipping breakfast,” said Kiyotaka, eyebrows quivering, “but he is going out of his way to disrupt the festivity! This is unacceptable!”

Celestia left her breakfast on the table and scampered toward the door, holding her dress away from her thighs.

Hifumi almost fell over as he rolled off his chair and stumbled after her.

Kyouko appeared in the doorway.

Monobear appeared. “Bing-bong-!”

Not missing a beat, Celestia grabbed the strands of hair dangling in front of Kyouko’s ears and pressed her lips against hers.

Hifumi did fall over that time.

Kyouko stepped to the side to let Celestia pass, gazing after her with a bemused expression.

“Mistletoe,” Kyouko remarked, glancing upward. “I assume this rule is being heavily enforced then?”

“What kind of headmaster would I be if it wasn’t?” asked Monobear before popping out of sight.

“This rule was implemented so we can bond,” said Kiyotaka. “It is this bond that will encourage us as a team to strive to do our very best! This rule will lift our spirits in such an unfortunate predicament! Togami-kun’s actions threaten to make all our work for nought! If this goes on, society will collapse and we will submit to our most barbaric instincts! I will not let that happen!” He twisted away and sprinted off. “I will stop him!”

Only when he skidded to a stop by Kyouko at the doorway did he realise the implications of his impetuosity.

“Bing-bong-bang-bo!” sang Monobear. “There are two bastards under the mistletoe!”

“Right, right,” gabbled Kiyotaka, cheeks aflame and as red as his irises. Movements staggered, he cupped her chin with both hands before inching forward.

Kyouko grinned and kissed his cheek. She dodged around him and proceeded into the room, hair swishing.

“Yes.” Kiyotaka coughed. “I... I feel much closer because of that simple act! It is the first step to many things!” He raised a clenched fist. “Now without further diversions, I will go reprimand To-!”

“Yo,” greeted Mondo. “Uh... sorry I’m late. I couldn’t find one of my socks... then I remembered I gave it to Fujisaki to use as a stocking ‘cause my feet are bigger.”

Kiyotaka stared.

“Bing-bong-bang-bo!” said Monobear right in his ear. “There are two bastards under the mistletoe!”

***

Sayaka’s suspicions were correct. Byakuya had toured as much of the school as possible in search of mistletoe so he could plan future routes accordingly. A less haughty person in his position might have felt inclined to embrace the opportunity of finding someone like Sayaka under mistletoe, or at least accept the situation good-naturedly. But not him. Never him.

He ended his exploration at Touko’s door, leaning against the bit of wall beside it until Touko approached.

She stopped abruptly when she spotted him. “T-Togami-kun?”

Byakuya continued staring at the wall opposite him. “You’re Super High School Level Literary Girl?”

Touko fidgeted.

Several seconds passed.

“Or are you Super High School Level Mime?” he asked.

“Y-Yes!” She gave a full-body twitch. “I am. Literary Girl, I mean... T-That’s my field...”

“Then you should have something suitable for me to read,” he said, pushing off the wall behind him and turning toward her door. “If there is a library in this building, then it’s probably on one of the upper levels beyond the shutter gates. I’ve grown bored of all the material I brought with me.”

Again,