you. Just wanted to say that I’m glad Disney is branching out into mermen."

"Disney?" the merman asked in confusion as he tentatively lifted his head above water.

Alfred laughed; he was always amused when employees insisted on keeping in character. “Nevermind. It’s just nice to see a guy here. So... what's a cutie like you doing in a place like this?” he asked with a cheesy wink.

"I was searching for others of my kind," the merman replied softly, his breath making small ripples in the water.

"Yeah? You must be happy to have found a full lagoon!" Alfred joked, playing along with the merman’s backstory. It seemed as good a reason as any for the new addition, especially since the new employee had a sexy foreign accent.

The merman swam a little closer to Alfred and he looked even more amazing now that Alfred could see the way the green in his eyes perfectly matched his green tail. Both sparkled and shimmered in the sunlight. It was such a stunning costume that Alfred could almost believe he was talking to an actual merman. The handsome young merman leaned closer to whisper a secret. “These aren’t real mermaids,” he confessed.

Alfred laughed again. “Nope!”

"You knew that?” The merman gaped. “But if you know they aren’t real then why does everyone gather to gawk?”

"Dude, because Disneyland is all about making you believe in things that aren’t real."

The merman gave him a scandalized look. "You… you don’t believe in merfolk?"

“Are we still pretending that Disney isn’t real? Because if you’re going out of character I want your name and I’m totally going to give you my number.”

"My name is Arthur," the merman replied, "but I don't see how your 'number' could help me."

"Ooh, burn. You could have let me down a little easier, man!”

"Let you down where?" Arthur asked in confusion. "Please, everyone else has just ignored me. If you’re willing to help, could you tell me if there are other merfolk here?"

From his long experience with Disneyland, Alfred easily ticked off the places on his fingers. “Well, there’s the Little Mermaid, of course. And Pirates of the Caribbean has some mermaids, but they’re scary as shit. Technically, I think they're sirens.”

"Are they real?"

Alfred paused and frowned slightly. "Look, dude, you need to work on your training. I mean, your costume is fantastic, but you’re not gonna convince anyone you’re a merman if you keep bringing up this Disney stuff.”

"I am a merman!" Arthur insisted so fervently that Alfred almost believed him. 

He smiled and gave the new employee a thumbs-up sign. “There you go! Well, it’s been fun, but I’ve only got an hour left for rides. And you probably wanna do mermaid stuff like brush your hair or somethin'.”

"My hair is fine, you mouth-breathing biped!" With an annoyed look, Arthur used his tail to splash some water at Alfred. "And you're one to talk. You’re not swimming at all and you have that strange curl."

"Do you like it? I call it Nantucket," Alfred replied as he touched his gravity-defying cowlick. Changing his mind, he decided that flirting with the new employee was better than any of the rides. He didn't even mind getting a little wet if it gave him a front row seat to see the angry flush of Arthur's cheeks.

Arthur scoffed. "Don't be ridiculous. Nantucket is an island, not a piece of hair."

"Nah, it's a theme I have. You should see what I call Florida."

Arthur tilted his head to the side. "Are there merfolk there?"

"Nope, but it’s sure got plenty of seamen!" With as much as he was enjoying their flirty banter, Alfred wondered if it was worth trying to give the guy his number again. "So... you free after your shift ends to get dinner and a movie?"

"I would like to leave," Arthur admitted wistfully. He flexed his tail and gave Alfred a sad look. "But I'm trapped in this little pool. The fairies helped me get here and now I can’t find any to help me escape."

"Hey, I can help you! Some people call me a fairy."

"Really?" Arthur looked up at him with a beautiful smile and Alfred felt his heart go pitter-patter. Wow. There was definitely something there if the employee was willing to risk his job in order to run off with Alfred on a date. Listening carefully to the merman’s instructions, Alfred glanced around and bent down to lift Arthur out of the water when no one was watching. The tail felt so solid and real in his arms that he paused in