the whole night comforting Tsukki.Tsukki had mention what happened a while ago.His hand cradling the untouched coffee drink.His face was paler than usual,trace of tears visible on his cheek.

 

"Just give him some time.It looked like he's having a rough week,"Akaashi said while squeezing Tsukki's hand reassuringly.

 

He smiled bitterly back to Akaashi and nodded softly."I understand. But please don't tell Kuroo about this,"Akaashi had nodded and pulled Tsukki into another warm hug as another trail of fresh tears fell down.

 

The time after Kuroo's visited was filled with Akaashi taking care of Tsukki.He had only left to buy house stuff and food nearby.He had tried calling Kuroo but he never picked up.Bokuto had been sorry and kind enough to help when heard what had happen between Kuroo and Tsukki.He had tried speaking with Kuroo but he didn't seem to be listening at all.Kenma had heard of what happen from Akaashi and it spread to Kageyama and Daichi and soon almost everyone in the police division had heard of it.They known better than to spoke to Kuroo about that.So no one ever talked about it.Tsukki had not been better.He had not done much most of the time and spend most of his time reading and avoiding almost everyone who had come to visited him to looked after him.They all respected his decision not to tell Kuroo about the new presence in Tsukki's body.The night when Akaashi had went out to buy Tsukki his favorite cake,the door bell rang and Tsukki had been the one answering it as he thought it was Akaashi.But instead a few unknown alpha guy was standing in front of him.They looked menacing and Tsukki had closed the door but one of the guy had put his foot between the door.Tsukki eyes widen in fear as the door was pushed roughly which caused Tsukki to fell back on his bottom.He might looked tall but he didn't had much strength like those alpha who had stepped into his house and grabbed him with vice gripped. His mouth was covered with a clothes.His struggled was a futile attempt as his consciousness slowly leaving his body.He laid limped in their hands and they had dragged Tsukki out from the apartment, closing the door behind them before walking away like nothing had happened

 

A black van drove away from the parking lot,almost hitting Akaashi who had just walked out of his car.He stared suspiciously at the van.He never saw that van before.Something didn't seem right.Akaashi went to the elevator with the cake box in his other hand.He can imagine Tsukki's expression when he see  the cake.When arrived in front of the apartment he shared with Tsukki,he tried unlocking the door only to found it unlocked. That was weird.This was the second time Tsukki had left the door unlocked. He stepped into the apartments and realized that the television was still playing. Tsukki's nowhere in sight.

 

Maybe he's asleep.Akaashi thought sadly.

 

He stepped in quietly and off the television before walking toward the kitchen and stuff the cake into the refrigerator.Akaashi peeked into Tsukki room and saw him buried under the dino blanket.He sighed at the view before closing the door behind him.Unaware of the danger that had happened toward Tsukki.

There is no lie that will remain to be hidden forever.

I can't believe I just wrote that.This story is longer than expected.Everytime I wrote a new chapter,more idea strike me.


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

It was like any ordinary day for Sawamura Koushi but when he received a brown letter with Tsukki's name scribbled on the front, he wondered why the letter was sent to him instead of Tsukki.The inside has a few pieces of photo pinned on a folded paper.His eyes widen when he saw the symbol printed on the paper.He had seen that symbol on Daichi's report regarding a dangerous mafia roaming around Tokyo selling the government private information.The omega's hands tremble when he turned the pictures around. He was worried when Daichi, Kuroo and Kageyama were assigned to solve the case since they still haven't found any proof to catch them yet. .He had almost thought the pictures would be something threatening.When he saw the shade of blonde hair,he thought he would had faint if not for Ennoshita gripped on him soothingly and calmly guide him to the couches to sat down.The beta had saw the pictures too but he handle it better than Koushi who started cupping his mouth as he whimper.His breath seem to hitched as he stared at the pictures.Ennoshita gently took the picture away from Koushi's trembling hands and placed it on the coffee table.He turned Koushi around so that they are eyes to eyes.

 

"Koushi, calm down. Look at me. We will inform Daichi about this okay? Everything is going to be fine." Ennoshita said calmly, thought his heart was beating faster than normal that he knows that everything is not fine. 

 

Koushi's phone rang the same