sea cave. She looked just as beautiful as I remembered. 

The Galra looked afraid of the Mecha as she stepped on one, turning the water red around her front paw. I struggled and wiggled free from the Galra around me. "Blue!" I called out.

"If I can't make it to you, just go to the Yellow lion and get out of here!" I commanded. 

I felt the chill enter my body from her quintessence reacting with mine. I felt her purr in my head, questioning me. I shot a few more Galra before trying to make it to her. She opened her jaw and I swam in. 

"Alright, Blue!" I cheered. "Let's go home." I said as I sat in the pilots chair and it slid forwards, towards the controls.

We took off, leaving the Galra to scramble. 

"Uh, Lance! I need a little help!" Hunk said as I headed towards the surface. 

"Quiznak," I cursed as I buried through the waters surface and saw a Galra fleet trying to fight the Yellow Lion. I cursed again and reacted. I activated Blues ice beam and fired it at the ship. It frozen instantly. 

"Hunk, hit the portion that I just froze. Trust me!" I said. 

"Roger that!" He said as the lion head butted the ship where I froze. The metal shattered, following it by several explosions. 

"Let's go!" I said as I maneuvered the Blue Lion through the sky. Hunk followed but with his lion more heavily armored, he was slower. I checked and saw him falling behind. And it didn't help that the ship was still able to maneuver in the sky. 

"Shit!" Hunk said. "Lance!" 

I growled and went back. I went behind him and activated the thrusters and pushed Hunk. Once we were out of the planets atmosphere, I just gave him a good shove towards the wormhole. 

"Hunk, go! I'll follow!" I said, unbelieving of my own words as the Galra ship caught up to me. I knew that as soon as he past through that the wormhole might close, but I was willing to take that chance. 

"Okay!" He trusted me. I felt a pang of guilt as I felt the Galra's tractor beam start to pull me in. I fought it, but I didn't know if I was doing much. 

"See you soon, Hunk," I said as I turned off my communications. 

I knew that I wasn't going to make it. Let's just hope that I was able to see them before the Castle was taken.

I watched in horror as Blue and I entered the Galra ship and the hanger door closed. 

I'm sorry Marmora. 


 Halrai 43rd, 20,017



Dear Journal, 



Marmora went into a rut today. He actually told me to stay away from him since he didn't want to mark me yet.



So basically, a rut is to an Alpha what heat is to an Omega. I wanted to help him, but he said that he didn't want to hurt me since my body isn't exactly made the take an Alpha's knot.



But honestly, I can't wait to be with him. I... I love him. A lot.



And I want to be with him. 



             ~Prince Lance


Vetra is the seventh Havar.


 Vetra 10th, 20,017 



Dear Journal, 



Me and Marmora started the second part of the Courting Process. Meaning we talked to my father. Zarkon was there as well since he was the Black Paladin and this involved two of the other Paladins. 



Father was happy that I was finally settling down. He didn't like the fact that the Prince of Altea was going from girl to girl to guy with no end point in sight. But when we told him that Marmora wasn't just the man who was trying to court me, but also my mate, he was even more estatic.



Allura was also happy for me. She hadn't found a Suitor who would court her, but I hope that she will eventually.



I wished my mother were still here, she would be so proud to call Marmora her son.



May Drel be watching over her and I. 



             ~ Prince Lance 


I woke in a cell. It was dimly lit by violet light. I groaned and tried to sit up, but the pounding in my skull demanded my attention.

"Drel, what the Quiznak?" I said, reaching up towards the sore spot on the side of my head. But when I tried to lift one arm, the other was dragged up with it. I looked down and I was chained together.

"Frayll," I cursed.

"Oh good, you're awake," A familiar voice said. I shivered. 

Great I hit my head so hard I'm hallucinating. I turned towards the bars that kept me locked in and I saw my favorite set of purple eyes.

"Hey," I said. "What are you doing here?" I asked. He