go. The smell of fresh hay makes Rodney's sinuses curl up and protest and he can't hold back a very unsexy sneeze. It makes John giggle so hard that he falls over into a pile of hay, his erection bobbing a little with every hiccup of mirth.

"Yes, yes, very funny," Rodney mutters, getting rid of his restraining boxers. "Let's all ridicule the man with the allergies." Then he closes his eyes as Ronon's fist wraps around his dick, giving him a few long, slow strokes. "Oh, god yes."

Ronon is standing behind him, naked as the day he was born, his hard cock poking Rodney in the back. Rodney rubs lightly against it, satisfied when it draws a deep growling groan from Ronon's throat.

There's sunlight trickling in between the thin boards of the wall and the golden stripes fall over John's pale body where he's lying on his back in the hay, slowly running two fingers over the glistening head of his cock. "You look good like that," he breathes, eyes glazed over with lust.

"Feel like joining us?" Ronon asks, wrapping one long arm around Rodney's chest to play with his nipples.

"I'm fine here, thanks," John drawls lazily, raising his hips a little to thrust a few times into his own hand. He looks positively decadent, his long, lithe body stretched out on the hay. "Why don't you two come over here instead?"

"Do you have any idea how much hay itches? I have very sensitive skin, you know!" Rodney protests, but Ronon is already walking him towards the hay bale and it's not like he's going to back out on this. They all go down in a tangle of arms and legs and elbows in uncomfortable places.

"Oof," Ronon mutters. "You've got to get more meat on your bones, Sheppard."

"You calling me skinny?" John asks, cocking an eyebrow.

"Please, your ribs should be classified as lethal weapons," Rodney says. Somehow he's the one on his back now, the aforementioned ribs poking him in the side. The hay rustles every time he moves and it's scratchy but still curiously soft, and when John grins and leans over to suck him down, he forgets any discomfort he might have felt before.

Ronon sits back on his heals, watching. There are patches of sun playing over his bronzed muscles and he looks like he's trying to decide where to start. Then he throws his hair back over his shoulder and arranges John so that he's kneeling on all fours, ass in the air and mouth still sliding up and down over Rodney's cock. Rodney can't really see what's going on, but the loud moan vibrating in John's throat a little later tells him that Ronon must be using his tongue to open John up.

John isn't much of a talker, but he's very vocal in bed. Back in Atlantis, they sometimes have to gag him to keep him from making too much noise. It's not necessary here and John deserves this, to be allowed to moan and gasp and cry out his pleasure in that low raspy voice. Every twist of Ronon's tongue translates to John's, and Rodney just lies back and gets lost in it, watching John's shaggy head move up and down on the cock disappearing between his lips.

Eventually, Ronon comes up for breath, lips wet with saliva. "McKay, where's the slick?" he asks.

It's evil, Rodney knows it is, but he can't resist. "What, I was supposed to bring lube?" he says innocently.

Ronon's face freezes in a hilarious expression of desperation and disbelief and John's mouth pops off Rodney's cock. "Rodney?" he breathes, his voice taking on the same low dangerous tone he has when he interrogates Genii.

It would be funny to keep it up, but Rodney is also very much aware of John's proximity to his private parts so he rolls his eyes. "What do you think I am, stupid? It's in my left vest pocket."

With an almost audible sigh of relief, Ronon gets up to retrieve the lube. John glares at Rodney and returns to what he was doing, using a little more teeth than necessary.

It shouldn't be so hot, Rodney thinks. He should be worrying about bugs in the hay and about how much he's going to be itching tomorrow. But Pegasus has taught him a thing or two about life. Sometimes you have to just stop worrying about the next impending catastrophe and enjoy the moment. Anything else is a sure way of going crazy.

Ronon is soon back on his knees, using fingers now where his tongue had been a moment ago. John pushes back against him, eager and unashamed, wordlessly begging for more and deeper.

"A little impatient, are we?"