'll clean up when he gets one.

satisfied, they lie in amiable silence, both of them happy to just wait for their pulses to even out. zayn snuggles closer into louis' side, under his shoulder so louis wraps his arm around him. it's perfect, he thinks, and he never wants to leave this bed.

louis moves first, eventually getting up to grab something to clean them up. zayn should really get up too, hop in the shower and make sure he won't leak on louis and eleanor's bed. but he doesn't, just lays there and lets louis come back and softly wipe up the come from his chest with a damp cloth, kissing his cheekbone as he goes. he hops back into bed a moment later, pack of cigs in his hand, and offers it to zayn.

"you know, i was thinking."

zayn takes one of the cigarettes, puts it between his lips to wait. louis copies his movements, but grabs the lighter from his bedside table to light them up. "that can't be good." he replies, a bit belatedly.

"very funny," louis says, dryly. "well, i mean, i know how you and eleanor have gotten a bit closer. yeah? that's new."

zayn doesn't reply right away. he puts the cigarette to his lips, let's louis light it before he even begins to think of responding. a barely audible voice in his head whispers for him to be careful.

so he just shrugs a bit. it's non-committal; doesn't want to express his ever growing affection for the man's girlfriend, doesn't want to risk what they have for anything.

“i’m not accusing you of anything,” louis assures him, and he’s bouncing his knee impatiently. still hasn’t lit his own cig, just let the box fall to the side. “i think it’s great. always wanted us to be closer.”

zayn snorts at that. “closer? you already got us both in bed. don’t think we could get closer.”

“well, we’re not all in bed, are we?”

zayn pauses. brings the cigarette away from his face, blowing smoke out towards the ceiling before tilting his head to his boyfriend. “what, like the three of us? together?”

“just a thought.” louis says in a sing-song voice, and he grabs the cigarette from his hand, taking a drag. zayn lets him, watches him as he does it, back muscles working as he twists above him. louis’ jawline is littered with stubble, his hair fluffy and wild. zayn wonders, for perhaps the millionth time, how he was lucky enough to get him.

to get him, and to now have him asking him for a threesome with his beautiful girlfriend, if zayn’s not reading this wrong. he doesn’t see what else louis could possibly be meaning by all of this, but he’s been wrong before and he’s leaving room for interpretation in matters this serious.

“i like her, you know.” he admits, after a moment. he glances at louis, to see what his reaction might be. “i really like her.”

"yeah, she’s alright, isn’t she?” louis agrees lightly, but he’s looking at him too, eyes dark and considering.

“i wouldn’t ever, i mean i couldn’t if you didn’t want us to, you know? i wouldn’t do that to you, and if you tell me to fuck off right now i swear i will. i don’t know if you were joking before, but i mean. i’d want to. if she wanted to.” zayn takes a deep breath, the words spilling out of his mouth before he can stop them, and he takes a drag right after in case he says anything more.

louis’ still just watching, an amused expression all too clear. “if i told you that she wanted to,” he says simply. “what would you do about it?”

zayn doesn’t look away from louis when he replies. “i’d ask you.”

the older man laughs, joyful. “ask me what, for permission? i don’t own you. certainly don’t own eleanor, either. i love her, and i love you, and if you two getting together makes you happy, who am i to judge? especially if there’s a possibility of the three of us, one day.”

"you’d really be okay with it?” zayn asks, doubtfully.

“i really would.” louis’ still grinning, but it’s turned soft again. “think you two need a bit of time to yourselves. figure it all out. i’ll still be here either way.”

seemingly done with the conversation, louis leans in one final time, presses a quick peck to zayn’s cheek, then