thunk in the back of the head.

“No mothers,” he says, mild. “Hold your fire. Anyways, it’s good soup. Let’s take it upstairs. My damn fingers are about to freeze off.”

“Your ma’s a busybody and so are you,” Steve bites, but clamps his mouth shut when Bucky raises his hand to hit him again and goes to open the door. The Rogers’ place is on the third floor, and Bucky’s carrying everything still, because Steve won’t acknowledge there’s anything to carry.

“Steven?” Sarah calls softly from the bedroom at the sound of the opening door, and Steve glowers at Bucky because she’s meant to be asleep.

“Yes, Ma,” he says. “Buck’s here.”

“James,” Sarah says warmly. “Come see me, a leanbh, I’m not catching.”

Bucky hands the thermoses to Steve, who goes to carry them to their tiny kitchen. Bucky leaves the book strap on the chair.

Bucky goes and sits carefully on the edge of Sarah’s little bed, letting her hold his hand in both of hers. Sarah’s touch is clammy and a little cool, but Bucky doesn’t react to that, he gives her back the smile she’s beaming at him with every tooth in his head- even the front two that stick out and make him shy to part his lips for anybody. He can feel Steve coming back from the kitchen and glaring daggers into his back, but he ignores it.

“You’re beautiful as ever. You sure you’re sick?” he asks her. “You ain’t ducking Stevie for some extra sleep?”

She laughs and the daggers get sharper and slice to his bones.

“Save your charms for a girl gone to market, James Buchanan,” Sarah retorts, giving his fingers a squeeze. “How is it you’ve no ducklings today? Did the matron grant you a reprieve?”

“I tied ‘em to the hydrant outside,” Bucky lies, easy, grinning.  “Didn’t figure you had room for Dorothy, the Wogglebug and Button Bright in your hair.”

“Indeed I don’t,” Sarah says, pretending to be prim and touching her hair. “Steven’s braided it up for me, I look like a princess, if I must say so myself.”

“You’re gonna have to say it yourself, ma’am, on account of how I ain’t got any manners,” Bucky says, and Sarah laughs so hard she almost coughs and Steve’s eyes are flensing the skin from Bucky’s bones.

“Come sit with us, Steven,” Sarah calls, patting the other side of the bed, and Steve sighs and comes, the strap full of books landing by Sarah’s hip.

“What has our book wagon brought us today?” Sarah asks, and Steve undoes the clamps to sort the covers out.

“Mostly science fiction,” Steve says, and Sarah makes a soft, excited sound.

“I wish I’d had the money to bring over some of my old books when I came,” Sarah sighs. “You’d have loved George Griffith, James.”

“Yeah?” Bucky’s intrigued. “Why ain’t we got him here?”

“Politics, likely,” Sarah says, coy, and Bucky wrinkles up his nose because she doesn’t ever explain, when she says that. “The Steam Man of the Prairies,” she reads. “James, this book is older than I am.”

“Don’t look a gift book wagon in the mouth,” Bucky says, and Steve snorts. “Anyway, it’s by that Ellis fella you hate so much, see? Figured you and Stevie would have a lot of fun picking it to pieces.”

Sarah smiles at Steve. “We do sort of burn brighter when our collars get hot, don’t we, Steven?”

Steve sighs. “Yes, Ma.”

“Did I see you with those thermoses, earlier?” she asks him, then peers at Bucky. “What’s your mother tasked you with, now?”

“Soup,” Bucky says. “Chicken in the color one and tomato in the silver. Wanted to come over and fuss in person, but I talked her out of it, mostly because I didn’t want her dragging Jackie out in this weather.”

Sarah looks at Steve, who looks back at her with visible exasperation and they both sigh. Sarah squeezes Bucky’s hand and Steve glances away.

“It’s very sweet of you all to worry,” she says, “But I do wish she wouldn’t do so much. Will you tell her that, please?”

“I’ll try,” Bucky says, visibly uncomfortable, “But you know I can’t tell my ma what to do any more than Stevie can tell you.”

Sarah laughs softly. “I know that, and I know you’ll try. You’re a good boy, James Buchanan.