trousers as I trace the edge of the waistband. His belt takes longer than anything logically should to get unfastened. Even when it is undone, it takes me a minute of fiddling before I manage to undo the buttons that hold his slacks closed. Clothing loosened, I push his trousers and the shorts beneath them down his slender hips. My fingertips glide back along the smooth skin of his thighs as I trace the lines of body until I wrap my hand around his arousal.

Pressing my fingers closer together, I pull his length through my hand. The sharp breath against my lips is the only reaction that he gives me. He leans into the touch as I repeat the motion once more, giving him a little more pressure. As I push my hand to the base of his organ, he pulls his hips back and thrusts into the damp circle of my fingers. Pulling back slightly from me, he runs his long tongue over his lips to moisten them. Slowly, he thrusts back into my hand. The expression on his face as he pushes into my hold is one of pure delight. He is enjoying this to the fullest.

The next push of his hips is more forceful than I expected, rubbing his solid length up against my stomach. The hand that I have on his backside tightens, urging him closer. The heat from his arousal presses against my own even through my fingers, drawing a murmur of pleasure from my lips. Hearing that involuntary admission of enjoyment leave my lips, Sebastian smirks. "Young master, if this is your way of putting me in my place, please do so more often."

As soon as the words leave his lips, I pull my hands away from him and change our positions. In the blink of an eye, his face and chest are pressed into the thick covers on top of my bed. I am behind him, pressing up against his body as I force him down onto his hands and knees. My arousal is pressed smoothly against the curve of his backside. His frame is pressed solidly up against my own, touching every single line of my body. Against me, Sebastian's body is as hot as fire.

I really did not intend to take things this far. Never had I suspected that he and I would wind up in such a compromising position in my old quarters. Even so, there is no denying that I want this. I want him. The scent of his hair beneath me, the taste of his skin and the light sounds of his breaths are intoxicating to me. This is what it feels like to truly desire another person. That thought is only heightened by the frightening realization that it is not just a sexual urge that drives me to enjoy being like this with him. I am enjoying this on an emotional level, so much so that I am actually smiling. Sebastian and I are no longer as strangers, as we have been for the past two months. No longer are we simply master and servant, either. He has long been more to me than just that.

The realization that I may actually care about him is both sudden and unwanted. I push the thought out of my mind so quickly that the world spins. Beneath me, the sound of Sebastian's breath draws my thoughts. My lips are at his shoulder, my teeth grazing his flawless skin. He is panting. Honestly panting. There is no exertion in the sound, but even I can hear the edge of excitement that colors every inhalation. His eyes are no longer the familiar, harmless cherry wood brown that I have become accustomed to seeing in our daily activities. They glow red with a carnal heat. He truly wants this every bit as much as I do. I deliver a sharp bite to the nape of his neck, feeling him arch into me. "A butler should never presume to tell his master what to do, Sebastian."

"Yes, my lord," Sebastian purrs. At the sound of those familiar words, there is no doubt in my mind that I know what I am about to do. I will have him. I will take him, because that is what I want.

My hand on his side glides up and over the skin of his back. I brush the hair out of his face, wanting to see him more clearly, before I brush the tips of three of fingers across his lips. Immediately, his tongue snakes out of his mouth to lick at my fingertips. He sucks the digits into his mouth. Even while slicking my fingers, Sebastian is enjoying this more than he probably should. Those tempting lips around my fingers are a teasing reminder of his earlier actions as he presses his tongue in-between them. When I pull the fingers away, he nips at them.

I rub my arousal into his backside once more before pulling away. Moving back, I press one of my saliva-slick fingers into him. Sebastian lets out a quiet groan as I begin to move the digit. When a second is added, his back arches up against me. His hips press into my touch, encouraging me as I work my fingers inside of him