.” Kristi Jo smirked at Maya.



“Uh, I don’t do dish anymore. I’m only supposed to be called in if a barista doesn’t show.” Maya crossed her arms.



“Well, I’m the assistant manager, and I’m telling you that you’re on dish tonight. Now get to it.” She smirked and turned back to what she had been working on.



“Are you punishing me because I’m dating Luke?” Maya rolled her eyes.



“He’ll leave you soon, so I don’t have to worry about it. He could never actually like you.” Kristi Jo laughed. “And, Maya, please tuck your shirt in. We wouldn’t want you to get written up for violating the dress code.”



“You should tuck your shirt in, then. Or tell the other 7 people without their shirts tucked in to respect the dress code.” Maya rolled her eyes and walked to the back where the dishwasher was.



***



Luke walked into the frat house after he had finished his extra practice. He walked up to his room, which he shared with Ashton, and set his bag on his bed. “Heard you were fraternizing with Maya on the ice today.” Ashton said, not looking up from his textbook.



“I was just teaching her how to shoot.” Luke shrugged.



“You seem to be taking this bet much more seriously than we thought you would.”



“I honestly forgot it was a bet..” Luke sighed and sat on the edge of his bed. “She’s just so important to me and I want to be with her for real, not for a bet. I want out of the bet.”



“You really love her, don’t you?” Ashton closed his philosophy book and looked at Luke. “I can tell you do.”



“I love her more than anything.” Luke looked down at his lap. “She’s the most important thing in my life.” He sighed.



“Okay, I’ll help you.”



“What?”



“I’ll help you get out of the bet.”



Maya had been watching Luke’s practices for 2 weeks now. She was entertained by the idea of a bossy Luke. She walked down to the sidelines after the rest of the boys had gone to the locker room. “You look sexy when you shove your friends into the walls.” Maya giggled and pecked Luke’s lips.



“You look sexy when you sit in the bleachers to watch me shove my friends into the walls.” Luke grinned and kissed her deeply. “We going back to yours to study after this?” Luke asked, taking his gloves off and throwing them to his bag.



“Yeah, I got more snacks for us today.”



“Did you get the cheesy bugles?” Luke held her waist and looked down at her.



“You know I did,” she giggled, pressing her lips to Luke’s. “You’re too tall to kiss when you’re not wearing skates, but it’s even harder when you are wearing skates. You’re like 7 feet tall.”



“You’re just short.” Luke laughed, kissing her cheek. He sat on the bench and took his skates off. Luke watched as the rest of the team exited the locker room.



“See you at home, Luke.” Ashton smiled at him and waved to Maya. Maya waved back and smiled softly. The team left the arena and Maya smiled at Luke.



“You know, Ashton is my favorite of all your friends.” Maya giggled, cupping Luke’s cheek.



“You’re my favorite of all my friends.” Luke grinned and pulled Maya down to kiss her. She giggled and rubbed his cheek.



“Come on, you need to get showered. Let’s go.” Maya held Luke’s hand and followed him back into the locker room. Luke pulled off his jersey and began untying his pants.



“I could use some help.” Luke smirked down at Maya, causing her to blush. She giggled softly and helped Luke take off his padding and guards.



“Okay, go shower.” Maya pushed Luke toward the showers.



“What? I’m not going without you.” Luke smirked and pulled Maya’s shirt off.



“What if someone comes in?” Maya breathed deeply as Luke removed her bra.



“No one’s gonna come in, we’re alone here.” Luke kissed her deeply and pushed her leggings down.



“You better hope no one does.” She mumbled against his lips and kicked her leggings off, followed by her thong. Luke lifted her up by her thighs and held her legs around his waist. He walked them both over to the showers and turned the water on. “Fuck, Lu, that’s really cold.” Maya whined and wrapped her arms around Luke’s head. Luke laughed and turned the knob to the left to make the water warmer.



“Okay, we’ve got two options here. You can wash my hair while I fuck you senseless, or