I'd g-give my life to stop something from happening to you. That's all I could think of when it happened. I knew what I would have done."

And Gil knew what Paul had done -- dragged Gil out of there when he'd been disoriented, made sure the lab was safe. If Gil had been in Greg's position, what Paul might have done ranged all the way out to telling Covallo and the Sheriff to go fuck themselves. Gil squeezed his fingers back, watching Paul. "You didn't have to do anything, because it wasn't that serious."

"Not this time. You can't protect me from my own thoughts, Gil," Paul said softly.

"I can still make an attempt," Gil offered. Paul was still toying with his fork with his other hand. "We can clean this up later, Paul. Why don't we..."

Paul nodded. "As long as you're finished?" he asked softly.

"I'm finished. The only thing I want right now is you." He gave a gentle tug with his hand, waiting for Paul to move.

"I see my cunning plan worked?" Paul got up easily, following that tugging movement. "I want you to tell me what you most want... because I want to show you what I can't say in words."

"What I most want...?" Gil had to puzzle over that for a moment, even as he headed towards the back of the house with Paul in tow. "Where to start."

"Anything," Paul pushed. "Anything at all. Take advantage of my strange reactions." He smiled again. "I'm being serious though."

But he didn't want to take advantage of any sense of vulnerability Paul had, and Gil didn't particularly want to stretch beyond what he and Paul were used to doing. "Mmm, but I'm still at a loss for what kind of anything to ask for. Tying you up is fun, but not what I'm in the mood for. Something slow."

"Then let me make love to every bit of you," Paul replied as they headed to the bedroom. "I can do that forever."

"Long enough to call in sick to work tomorrow?" Gil teased, voice falling low. He knew the way well enough not to trip over anything, and it gave him the license to pull Paul closer to him. It gave him the license to start unbuttoning Paul's shirt.

"The temptation is there, but..." Paul leaned forward and kissed him gently. "I thought I might drop in and see Greg before I made it to the lab. I'm his boss, and his family isn't here."

"I think he'd appreciate that." Hell, maybe Paul was finally starting to warm up to Greg a little. Gil couldn't be sure, and he wasn't going to think about it too hard, because kisses were warmly distracting. Just for a few minutes, just for a few hours, Gil wanted not to think about anything but him and Paul and touch.

"Come and lie down," Paul whispered. His long fingers, so skilled at drawing out the faces of the dead from clay and molding, were equally skilled at drawing desire from skin and removing clothes.

Gil always caught himself almost struggling to get Paul undressed, because somewhere in the midst of it, it would strike him that he was shirtless with his pants open and that Paul was almost finished with him, touches so easy and natural, guiding his motions. "My pleasure."

"You are so... beautiful," Paul murmured. It wasn't a word Gil ever thought of himself as being in any shape or form. But Paul's lips on his skin made it a truth even if it was one that existed only between the two of them.

Because it did exist between the two of them. Gil stretched back on their bed, while Paul pulled at his pants. He was still trying to get Paul's belt undone, kisses to his face and then his neck, distracting enough to make his fingers shake.

When he concentrated, he could feel the shape of words mouthed against his skin, blended from kisses back to words again. Two words and sometimes he felt he could hear the silent words through his skin but maybe that was just wishful thinking.

One thing was clear and that was the need. Perhaps he had underestimated the effect his near miss had on Paul.

He shouldn't have. Paul had confided to him that while the change of physical gender representation from female to male had been best for him, he hadn't ever expected to luck into any kind of relationship. Gil didn't even have that excuse for his poor track record up until Paul had happened, so it had been easy to soothe Paul's faint worries at the time.

But that didn't mean that they were gone. "I do, I will... anything..." He let his hand drift to Paul