Dio.”

“I know right! But not only that, I am pretty sure the kid has a crush on me.”

Then Jotaro recalled all the questions Kakyoin had asked about Dio, calling him handsome and whatnot. Maybe…

“We’ll see.” Jotaro simply replied before shutting off his phone.

I swear, this whole story is just one big fucking meme.

I'm still a bit busy with exams, and chapters will be coming out a bit more slow paced. But here is a new chapter!i hope you enjoy~


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

Kakyoin was fiddling a bit with the bruises that had appeared on his body, when a small knock sounded from the door. Kakyoin rapidly turned his head towards the door; and there stood Lord Dio himself, leaning casually against the doorframe.

“How do you feel Kakyoin?” Dio asked as he calmly made his way over.

Kakyoin, who was seated at the edge of the bed started to mentally panic. Should he say something? What should he even say? How was he feeling? Kakyoin didn’t know what to do.

All Kakyoin really wanted to do was run away, but soon enough Dio stood before him.

Dio smiled at Kakyoin with a pleased expression. Kakyoin was a shivering mess, his hair was messy and he had bruises all over.

Dio sat down on the bed behind Kakyoin and wrapped his hands around the shivering boy. Dio was close, closer than he had been during sex; Kakyoin could feel the cold skin of Dio’s naked upper body touching his back, and though the skin was cold, Kakyoin felt like he was being burnt alive.

Then Dio placed his chin on Kakyoin’s left shoulder and said: “You taste amazing Kakyoin. Can I have some more of you tomorrow?”  Dio asked as placed kisses on the neck of the redhead. Kakyoin, unknowingly, leaned his head, hereby exposing more of his neck for Lord Dio.

Kakyoin moaned at the sensation of those lips placing tender kisses on the neck where he had earlier sunk his teeth into.

“What do you say? “ Dio asked seductively.

“Yees” Kakyoin replied with closed eyes.

Unbeknownst to Kakyoin, Dio smirked widely at this answer.

Dio then let go of the Kakyoin and crawled further up the bed, “Sleep with me Kakyoin.”

Kakyoin, held prisoner by those cold amber eyes, nodded silently before he crawled into Dio’s cold arms and fell asleep.

~

The next morning Kakyoin woke up to the sound of Terrance’s voice.

“Lord Kakyoin.” The butler would repeat as Kakyoin tossed and turned in the bed.

“Uuugh, don’t call me Lord Kakyoin Terrance.”

“As you wish.” Terrance said before he began calling Kakyoin’s name again.

Then Kakyoin finally rubbed his eyes and the butler’s face appeared before him.

“Kakyoin, don’t you have school today?” Terrance asked.

“Wha?” Kakyoin asked through his morning dizziness, then Kakyoin understood what the butler was really saying and several realizations came crashing down mercilessly upon Kakyoin, making his eyes widen and mouth fall open.

This was Wednesday, a school day. Kakyoin hadn’t made any of his homework and who even knew what time of the day it was within this dark candle lit bedroom.

“What time is it Terrance??!” Kakyoin asked desperately, his perfect attendance score was in danger after all. 

“It is 07:00 AM.” Terrance replied calmly. Kakyoin visibly relaxed at this. “I presumed your schedule would be much the same as Lord Jotaro’s, so I settled for waking you now; is there a problem?”

Kakyoin laughed a little at the announcement. Kakyoin was being treated the same as when Jotaro came over. For some reason; this made him a little proud of himself. Who would have thought that the smart and proper Kakyoin Noriaki would have lost his virginity to a rich and handsome sex God on a Tuesday, where he normally would have been slaving over boring math problems.
Kakyoin felt so…. Cool.

“Terrance, do you have any cigarettes?” Kakyoin asked.

Terrance raised an eyebrow at this. “I didn’t know you were a smoker.” Terrance replied as he took out a pack and a lighter.

Me neither Kakyoin thought to himself.

Then he placed the cigarette between his lips and held it just like he knew Jotaro held them, before he lit the stick and inhaled only to instantly start choking.

Terrance handed him a glass of water almost as if he had expected this to happen.

“Ugh, screw that.” Kakyoin announced once he was able to breathe again.

“Indeed, you aren’t that cool Kakyoin.” Terrance replied as he smiled in amusement.

Kakyoin lit up at this, ignoring the fact that Terrance had essentially insulted him right there, Terrance seemed to treat him less like a guest and more like the friend/rival he had made over a match of intense Mario kart.

“You’re a strange one, smiling when I just called you uncool.” Terrance said again.

“I’m definitely not strange