. And clearly he was pushing Mika’s as well.

He reached over for a towel and wiped the sweat and water from his face. Just as he was carelessly throwing the towel back where he got it from, another thing Mika was yelling at him for, he noticed the small print on his inner wrist.

Yuu’s blood ran cold as he realized what the tattoo entailed.

Those were the last words his soulmate would say to him. Two words were exactly the ones Mika said before he left.


“Goodbye Yuu-chan.”


Yuu always thought the nickname Mika gave him was stupid. Until he learned to read the words that belonged to his soulmate. From a very young age, they knew they were soulmates. They wanted to defy fate, Yuu wanted to defy fate, but he felt himself more and more drawn to Mika as they grew up. Until the point where he could not deny his feelings or love for the blond.

That was when his world came crashing down on him. He couldn’t afford to lose Mika.

They were having problems here and there, but it was nothing they couldn’t overcome. He practically knew Mika all his life. Yuu couldn’t even begin to imagine a world without the love of his life, his soulmate.

In full panic mode, he rushed out of the bathroom. He frantically goes on a search to find his phone, which was sitting on his desk. He immediately clicked on Mika’s name and waited for his call to go through. But Yuu could hear the sound of a familiar ringtone coming from their shared bedroom. Upon further investigation, the blond left his phone in the house and practically no way to contact him.

But that doesn’t stop Yuu. He took to the car and searched everywhere for Mika. He stopped by at spots Mika frequently visited and dropped by their friends’ houses to see if any of them had seen or heard from the blond, but he had no luck each time.

Just as he drove his car by Mika’s adoptive parents’ house, guilt starts to overtake him. He remembered the day he promised to them that he would make Mika the happiest person on the planet. And he wanted to because the blond deserved all the happiness in the world and yet he was the same person that hurt Mika.

Seeing that he hadn’t been so luckily, he decided to take a chance as he had not been so lucky.

But his luck finally changed when Ferid, Mika’s adoptive father, answered the door and took him that Mika was indeed there with him. He was also thankful that it was Ferid instead of Krul.

Krul Tepes was a strong and powerful woman. Yuu seen how she handled Ferid and practically had him wrapped around her finger with minimal effort. Yuu started to see the connection between his husband and mother-in-law.

“Remember, Krul returns tomorrow. If you don’t manage to patch things up with Mika-kun, you can forget about ever getting him back,” Ferid gently reminded before leaving Yuu to do his thing.

Yuu always thought Ferid was kind of creepy as a kid. But he was more thankful for how laidback the man was the older he got. However, giving him condoms and lube the first time he slept over since the two of them got together was not exactly what he imagined the man doing.

“Mika?” Yuu called out as he opened the door to his husband’s room. Even after Mika moved out, Krul and Ferid kept Mika’s room for when the two visited. It was useful that one time Yuu and Krul got drunk at their Christmas dinner. Mika was not confident he could get the two of them safely back home when Yuu kept trying to sweet talk him.

But he was only greeted by shuffling under the large covers on the bed, indicating that Mika was indeed in the room. He closed the door behind him before approaching the hidden blond.

“Mika, I’m really sorry,” Yuu said as he sat down on the large bed. But he could see Mika’s figure shuffle away from him. At least he was awake. “I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that. I didn’t even mean half the things I said. I was getting worked up and then took it all out on you. You didn’t deserve any of that. I’m so sorry.”

There was still no response. Instead, Yuu shuffled even closer, knowing that Mika had nowhere to go as he was already at the edge of the bed.

“Do you remember the tattoo on my wrist? When I saw it, I was about to have a heart attack. I thought I lost you. Mika, oh god, I-I don’t know what I would do if-if you were gone from my life. I never realized how important you were to me until… I’m sorry… Please forgive me, I love you so much,” Yuu said through tears. His vision started to blur with the tears building up but he still saw no