and perching his mug on his knees. He really looked adorable, hair messy from hours of running his fingers through it while thinking things over, he was still wearing his sweatpants and one of the many shirts he had stolen from me, this particular one having my red ‘S’ on it.

“I don’t have time to sleep, B has me writing reports for every little thing the team does. And on top of that I’m helping Jason out with a bit of research and Dick has me keeping tabs on a few factories that seem suspicious.” He sighed again, using his free hand to push his bangs back in a way that made my heart skip. Shit I need to ask “Y’okay?” He mumbled around his coffee mug, glancing up at me with his gentle blue eyes.

“Oh uh, yeah.” I suddenly felt too big for my skin, the room feeling too warm and like there were a million sets of eyes on me. I tugged at the bottom of my shirt trying my best not to let my features show how nervous I was. My heart was fluttering and my gut twisting, his eyes were boring into me and I couldn’t seem to escape his gaze. “I-I just wanted to ask you somethin’.” He lowered his mug and looked at me with an intrigued look. He was urging me to go on and finish my thought, but every fiber in my being was telling me to shut my mouth and come up with some bullshit question instead.

“Kon you know you can ask me anything, right?” He asked when I didn’t further my conversation. I rubbed at the back of my neck out of habit and sighed, shifting my weight to the other foot.

“Yeah I know, it’s just kinda’ weird I guess.” He leaned back and smirked at me, “Don’t tell me Clark never gave you the talk. I mean B gave it to me bu-”

“Holy sh- No! It’s not like that!” My face was bright red and I could hear the blood pounding in my ears.

“Dude I was just kidding, but I mean if you ever have qu-”

“I don’t, I- I just don’t.” At this point he was smiling ear to ear, his mug still clutched in his hands and his legs crossed.

“I mean I’m pretty knowledgable, because you know Kon; when a man and a woman, or even a man and a man or a-”

“I wanted to see if you wanted to go to my prom with me!” I blurted out in an embarrassed fit just to get him to stop talking. The room became uncomfortably quiet and I could hear his heartbeat quicken but I couldn’t tell if that was a good thing or not. In my experiences, it wasn’t.

“Like in Smallville?” His voice cut the silence like a knife and even though he spoke in a quieter voice, to me it sounded like he was yelling.

“Y-yeah.” My gut was twisting and I had to fight the urge to quickly leave this room in anyway possible. Even if I needed to punch a hole in the wall and fly down to the city below, I would have in a heartbeat. But rather, I just stood there totally vulnerable after just kind of confessing my feelings to my best friend.

“Is that even okay there? I mean like small towns tend to be a little more close minded, don’t they?”

“I don’t really know, there’s two girls that are always holding hands and stuff and they seem okay so I kinda thought it was worth a shot...You don’t have to say yes or anything, I totally get it. It would be weird and stuff, us being best friends and all…” I couldn’t seem to make myself stop talking, the words just kept falling out before I could so much as think them. I unconsciously took a step back, distancing myself from the impending rejection that I could feel welling between us. “I’m actually just gonna…” I turned away from him, looking at my feet and balling my hands into fists.

“I didn’t say no.” Wait what? “I was just processing it.” I didn’t turn around, worried that if I so much as took a breath he would snap out of whatever daze he’s clearly in. There’s no way Tim Drake, the third Robin, true heir to the Wayne empire and Red Robin was actually saying yes to going to a small town prom with another guy. Let alone his best friend. No way.

“You don’t have to say anything.”

“I’m not saying this because I think I have to.” I could hear the shuffling of clothing moving against the fabric of his chair, and the mug gently being placed on his desk before the light padding of bare feet on the hardwood floor. I squeezed my eyes shut, sure that I’m somehow imagining this or