haired setter only put his feet in the water before revolting back, "It's pretty nice?!" 

"The lake is usually a bit colder, come on, just jump in and we will swim over to the docks!" Hinata was unusually preppy about swimming, it made him shift uncomfortably a bit. 

"All the way over there?! No wonder you have been getting more fit lately." Kageyama yelled, his feet now wet and cold. 

As if he couldn't get more freezing, a breeze that would usually feel nice started blowing.

Hinata swam, he walked, to the boat docks. Surprisingly the smaller teen was able to match his walking pace. "What the hell? How is he so fast?"

Once they were there, the setter refused to get in and Hinata was floating on his back and giving a relaxing 'ah'.

Kageyama sighed, going to the side, an evil smile crossing his face as he held his breathe and jumped in right beside Hinata. 

Which he immediately regretted. 

Teeth chattering when he climbed onto the dock, and arms wrapped around himself for warmth. 

"Kags, the water is warmer, you know." Hinata smiled, pulling the raven haired teen back in. 

Well he was not wrong about the water being warmer. 

Hinata with his hair down though, it took Kageyama a minute to recognize him. His hair was usually so floofy and spikey, but now it was soaked and sticking to his face.

He actually looked 


Really.



Fucking.



 Cute. 


The setter would have blushed if he wasn't so cold, and he could still feel the immense heat flying to his face while Hinata just stared with a confused look, "What?" 

This. dense. motherfluffer.

 "Nothing, let's just get back on the docks so my arms don't get too tired from treading." The teen hurriedly pushed himself on the docks, while Hinata attempted to. 

"Hey, uh, Kageyama?" He shoved himself half way onto the dock, flopping over in defeat, "Mind helping me out a bit?" 

"You can't get on the dock?" 

"It's difficult, s-shut up!" Shouyou stammered, balancing on his elbow as he continued to try to get up. 

He really did need help. 

Another long sigh, "Dumbass." His mouth twitched upwards, but it didn't go too far.

Kageyama offered his hand, Hinata taking it but instead of trying to pull himself up, the poor middle blocker was pulled a little too much and found himself flying.

And they fell on each other, faces mere inches away from each other, anyone could see the tomatoes they became. "s-SORRY!" Tobio quickly apologized before throwing Hinata into the water. 

So much for the help.

Sputtering up water, Shouyou managed to get himself on the dock after a minute or two, laying there in defeat and still coughing with a burning nose. Luckily nothing too bad.

"Hey, you two ready?" 

Kageyama sat up quickly, shoving his head in the water like an ostrich, both of the parent like third years looked at one of their many crow children worriedly, then back at the water filled Hinata.

"So... uh... what happened?" Suga said slowly, still glancing back and forth between the two.

"Kageyama tried to help me up but it didn't go well," He coughed up more water as he sat up, "It's fine though, we'll be a-okay, just give us a second and go on the boat." 

The boat was Shouyou's favorite part, it was the reason they went in the first place. 

What happened over here? Koushi bit his finger, his other hand on his hip, "Well, Daichi?" He said in a high tone, which just urged them to move.

Kageyama came back from his sudden pose, coughing up water also.

They both were.

Greeeat.

Just how they wanted to start their trip.

After a few minutes, the two idiots gathered at the edge of the dock, sitting in silence for at short time, Hinata was the first to break it.

"Why did you throw me in the water, my nose is still burning!" He pouted, Kageyama only looked at him before turning away,  "Reasons. I don't know. " 

The water lightly splashed up against their legs, another pause. 

"Are you ready, now?" Daichi and Suga interrupted, the two dense motherfluffers looked at each other, shrugging and jumping up to the boat. Of course Hinata led because he knew the exact boat.

"So, do both of you want to tube, one of you first, or should we start with just the boat?" Sawamura asked when he reached the boat, noticing how Hinata and Kageyama were already on the tube in life jackets and in a position where they were side by side. In the position they were in, one of their hips was under the others, so they were constantly shifting to make themselves comfortable being on top.

He chuckled, "I already see you decision, thumbs up for faster