he catapulted off of the building and leapt nimbly on top of the bakery where Marinette’s family resided.

“Dear god.”

Adrien, or rather, Chat Noir, carefully balanced on the outer wall of her balcony, peering over to make sure that she hadn’t noticed him and wasn’t calling the police.

Nope. She was still angrily brushing out a particularly stubborn tangle in her hair.

Perfect.

Adrien pulled himself up silently, not wanting to scare her in any way, until he was seated on top of the balcony comfortably. He then pulled his staff out and laid it beside him, wanting to seem as casual and non-threatening as possible. Marinette groaned out something and threw a toothbrush at her mirror.

Adorable. He could feel himself melting a little bit until he snapped himself out of his daze and stood up off of the balcony, tip-toeing closer to the window that he could clearly view her from.

When he was certain he was in a position she’d be able to see him in, he leaned his elbow on the window sill casually, thankful she was all-too focused on her hairbrush (which was currently stuck in her hair) and too busy to notice him taking his sweet time finding a stance that would look provocative and casual at the same time.

Keep it cool, nice and cool Adrien. You’re Chat Noir – you’re a kickass, awesome super hero! And Marinette will love you! So just chill, relax, and-

The sound of a piercing scream effectively cut him out of his mental pep talk. That’s weird, the scream sounded a little bit like-

“What the hell?!” Marinette screeched, her hands cradling her temples and her back arched like a frightened cat.

Ah. It appeared that she had noticed him before he had intended.

Without thinking, he awkwardly waved at her through the window. Her pissed-off and freaked out expression didn’t change, if anything, it only grew more confused.

Adrien almost cracked a smile when he realized that the hairbrush was still stuck in her hair. Oh well.

“Uh…sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you-“

Without a moment’s hesitation, Marinette bravely marched forward, yanked the window open, grabbed the bell around Chat Noir’s collar, and practically threw him into her room.

“Whoa-hoa-hoa, there, slow down, jeez, if you wanted me so bad you could’ve just-“

“You have – three seconds,” Marinette began shrilly, yanking her hairbrush out of her hair and pointing it at him as if it were a sharp, threatening weapon rather than a pink plastic object he could easily break over his knee. “To tell me what the hell you’re doing hanging around my window!”

Chat Noir blanked. He had an excuse to be there, didn’t he? There was no way he’d be impulsive enough to just waltz up to her window and expect her to welcome him with open arms, right?

Chat Noir blinked.

Oh my god. Plagg was actually…right.

“I…was….just…passing…through…” he sputtered, barely able to articulate a single word at a time. Marinette squinted, not buying his load of crap for a single second. She was so clever…and beautiful…and angry-

“Two!” She cried, hand with the hairbrush shaking as she pointed it at his face. Maybe a laser would come out of the tip, he couldn’t know for sure.

Oh, right the countdown.

“Wait, wait, wait! Hold on, just-“ he held his hands up in surrender. “I’m just…hiding! The press, they uh…saw me, and I needed a place to crash for a bit until they disperse! Please?” He begged her.

He watched her visibly soften – the crinkled skin around her eyes smoothed out like ivory silk and she lowered her plastic hairbrush.

“Ok….but only for a little bit…” She mumbled, eyes washing down to the floor to avoid his persistent gaze.

“Thank you, dear princess.” He thanked her graciously, in general, he would’ve hoped to sweep down and kiss her hand in a prince-like manner, however, she seemed more than content huddling over in the corner of her room on top of her comfy-looking bed, as far away from him as she could get.

He frowned. This was definitely a work in progress.

“Ah…I’m sorry, how rude of me,” he began studiously, “I am Chat Noir, but you probably already knew that…”

Marinette hung her head back, like she had been expecting his response, before lazily rolling her head over to look at him with boredom written in her eyes.

“Marinette.” She introduced crisply. “And don’t get too comfortable,” she added as a warning.

“I wouldn’t dream of it.” He lied with ease. While Marinette fiddled with the hem of her oversized pajama shirt, Chat Noir