squints his eyes at his boyfriend suspiciously but let's it go.

 

Dolph finally returns from the bathroom with just enough time to finish his mashed potatoes, when David gets everyone's attention. “Ok everyone hit the showers after dinner, I'm sure you're all sweaty from the 95 degree weather we've been having, then off to bed and lights out.” David informs, with his signature ear to ear grin. David is baffled by no one even questioning Dolph's black face.

 

Most of the camper's were already done eating and we're just bullshiting. However the prospect of a nice shower is too much to pass up for most as most of them get up to head to the showers especially Max dragging Neil by the hand out of the cafeteria. 

 

At the shower house Space kid and Dolph are pretty much the last ones there. They strip down to their birthday suits again eyeing up each others naked bodies, they begin to walk down the isle of open shower stalls on either side, seeing Max and Neil in one together. Neil has Max lifted up against the wall grinding on him, they are the worst keep secret in camp. Space kid is curious while Dolph is getting a little turned on. The two continue to walk to the back.

 

Forgetting a couple of shower stalls are out of order leaving only one open. They look at each other as a thick cloud of steam enveloped the hallway from which they came. 

 

Dolph was the first to speak. “Do you ah, want to shower together? He asks hesitantly, trying his best to hide his boner.

 

“Sure! You wash me, i wash you.” Space kid says, almost too excitedly.

 

Space kid turns on the hot water, it's lukewarm at best but it's good enough he quickly dampens his hair and gets his skin wet then moves out of the way for Dolph to do the same. Space kid grabs his bottle of 2 in 1 shampoo and body wash and squeezes a liberal amount onto Dolph's head be taller if only slightly his hand rake through Dolph's straight black hair getting a good thick lather going. 

 

Rubbing his scalp Space kid asks. “Can you turn around?” 

 

Dolph obliges the request turning away, scrubbing the soot off his face. Space kid's hands move from his head down to his shoulders. Dolph can't help but moan, this feels so nice. Space kid admires his butt then moves on to scrubbing Dolph's arms but shortly after Space kid's hand become more explorative reaching around feeling Dolph's chest grazing his nipples drifting farther down to Dolph's soft belly, white foam trails across his torso. Then he moves to Dolph's massaging and kneading his back. 

 

Dolph says turning around with a smile. “Ok, your turn.” Grabbing the bottle he squeezes some into his hands then reaching up applies it to Space kid's thick brown curls. Dolph scrubs hard at his neck line, there's a ring where his helmet touches, from only being removed to eat and shower. Dolph's hands rub and feel up the rest of Space kid's pudgy body. 

 

Space kid is just enjoying every second of it. He's never felt so close and intimate with someone before. Showering off the suds they walk back to the locker room, 

 

Space kid notices everyone else has left. “Where'd everybody go?” He questions aloud. 

 

“I guess ve vere in there longer than ve thought.” Dolph surmises, putting on nightly attire of t-shirt and shorts.

 

While Space kid is zipping up his astronaut suit PJ onesie and putting his helmet back on that he sleeps with.

 

The two of them walk back to their cabin and turn off the lights. Both tried from a full day of fun and play they try to go to sleep on the tops of their sheets but the still stifling heat even at night keeps sleep at bay for them. 

 

After about an hour of just laying in bed trying to fall asleep, the silence is broken by soft muffled yet distinct crying from Space kid. The weight of the bad news David had given him earlier day has finally started to sink in, with little to distract him it's all he can think about. 

 

Dolph wants to console his friends but doesn't know how to go about it, it doesn't matter that much anyway because soon he  hears the quiet sobbing replaced by snoring. Shortly after Dolph finds slumber himself.

July 2nd

 

Waking up the next morning Dolph gets out of bed ready for the day in stark contrast to to Space kid who isn't moving from his bed.

 

Dolph going over to Space kid's bed gives him a little nudge. “Come on sleepy head rise and shine.” He says softly.

 

Space kid flails his arm in Dolph's general direction. “Leave me alone, go away.” Space kid groans. He just feels so down in the dumps.

 

Dolph decides to give him some space, leaving for breakfast.

 

While munching on a bagel he chats with Nikki, more so half listening to