. His inhales are desperate gasps of air exhaled through a crying plea.

"Oh God, oh good God. Five." the words are a mantra he repeats even as you fall back into restless slumber.

Okay so I know I've been slacking. I honestly don't have a valid excuse. \_(ツ)_/¯It looks like updates are going to be spontaneous. I am hoping to continue this, as I have the majority of the plot already blocked.Kudos and comments are greatly appreciated.

You sleep for three more days.

You barely move for those three days except in cases of the restroom or the occasional vomiting spell. _____ Everything is very difficult to process. Your mind is hazy and feverish. It hurts to move, to walk. ____ Your dreams are filled with unfamiliar faces and voices. You wake in the middle of the night at one point to the smell of blood that is not your own.

The radio operator, Sam, visits often. He always looks very weary. You wonder if he gets enough sleep. He tries to hide his fatigue behind a tired smile. He has a pleasant voice, and soon you look forward to his visits. He talks about everything. The subject varies from candy and curly-wurlies to himself and to other 'runners'. You don't understand the majority of what he says, but sometimes a phrase or word will stick out to you. Yet when you try and recall why, there is nothing. Emptiness

He always calls you Five.

There are other visitors as well. Most often it is the doctor that comes to see you. Paula is her name. She has kind eyes and a soothing voice. Yet like Sam, she is tired. It is a different kind of fatigue. Instead of sleepless nights she gives the impression of deep heartache. You recall Sam saying something about a woman named 'Maxine'. She must have been important. You gain the impression that you knew her.

There are others as well, though less often. Other runners who claim they know you. You do not recognize them. They drop by briefly, never staying long. One of the girls, Jody, cries when she sees you. She breaks down into tears when she sees the IV drip and heart rate monitor. Huge, wracking sobs make her back shudder. She braces on the doorway and tries to compose herself. 

You wish so desperately to offer sympathy, to say some word of comfort. You wish to tell her there is no use for tears now, that you are tired of people weeping for you.

This is the day that you realize you do not have a voice.

The realization shatters you. The most important tool you could have had to communicate, gone. It is so unfair. And as Jody continues to sob, you feel tears of hot frustration run down your face. You want to scream in anger, but you can only breath out heavy, shuddering exhales.

Sam brings a pencil and pad next time he comes. He mentions something about the doctor and her observations. You barely hear him. The gift of the pencil and pad brings an excitement you have not felt before. Sam is happy to see your reaction, until you pass him the pad with a question scrawled in chicken-scratch letters.


"Have I never been able to speak?"


His face falls when he reads it. You feel your gut sink. It takes him a while to look back up. When he does, he issues the answer you had hoped against.

"Yes." 

The second realization is just as bad as the first. You were never able to speak. You never had a voice. You never did and you never will.

The room is still for a very long time. Sam hangs his head and stares at the floor. His expression resembles something similar to shame. You try desperately not to shed tears. Your throat closes up and for a brief moment you wish desperately that your tears had a sound to them. You want so deeply to make a sound, any sound.

You eventually motion to Sam to hand you back the notebook. The next words are written carefully, slowly so as to be as legible as possible. You hand it back to Sam again.

"Tell me everything." it says.

It takes some time. Sam is there for hours. He starts from the beginning. The helicopter, arriving at Abel, the other runners, the attack on Abel and the resounding consequences. He talks about the other runners who have died. Names and places fly past you and you struggle to retain as much information as you can. After the first half hour you resort to keeping notes on the pad, writing down events and people and locations. 

You sometimes have to stop and swallow back a sob. You lived through this, you were a part of the story that unfolds before you, and yet you remember nothing. Nothing. Just a blank space where and answer is supposed to be. Yet you pay attention, you keep the names and places in your immediate thoughts. If you can't remember them happening, you