lived in the world for two decades; and was so naive about the world-- was right. “It’s better to die fighting for what you believe in than fighting for a lie you thought was true,” he spoke softly.

It was now the third day since Ratatosk left Midgard. He had been eliminating the Wraak as he came across them on his travels with Fenrir. Despite him being a demigod, he felt the fatigue begin to catch up to him due to the effects of the magical collar locked around his neck. Ratatosk felt irritated. He had never experienced “fatigue” before. As a demigod, he would have superior stamina and endurance. He began to feel annoyed at Ragnar once again. He had forgotten about his annoyance at the King because he was occupied by Freya and Odin throughout these ten years.

 Perhaps my old age has made me easily distracted…  Ratatosk thought in irritation at himself. He quickly shook the thought from his mind. “Fenrir, we’ll take a short break.”

The wolf-beast nodded and trotted off towards a nearby lake and entered the water, soaking it's entire body. Fenrir dove underneath the water's surface. When he resurfaced, there was a fish flailing it's tailfin in his mouth. With a single gulp, Fenrir swallowed the fish hole.

Ratatosk took off his belt that held his blades and placed them on the ground. He then rested himself against the trunk of a tree and watched Fenrir eat his fill.

The demigod sighed.  After I find Baldur in Jotunheim, then I will have to face off against Magni and Valia. Once I defeat Magni in a duel, then I can figure out their true motive. Why did they have to kill Sole?  Ratatosk tightened his fingers into a fist.  I will avenge Sole. She did not deserve to be put to rest. 

“Well, well, what do we got here? Those are some nice looking blades you have there.”

Ratatosk looked to the side and saw a group of rough-looking men approach him. Their clothes were mainly black in color and tattered. The man in the front, who called out to Ratatosk, had spiky, ear-length, charcoal-colored hair. He wore a blood-red bandana that wrapped around his head just above his eyebrows, creating a shadow a over his eyes which made it difficult for Ratatosk to identify their true color. The five men behind him wore the same colored band around their waists. Ratatosk looked at them without much interest then returned his attention to Fenrir, who was now splashing about happily with the ducks in the water.

Suddenly, a loud thud and crack sound caught The demigod’s attention. He returned his sight towards the group of men that were now standing in front of him. The leader had stomped his foot against the trunk of the tree, a few centimeters to the left of Ratatosk’s head. The back of the tree had cracked and crumbled beneath the man’s foot. “Look at me when I’m talking to you, slave.”

Ratatosk raised an eyebrow. “Slave?” he asked innocently.  It seems Baldur is not keeping his people safe if there are people resorting to taking people as slaves. 

“Yeah,” he replied. “That golden collar sticks out pretty nicely, too. Your master must be pretty rich to keep his slave all clean and dolled up like you.”

“Hey, boss,” one of the men behind the leader spoke, “I’m sure we could sell him for a nice price. Especially his golden weapons could make us filthy rich.”

The leader reached out his hand and roughly gripped Ratatosk’s chin, forcibly turning his head from side to side. The leader smirked. “He’ll fetch a hefty price with that silver hair and red eyes. Or we can keep him for our brothers back at home to enjoy. We always need a pretty face to keep ourselves entertained. He’ll definitely last longer than the women we snag.”

The entire group snickered. “Alright, pretty boy, you'll be coming with us.” One of the underlings approached Ratatosk. In his hands, he held a large, cloth bag. Another man approached him with rope in hand.

Ratatosk sighed. All he wanted to do was replenish his strength for half an hour then be on his way in search of the demigod of defence. But now he had to deal with these annoying humans thugs who had mistaken him as a slave and were trying to capture him for their own benefit. And he had no desire to learn in what they planned to do to him if he was to be the one replacing their women.

As soon as they came close enough to Ratatosk, he immediately swept his leg across the grass, knocking the humans off their feet. Ratatosk stood and looked down on the men.

The boss readjusted his bandana and quickly stood back up. “Okay, boys, it’s time to get rough and tough on the pretty boy.”

All the men got to their feet and pulled out daggers into their hands and directed their weapons at Ratatosk.