,” Simon smiles before continuing, “Plus, it’s not so bad. You’re here. It could def. be worse. I could be stuck totally alone with her.”

Raphael plays with the cuffs on his suit jacket.

“How did you turn?” Simon asks in the quiet.

“Ms. Belcourt tells me my mother sold me to vampires but I don’t remember that. I don’t remember anything from before I turned.”

Simon hums quietly, “And you believe her?”

“She’s the clan leader and my master. I have no reason to doubt her.”

“She keeps you locked up in a bell tower. That’s a pretty good reason, I think,” Simon says. He scoots closer to Raphael and puts a hand on his knee, “Why does she do that? And what happened to you? Why are you scarred?”

“I’m not normal. Ms. Belcourt says all the shadowhunters would come for me, that I wouldn’t survive a day without her. She’s been taking care of me my entire after life and so, I believe her,” Raphael pauses and pushes Simon’s hand from his leg, “As for the scars, the other vampires are rather cruel when Ms. Belcourt isn’t around to stop them.”

“If she knows you’re suffering, she should let you free. After all, nobody wants to be cooped up here forever,” Simon pauses as a rat skids across the floor. He goes to shriek but it gets trapped in his throat as he watches Raphael lung from the bed and scoop up the rat. A sickly crunch reaches Simon’s ears as Raphael’s fangs bite into the rodent’s body. A moment later, the creature’s carcass is discarded near the locked door with a thud. Simon trains his face back into a kind smile before Raphael returns to his spot on the bed, “Is that what you drink?”

Raphael nods.

“Why doesn’t Camille bring you leftovers or something?”

“Ms. Belcourt prefers I feed on the blood of rats and other pests. She says it’s because she caught me gorging on mundanes when I first turned,” Raphael admits, retreating into his dark corner, “Sleep now. Who knows what tomorrow holds?”

“I do,” Simon says. He rolls over onto his side to face where he assumes Raphael is, “I’m going to die.”

“I wouldn’t let that happen,” Raphael whispers, so quietly Simon is sure he’s dreaming it, “You don’t deserve that.”

Simon wakes to a cacophony of war below the bell tower and someone battering the door down. It crashes forward, hinges springing deep into the room. A wide path of sunlight blazes in, causing Simon’s eyes to ache after constant darkness. Raphael hisses, clamoring as far from the beam of light as possible.

“Simon,” Clary exclaims, rushing toward him. She checks him for any major injuries, nodding in satisfaction when she finds he’s relatively unscatched. She pecks his cheek, lips pressing his soft skin ever so gently, before she embraces him in a warm hug, “Oh, thank God you're alright!”

Raphael glares at the sight, attention only taken away from her when another shadowhunter, he supposes, enters the room behind her.

“We got ‘im, Alec,” Jace says into an earpiece, “Carrying him out now.”

“I’m fine. I don’t need to be carried out,” Simon says. He glares at Jace, face marked with stubborn rage, before turning to the blackest corner in the room and pointing at it, “But, uh, that’s Raphael. He’s coming with us.”

“No way, mundie. We are not taking a  vampire  with us,” Jace says in a dirty, prejudiced way that makes Simon grit his teeth.

“He’s not like the others,” Simon insists, “Camille keeps him locked up here. He feeds off of animals. For fuck’s sake, Jace, the other vampires bully him.”

“So what, you’ve got sympathy for a blood sucking killer? Use your brain, mundie. If she keeps him locked up, it’s probably because he’s too dangerous  even  for her taste.”

“Are you even listening?” Simon asks, “How about this? He never fed on me, even helped keep me alive after Camille almost killed me.”

“Probably so his sire would have a nice, lasting meal,” Jace says. He pulls out his seraph blade and advances into the room.

“He can come with us,” Clary says. She moves to Jace and lays a hand placatingly on his shoulder, “Maybe he can help us figure out what Camille’s endgame is.”

“Not likely,” Jace says, glaring somewhere beyond Clary's face, “He’s probably loyal to her.”

“He can be swayed,” Simon whispers and it sounds like a promise, “We just have to show