But what manga do you read? Usogui? Mudazumo Naki Kaikaku? Have you read any of the spin-offs for Yu-Gi-Oh? I never pictured you a fan of-!”

“I FUCKING TOLD YOU TO MAKE HASTE, PIG BOY!”

Someone switched off the music and several pairs of eyes rounded on them. Even though Makoto hadn’t been on the receiving end of her order, the hairs on the back of his neck prickled and the room seemed to drop in temperature as all the heat in the room transferred to Celes’s glare.

Hifumi snorted. “Y-Yes!” He rolled off the couch, hitting the ground with a thud that made everyone not watching the scene already do so with a jump, and he scrambled toward the table. Makoto dodged out of the way. “O-Of course! This-! This Pig Boy is making all the haste he can! He begs for forgiveness. Oink, oink! Do you want this remorseful piggy to oink louder?”

“No, that’ll do. Thank you.” Celes simpered, face once more an icy mask of pleasantries. “I will consider pardoning your insolence.”

The tablecloth was pulled askew as Hifumi tugged on it to help himself back to his feet. He picked up a bottle and stepped through the short distance separating the table from the couch.

Celes held her cup toward him and Hifumi poured into it until it was three-quarters full. Then he joined Celes on the couch and stayed silent as Yasuhiro piped up, “You think your story is whack, lemme tell you ‘bout the time I woke up with only three socks and a snorkel.”

Makoto decided he wasted enough time listening and was about to leave when he remembered why he was there in the first place. He took a bottle and, quickening his pace, entered the kitchen.

Byakuya seized the bottle from Makoto, reaching his other hand into his pocket for what turned out to be a bottle opener. “You can go now.”

“I’ll see you later then.” Makoto’s cup was where he left it and he filled it halfway with water. After he drank it, he went back into the living room, hearing Byakuya leave the kitchen through a different door.

Not much changed during his brief spell in the kitchen. Junko and Mukuro had come back from the hallway and Junko had an arm caged around Touko’s waist. Opposite them stood Leon and Mondo.

Makoto approached so he could hear what they were arguing about.

“You ain’t supposed to drink it,” Leon said. “That shit’s crazy. You’ll burn your insides and I ain’t telling my mate that someone died here ‘cause of some YOLO stunt.”

“You can, you can, you can!” Junko stuck out her bottom lip. “I saw it on a youtube video and you can! You’re just too weenie to do it yourself.”

Kiyotaka, who had until now been dancing the Charleston in a corner, marched over to give his opinion. “There will be no dying at this party. That’s strictly prohibited and would prove inconvenient. We would have to end the party early, for one thing. And imagine trying to sleep in the same house as a corpse once was- it would have a detrimental effect on sleeping patterns, no doubt!”

He needed to evaluate his priorities.

Sayaka danced over. “Drinking a flaming drink sounds dangerous...”

Chihiro nodded. “Maizono-san’s right. You could get hurt!”

“... But incredible!” Sayaka added. Her eyes sparkled. “It sounds like a trick performed at a circus or on a street corner. I’ve never seen anyone do it.”

Leon’s gaze and judgement wavered. “Hey, Enoshima... you said you saw someone do it? And they didn’t die?”

Mondo slapped himself on the forehead.

“Yep!” Junko grinned. “I even brought everything you’ll need with me because it’ll be hella rad.”

Yasuhiro scratched his head. “Hella rad? Where does hella sit on the scale of radness?”

“One of my buddies say it.” Junko briefly left the room to get a carrier bag from the hallway. She procured from it three bottles and set them onto the table.

“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Makoto asked. He anticipated one of two answers and neither appealed to him.

“Absolutely.” Junko got out a shot glass and poured a combination of the three bottles into it, using a spoon for the last bottle. Her hand delved into her cardigan for a lighter.

“Don’t let Celes-chi anywhere near it,” Yasuhiro said. “She’ll set you on fire.”

Junko ignored him and ignited the drink. A blue flame with a yellow tip burst out, pulsing as it burned.

Leon gawked. “I’m supposed to just chug it down?”

Mukuro shook her head. “You’ll need this.” She held out a straw.

“You’re fucking with me, aren’t you?”

If she was,