. The sheets moved in sync with the wind and the whole creation seemed a bit unstable. A boy with cerulean eyes was trying to tie another rope whilst holding up a large wooden stick at the same time. His tongue poked out a bit in concentration. The shadows twirled over him in time with the soft summer wind that moved the green leaves of the trees. With a sigh he dropped the stick again and let it crash to the ground. He’d been trying to stabilize his base for hours now but the whole thing seemed to become more and more unsteady with every breeze. Even the rope that he tied to the trees didn’t seem to stay put. It had seemed so amazing when he thought of it, his own place in the middle of the forest that laid just a few blocks away from his house. It was amazing, but at the same time the forest seemed to unsettle him. An eerie sensation that crawled over the ground, up in the trees, covering his skin like a cold, clammy blanket. Once again he picked up the stick and this time he took the rope in his left hand instead of his right, thinking that the movement would give him a terrific solution. After two minutes of fumbling around he dropped it again and this time one the sheets fell towards the ground too. This made him kick one of the grey and muddy stones and curse. Softly of course because even if his mum wasn’t here, she’d still notice it when he entered the house. For some unexplainable reason it was some kind of power that most mums had. (He didn’t know it but as soon as he did something questionable he would bit his lip and hold his arms behind his back, swinging his hips from side to side while chatting with his mum). Giving up on the shoddy creation of a base he decided to explore his surroundings a little more. Even though he grew up close to the forest he’d never seen every part. They only took the save paths that seemed to run through the forest when he went with his family. His friends would rather play football than chase each other and explore the forest. At first he had asked them every time he went here but at some point he’d given up. Between the trees there was a route with strange twists and turns, an obstacle course built out of tree-trunks. He almost twisted his ankle because of a root that seemed to leap up from the ground. After almost ten minutes of walking he was already certain that he was terribly lost, every tree had some semblance of the other and he almost didn’t know if he was walking in small circles. He wasn’t obviously because only babies got lost, like his sisters. They didn’t know much and every time they did something he had to help them because he was their big brother. He loved them dearly, but at times they seemed to drain all the energy from his body. A soft sniffling sound drifted past his ear and he slowly lifted his head towards it, almost with curiosity. Of course it wasn’t actual curiosity because mum had told him that grown up boys should behave themselves and he was almost thirteen and had his own base! He was definitely able to contain this curiosity. After a avoiding a few bushes and almost breaking his other ankle on a tree root (and that one wasn’t there when he looked, he was certain) he had finally reached a small clearing. Where there had been a trail of darkness and lingering shadows in the other parts of the forest you could only find sunlight here. It almost looked like it wasn’t a part of the forest, as if he suddenly stepped into a portal and landed in another dimension. Inside the clearing there were a few tree stumps and on one them there sat a… His eyes widened for a second in fear before he realized that the form was a hunched over boy and not fearless monster that would rip him apart. The thought would’ve been ridicule had he not played that videogame with Zayn, the boy living next door. It wasn’t the videogame that his mum forbid him to play, it wasn’t. The shoulders of the boy shook slightly while the sniffling sound continued. It didn’t take him long to know that the boy was crying and it was the sound that made him move forward in a hurry. He only had four sisters but that didn’t mean that the big brother instinct wouldn’t take over when he saw other tiny muppet things crying. Before he actually consciously noticed it he was already standing in front of the boy. Who, as he looked upwards, turned out to have most shiny, green eyes he’d ever seen before. Eyes filled with hopefulness, fear, sadness and a little bit of anger. ‘’You should leave if you’re going to be a meanie.’’ It baffled him that a clearly distraught boy could sound so polite while almost trying to order him away. Trying to push away the part of him that was annoyed, he grinned. ‘’I’