his knees, all overwrought and mesmerized.

His abrupt and rather klutzy tumble startled Baekhyun, but curled his tongue and held back any cynical comments, all sensible and vulnerable to Chanyeol’s goggling eyes, which studied his body under a glassy, dreamy layer of attachment.

“Ours…” He shakily whispered and Baekhyun trembled as the deep note assaulted his sensitive eardrums. Chanyeol’s gaze was filled with confused tears when he tentatively neared a palm to the other’s unprotected belly, gambling quick glances up here an there to see his reaction. Baekhyun contained a sigh as the eager hand came to touch his solid stomach, spreading a small, nice heat-wave. Chanyeol whimpered, amazed that Baekhyun was not rejecting his caress, and the smaller unwillingly mimicked it, victim of the contenment the other’s tender stroking provided. “My God, these are my babies…”

Something strange happened then.

A furious emotion had been scorching his chest, bubbling inside his throat and burning it like acid; he had identified it as plain anger and Baekhyun had been ready to manifest it. However, when he unzipped his lips to say something after acquiescing in the significant encounter between his unborn babies and their father, an overwhelming elation captured his spiteful words and unwound his scowl, replacing it with a pliant, timid smile. He felt genuine sympathy toward the man breaking down in front of him, becoming a priceless mess with a simple pat on the belly that secured his children’s growth. Giggles escaped him once Chanyeol’s fingers fearlessly tickled his sides, in the exact way he used to during their first pregnancy. When their unclouded gazes overlapped each other’s, time stilled and a wordless amnesty was settled.

At that moment, Baekhyun clearly distinguished Chanyeol as his erstwhile husband, his former best friend and past partner in crime; he was the man who had treasured him in a way that none else had before. Such notion left him feeling very affectionate and lenient, tasting a bittersweet friendly type of love in the tip of his usually quarrelsome tongue. Chanyeol could understand it, because he had experienced a similar change of heart during that night prior Joohyun’s concert.

He closed his hand over Chanyeol’s knuckles, thumb lightly tracing a formless pattern over them, and spoke with more thoughtfulness than before. There were things that could not be ignored much longer. He wanted to do things accordingly.

“What are we going to do about this?” Baekhyun wetted his lips, rueful, and sighed. “How are we suppose to face this?”

“They’re twins, aren’t they?” The giant asked in a trance, applying a little force against the growing stomach; it seemed he desired to feel them even though it was still too early for that. Baekhyun nodded, eyes a bit absent as Chanyeol brushed the tip of his nose against soft fabric. “Please, don’t suggest a fair arrangement like the one we have with Joohyun and Dahyun, Baekhyun… I won’t have any of that. It’ve made our daughters miserable... And it’s has clearly strained us.”

The smaller could not fight him when he perfectly understood where he was coming from, but tried anyway. They could not be platonic about it.

“I… I can’t imagine a perfect solution for this, Chanyeol. Someone’s going to end up hurt, or is going to have their queries unsatisfied. It’s inevitable”, he realistically warned, eyes shedding some frustrated tears as Chanyeol’s heartbreaking, secretive smile appeared over his exhausted face, so understanding despite what he had previously stated. “Either we split the custody and financial responsibilities, and we subject them to a life full of hideous schedules, alternating who gets to spent time with who during specific periods of time before switching, or we choose a twin and relieve the stress by reducing the planning to some occasional, important events...”

Chanyeol laughed, but it was an ironical, depressing laughter.

“I can’t determine which one sound less awful.”

“We don’t have many alternatives, Chanyeol. You have built a life in Korea, with all your friends and relatives there, and I have secured mine here. Joohyun’s place is by your side and Dahyun’s is by mine, and there’s nothing we can really do about it—nothing rational and prudent, at least”, a surprising, unearthly wisdom soaked his sincere words, leaving Chanyeol in a quizzical state.

He wanted to ask Baekhyun to stop sprinkling salt over his gushing wounds, but he knew they could not postpone it any longer.

Baekhyun kept going, “I won’t persuade you to abandon your job and everything you’ve achieved so far, and move here to take care of our children—because I just know you’ve been thinking about it. Neither will I throw out of the window all my sacrifices and struggles to return to Korea. I left for a reason and I’m not ready to go back. I think common sense dictates the most adequate solution for this is dividing the custody again.”

“Isn’t it selfish?