your body, he had one on his chest. He had fucked you, no made love to you, you taught him the difference between fucking and love making. He had made you cum. You screamed out his name and whimpered in such a way it made him feel warm inside.

He had come and surprised you at work. He decided, as many times before, that he was going to end this with you. You didn’t deserve a demon, you did not deserve him. But, you grinned at the sight of him and he realized how stupid his plan was and how selfish he was being. You both went out for dinner and you talked about your day, he listened and held your hand the entire time. He never grew tired of hearing you speak.

After dinner, you and he went to a park and stayed until sunset. Then you both went to your place and made love. He held you close and kissed your body. He always made sure you were facing away from him when you pushed himself in and out of you, when he would orgasm his form would shift and he didn’t want you to see what he truly was. Then he would lose you. He knew you deserved to know.

Laying with you in his arms, he touched your skin and played with your hair, he knew you deserved to know. He hated that he hid such a thing from you, he felt wrong every time he had sex with you and he felt his form shift. It reminded him he was a monster, a demon. It reminded him you were a beautiful human who deserved better. He felt like he was corrupting you, he was so afraid you would become a monster like him.

A hand rested on his and brought him from his thoughts.

“Hanzo.” You said softly, your back was to him and you were facing the mirror on the opposite wall.

“Yes, my blossom.”

“Can I ask you something?”

“Of course.”

“You promise to tell me the truth?”

“My love,” he said turning you over so you could face him, “I will only ever tell you the truth. I swear on my life.” He said, you touched his face and nodded your head.

“Hanzo, are you human?” you asked. His eyes went big and he moved away from you, he looked away and sighed.

“No.” he felt shame overcome him. He didn’t lie to you, but you wouldn’t want to continue this. He was a demon and you were a beautiful and gentle human. He would leave you and never come back.

“I um saw in the mirror.” You said motioning behind you. He looked up and realized your face was turned to the large mirror when he finished in you. You saw his form shift, you saw what he truly was. Fucking idiot, he thought to himself.

“I’ll go.” He said sitting up and grabbing his clothes. He felt tears in his eyes. What kind of demon cries over a human? A fuckin weak one, he thought. He froze when he felt a gentle hand on his wrist.

“Don’t. Stay with me, please.”

“Why? I’m a monster.” Hanzo growled glancing at you. You saw confusion in his face, confusion and fear.

“No, you’re not. You’re my Hanzo. My sweet boyfriend and I love you. I love you whether you’re a demon or a human. I love you Hanzo.” You said. Hanzo fully turned to face you, he saw the emotion in your face and heard the love in your voice.

“I don’t deserve you.”

“Hanzo, you deserve to be happy.” You said.

“Dammit don’t you understand! I’m a fucking monster! I’m a demon that can kill you and eat your body! I’ve killed people and demons before! I’m a fucking monster!” he snarled standing up. You moved back when you saw his human form break, your mouth fell open as you saw his form.

Towering over you was Hanzo, but in his demon form. He still had long black hair, but his undercut seemed to linger in this form, and his facial hair stayed. His eyes were white and he had two long horns coming out of his hairline. They were black and curved back, the tips went up slightly. Beside those two, were two smaller horns that were more like nubs. His skin was grey and you saw his hands were clawed. He had two large fangs or tusks sticking out from the top of his mouth, they were sharp. The tattoo was the same though, red and that demon face was the same.

“Hanzo, you’re beautiful.” You said sitting up on your knees. You slowly reached for his face.

He jerked at your touch but leaned into it. He closed his white eyes and pulled you close to him. He laid back on the bed and held you against his chest. He