make it stop.

Her clothes were torn. Purple welts marred the once smooth skin of her stomach, and a lacerated gouge was etched into her side. Buffy’s knuckles were bruised and raw, and Spike’s enhanced senses detected the foul underlying remnants of a secondary blood source. Clearly his girl had put up a fight, but nevertheless, some gloating wanker was out there heralding his one good day, whilst a valiant warrior succumbed to wounds that no amount of Slayer healing could ever hope to overcome.

Reluctant to release his precious bundle, Spike single-handedly tore his own shirt down his arms, before balling up the ruined garment and pressing it against Buffy’s neck, hoping to staunch the constant flow of blood. He’d seen worse—hell, he’d done worse—but none of the atrocities he’d committed in over a century of wanton immorality could measure up to the gut-wrenching horror of this moment.

With each passing second he felt her life’s essence slipping away. Hope. Faith. All gone. Desperate, he pressed his free hand to Buffy’s waist in a vain effort to stem the blood that leached from the jagged tear running along her hip. Too little, too late, and the echoed crimes of his past inevitably coated his fingers in a sickening sheen of red. His golden girl was dying. And there wasn’t a fucking thing he could do about it.

“Don’t do this,” Spike gasped, his voice nothing but a choked whisper.  “Don’t leave me.”

Tightening his hold, Spike buried his face in Buffy’s hair as he cursed the bastard who did this, cursed a God who had long since forsaken him, and above all, cursed himself for not being there when it mattered.

“Forgive me…”

A breathy exhalation against his neck caused a shudder to run throughout his body. Drawing back, he cupped Buffy’s cheek in his palm, the other hand smoothing the matted curtain of hair back from her face.

“Sp-Spike?”

“Buffy? I’m here, love. Spike’s got you. I’m here.”

Her eyes were unfocused as she shivered against him.  “Spike...”

“Should’ve been here. Shouldn’t have let you leave. God, Buffy…”

He refused to make any false promises. No phoney declarations that everything would be alright. His girl had been lied to enough times in her short existence, and Spike wasn’t about to do her that disservice. This life was no fairy-tale, and there would be no happily-ever-after’s in their future. He knew better. And the worst part—the part that burned through his gut—was that Buffy knew it too.

“I’ve got you, baby… Spike’s got you.”

“I… I’m s—” A wracking cough wrenched from Buffy’s chest, cutting off her words with a pained gasp.

“Hush now.” Blinking back tears, the vampire pressed a kiss to her forehead, his unneeded breath hitching in his throat at the coolness of her clammy skin.  “I’m here, love. Save your strength, I’m not goin’ anywhere.”

Weakly, Buffy’s fingers clutched at his blood-soaked t-shirt, and in a blessed moment of lucidity, Spike found himself drowning in the emotions so clearly written in her eyes. Pain and regret mingled with fear, but beneath them all lay something softer, something indefinable. Something—

“…so s-sorry…”

Something that damn near ended him.

A rasping breath rattled from Buffy’s chest as her eyelids fluttered closed. Her skin was slick with perspiration, and as her slowing heart rate beckoned the final moment ever closer, Spike was unaware of the tears that streamed down his face. Slamming his eyes shut, the vampire willed the haunting images away, choosing instead to embrace the cold fury that stole through his veins. Crippled by his emotions, Spike focused solely on the wavering pulse of life stuttering within Buffy’s chest—the fragile echo of existence gnawing away at the frayed tethers of his self-control, rendering him insensible, as Buffy’s blood tattooed his skin with a permanent reminder of her mortality.

Turning his head skyward, an anguished scream tore from Spike’s throat, and with an unseeing gaze he continued to rock her fragile body—his surroundings fading away as he cradled his forsaken angel. He was losing her. The realisation that he’d failed her again left him plummeting into depths of hopelessness the likes of which he’d longed never to revisit after the past summer. Brushing his lips across her damp forehead, Spike tucked a stray lock of hair behind Buffy’s ear, and for reasons unfathomable to even him, began beseeching a deity who’d never given two shits about his prayers in the first place. A sob broke through his lips. Raw. Hoarse. And with one last gasp Spike felt himself being pulled under, drowning in a sea of despair.

“Forgive me,” he