into the dark, and then turns and storms into the house.

Jared takes a deep breath and follows him.

Jensen has gone for the whiskey and that’s never a good thing. “You have class tomorrow,” Jared reminds him.

Jensen pours himself a couple of fingers and tosses it back. “Fuck class,” he mutters.

“Is that really what you want?” Jared asks.

The glass very narrowly misses his head before it smashes against the wall behind him. Jared is stunned. And then furious. And then he sees the utterly devastated look on Jensen’s face.

“Oh fuck,” Jensen collapses in on himself, sinking to the floor beside the liquor cabinet. Jared is beside him in three long strides. He drops to his knees beside his boyfriend and gently raises Jensen’s chin.

“I’m sorry,” Jensen says, the tears in his eyes making them look even greener.

“I know,” Jared says. “But that’s not okay. No matter how angry you are, you don’t get to throw stuff at me or hit me. You’re a better man than that; no matter what bullshit your dad told you about real men.”

Jensen nods. “I’m sorry,” he says again. “Please don’t leave me.”

Jared pulls him into a hug. “I’m not leaving you.”

Jensen cleans up the broken glass while Jared makes coffee and puts the whiskey away. They end up snuggled together on the sofa and Jensen does that thing where he somehow manages to make himself seem smaller than he is and tucks himself under Jared’s arm.

“You know,” Jared says, his voice carefully neutral, “from what you’ve told me, it sounds like your mom had a lot of problems that maybe she didn’t have the ability to deal with.”

“Well, yeah,” Jensen says tightly, “I was there, remember?”

Jared licks his lips. “Right. And it sounds like it was rough.”

Jensen snorts. “My brother and I, we were kids. She should’ve protected us. She should’ve just left the bastard.”

“Sometimes it’s not that easy to just leave,” Jared says.

“I did,” Jensen raises his chin defiantly.

Jared nods. “Do you think you could’ve done that if you’d had two small children with you?”

Jensen shrugs. “Whatever. She still didn’t have to send me to that place. She could’ve told me that it was okay to be gay. She could’ve found out about PFLAG and put me in contact with people who could help me; who could’ve protected me after she’d…” Jensen swallows, his body tensing against Jared’s. “She told me I’d been born with a dysfunction,” his voice is rising along with his anger, “that I had to learn to control my unnatural urges. She sent me to a guy who…” Jensen cuts himself off abruptly.

Jared tightens his hold on his boyfriend and kisses the top of his head.  Jensen still hasn’t told him what happened at the re-orientation facility his mom sent him to as a teenager, but reading between the lines, Jared came to the conclusion some time ago that Jensen had been molested there.

“Why couldn’t she just love me? Jensen says, relaxing into Jared again. “Why couldn’t she just protect me?”

“I don’t know,” Jared murmurs. “And you have every right to be angry about that.”

Jensen sighs and squirms and sighs again. “Even Chris,” he says after a moment. “I love the guy like a brother, but the moment I stepped off the Greyhound, he couldn’t wait to start pimping me out to the clients he’d gotten too old for, with a bonus cut to him off course.”

“I’m sorry,” Jared murmurs.

Jensen presses his lips together. “First Luke, then Warwick. And then Chris took one look at me and just knew it wouldn’t be hard to talk me into sucking dick for cash.”

Jensen has talked about Luke before; he was a high school senior and the coach of Jensen’s baseball team when Jensen was thirteen. They’d messed around some in the locker rooms after practice, but they’d never gone the whole way. Jared has no idea who Warwick is and he isn’t sure that now’s the right time to ask. He suspects that he’s someone from the re-orientation center, and files the name away for future reference.

“It’s almost like I had a sign on my back,” Jensen says. “Kid from a fucked up home – abuse at own convenience.”

Jared figures that’s not too far from the truth. For those looking for an easy victim, Jensen’s low self-esteem and troubled family background would’ve been like a bull’s eye.

“And then there’s Seb too,” Jared