who at the time was his second best friend. Louis had a kick in his stomach that kept telling him that maybe he should just admit it to Harry. Admit that he fancied him and get it over with. Harry was cool he wouldn't flip shit, right? So when it got quiet between them, he just said it. "Harry,-" "What?" "I've kind of had feelings for you for quite a while." He announced while looking in his lap. "Really?" Harry gave Louis a cheeky smile. Louis nodded and Harry said the two magical words that definitely would fuck him over in present day: "Me too." 

In eighth grade, Louis and Harry pursued to have a relationship on the down low. No one really knew about it but them two, Zayn, Harry's friend Eleanor, and Zayn's girlfriend at the time, Perrie. It was all so secretive but so fun, For the time being. The two would sneak kisses and hold hands and it was so nice, for the first week. When Harry nagged on that he wanted to come out and Louis said he wasn't ready, it seemed that Harry turned into someone else. Almost like he got bitter. Harry would poke more fun then usual at Louis. Louis didn't think much of it at the time, but it got harsher and harsher over time. Words like faggot and bitch kept being thrown. Although Harry would sometimes offer cuddles when he wasn't "busy" with other things, it got out of hand. Louis tried to fix things by buying Harry things, attempting to hold his hand publicly, anything Louis could think of. But it all came crashing when he saw Harry with someone else; a girl. 

The looks exchanged between the three were horrifying. Louis had stopped dead in his tracks, brain basically malfunctioning, mouth wide and eyes glazed over at the scene ahead. Harry with a girl, holding her hand, kissing her. Harry spotted Louis and dropped the girl's hand. He looked like a deer in the headlights and the girl kept asking "What's the matter Harry? Who's that boy?" and Harry just shook his head in disbelief. And that was the end of that.




In High school,


Louis accepted Harry's apologies but it wasn't the same. The feelings were never mutual and Louis never had the same trust as he did before. And even though they acted the same and Louis may have had some feeling left, it was never the same. 

The got better and hung out more often, but everyone knew that they weren't the same 'LouisandHarry'. The only one who would ever know the REAL truth would be Zayn. Louis only told Zayn about why it ended and the events leading up to it because he could trust Zayn and he felt far too humiliated to share this with anyone else (except for Niall, who is being told all this right now). 

Harry had joined the football team and made friends with all the snooty popular kids at school while Louis was embraced as a Thespian and joined Theatre. It was like they had fallen in their true social groups and that wasn't much of a problem.

Then they spoke less, and saw each other even less, and they never bothered to change that. Louis was content with his life and if Harry wasn't in it and he was happy, so be it. It all was too good though, how they just stopped speaking. Because on the way to a Thespian meeting with his new friend Liam, who happened to be his new neighbor as well, e bumped into o other than Harry and his new best friend, Nick Grimshaw. Louis smiled up at Harry, but before he could greet him, Harry grinned and scoffed, "Speak of the devil, why isn't it the little gay fairy." And Louis went cold, and Liam was in shock. Before anything else, Liam dragged Louis to the meeting as Louis began to shed tears. 

Liam informed Louis that Nick was his step brother and, "I knew he was a prick, but not enough to fuck with you with your friend." Louis shook his head and leaned into Liam as Liam comforted him.

And it went on. Harry and Nick and their friend kept fucking with him. Day after day after day. It never stopped. It wasn't like Louis would let it get to him. Zayn always said that weakness is what fueled those with the upper hand. Louis swears that one day, Zayn will be the next Confucius. So Louis ignored it. And he found it odd that when Harry was at Nick and Liam's house to be with Nick, he never crossed the street to fool with Louis. Never dared to in front of Liam or when Louis was with Liam the same time Harry was with Nick. Only at school. 

Then at the end of sophomore year, it just stopped. And Louis never saw Harry at school but only occasionally at Nick and Liam's, where he never even met Louis' eyes. And it was