t arrive until the nest week, and he knows Louis knows it well. Louis lets the butt plug rest inside Zayn until he can feel Zayn get exhausted from the continuous thrumming inside of him. Louis harshly grabs the end of the plug and pulls it out before slamming it back inside, resulting in the butt plug grazing Zayn's prostate. He can feel himself getting wet and the slick run down his thighs when Louis pulls out the plug completely and tosses it away to the pile of their clothes. He knows well that he isn't ready for it, doesn't want Louis' cock much less his knot, but his body betrays him. He's disgusted when he feels himself push back when Louis pushes two lean and long fingers inside of Zayn. There is a pressure on the sides of his eyes yet, he forces himself not to cry, desperately holding back tears. But within the next blink of an eye, he feels his tears falling down like waterfall as he feels an orgasm building inside of him. A firm hand grips the base of Zayn's small fat cock, and squeezes it hard, cutting off the impending orgasm, making Zayn whine pitifully, squirming as he felt the stronger body loom over him. "Zayn, you know better than to come without my permission."

Suddenly, Louis is no longer wrapped around Zayn which causes Zayn to glance back at his alpha. Overtime, he realized that if there was silence when Louis is in a room, the moment Louis does something, it will result in very, very bad consequences if anyone tried to stop him or got in his way. So, it is no surprise for Zayn to release a cry of distress when he feels the familiar pressure of Louis' massive eleven inches press againt his ring of muscles alongside the older boy sliding a cock ring down Zayn's petite five inches of meat and settling it around the base of the Bradford native's member and his balls.

Zayn gaspes at the pressure, experiencing a cock ring for the first time."Not a word, Malik," Louis says, a hint of threat added to his tone. Zayn's breath catches in his throat when he feels Louis' blunt head breach past his entrance. Louis keeps on pressing against Zayn, ignoring Zayn's pleas to stop, to leave him and whatever crap Zayn is babbling. Zayn might had been Louis' band member but you don't pull a stunt like this during a successful world tour. Still, Louis ensures his massive shaft is covered in his omega's slick before slamming iside roughly. A scream of pain leaves Zayn's throat at the brutal entry by his alpha, and he presses his sweat clad forehead against the fluffy balnkets, panting and whinig as his body rapidly tries to adjust to the thick cock inside of him.Finally when Louis is buried to the hilt, Zayn feels like he is being split into two. Above him, Louis groans lowly as Zayn is tight as a virgin. Zayn is clawing the silk bed sheets, desperately trying to move away from Louis, but Louis grabs Zayn's bony hips and steadies the omega before setting a brutal pace that leaves the omega groaning in pain, whinig and panting and wondering what he had done to endure such a brutal punishment and betrayal from his own bestfriend. He shrieks when Louis hits his prostate, which only encourages Louis to direct his thrusts onto that spot and relentlessly hammer it. Zayn cries out, his bach arching when he feels the beginnings of the alpha's knot slam inside of him. His eyes widen, and he shakes his head, signaling Louis not to do that, that he is not ready for a knot, not ready for his seed, not ready for a baby, but the knot swells inside of him, ensuring that the alpha is locked inside of him. However, that doesn't stop Louis o continue thrusting into Zayn. Oh, no. That would be an understatement. Lousi mentally encourages himself to continue the relentless torture onto Zayn. Zayn squirms and cries at each thrust even more now, the burn from Louis' knot straining against his entrance, and he could bet that his hole would tear anytime soon. He feels as if his heart wants to hammer its way out of his ribcage. He is not sure what happened to Louis that he was doing this to Zayn. Louis releases an animalistic growl before he bites down on the junction between Zayn's collrbone and neck over the scarred bond mark. Zayn cries out in pain once again as he is flooded by his slpha's heat, his body jerking everytime Louis roughly thrusts into him."Louis...Louis, please, stop," Zayn whines, blearily openning his eyes as a bony yet warm warm hand gripped his own small hands. Louis stilled his thrusts his rough thrusts, simply resting inside of Zayn. Then, he shifts so that Zayn is on the top. "Come on, Zayn. Ride me," Louis growls, an octave lower than his usual demure. Alpha voice.Without hesitstion, Zayn started to rock his hips gently making Louis gasp. Hee ignored the pain