and what no small amount had been transferred into his bank account, he knew he was expected not to ask many questions and he was happy to comply.

“It’s a pleasure to be working with you, Watari.”

“You were briefed?”

“I was. Although it was a little – “

“Brief?”

Anderson smiled. “Sparse.”

“Can’t be helped, I’m afraid. Come this way.”

Watari led him into what looked to be the set-up of a small studio. White lights were being positioned around a table. Two men were standing on stepladders, stapling a banner with the icon of a world with a pair of scales to the backdrop.  

On the table was a silver plaque reading ‘Lind L. Tailor’ in bold capital letters.

“Is L really going to show his face to the public?”

“Much is at stake. Some sacrifices are necessary.”

Anderson’s interpretators’ booth had a chair and table and a headset, and a Perspex window looking into the studio where L would be speaking. With twenty minutes still to go until the broadcast, he laid a handkerchief on the table and chewed his way slowly through a cranberry and pecan cereal bar. The wrapper promised him it was good for fibre and smooth intestinal passage. He didn’t know about any intestinal passage, but for the time-being it eased his nerves.

An international simultaneous broadcasting event. Anderson wasn’t sure they had had one of those since the moon landing.

Not only an international simultaneous broadcasting event, but the first time L would show his face to the world.

And Yoshio Anderson would be interpreting for him, live, simultaneously, his voice over L’s face, beaming into houses and offices and sounding out over streets all across Japan, his voice as L’s voice, his words as L’s words, the message to Kira delivered through him, as a god may speak through his prophets and angels, heralding calamities to come.

Yoshio Anderson didn’t believe in a benevolent God as his father did, but he believed in something beyond human control and, like his mother, he believed that when it interfered, somebody would always suffer for it. Gods knew no suffering and so knew neither how it was caused nor why they should avoid it. Suffering was man’s lot, as was retelling the story later, and ascribing benevolence to whatever watched over them because it tended to frighten less to imagine occasional kindness and deserving punishment then sadistic indifference.

Anderson picked at a pecan fibre lodged between his teeth and wished for a toothpick.

 Nothing good ever happened when a god chose to speak.   

A knock at the door. Anderson finished his cereal bar and folded up the handkerchief.

“Ready in three minutes, Mr Anderson.”

“Thank you.”

Watari closed the door and when Anderson turned around to look into the studio again, there was a man at the desk with the silver plaque. He sat straight-backed, was well-groomed, wore his grey suit well. He had just the sort of hard, sharp eyes Anderson would have expected of a world-class detective. They travelled quickly as they scanned his notes.

All in all, Anderson was a little underwhelmed although he’d be damned before he could say why. Perhaps it was because L, or Lind L Tailor as was the full name he so grandly displayed on his desk, had turned out to fit too much with his casual expectations. L looked like an officer. L looked like a leader. L looked as if he had sat in front of banners of the world with the scales of the law behind him since his school pictures. L wore a grey suit, and a shirt and a tie, and it was all so predictable as an image of the law that it was almost disappointing.  

Shrugging off the vague feeling of an anti-climax, Anderson adjusted his headset. He didn’t have to worry about what L looked like. All he had to focus on was being his voice.  

An international simultaneous broadcasting event.

Although, really, what was the point of having an international simultaneous broadcasting event? At this hour, the only countries they’d have any decent audience in would be East Asia and Oceania. Nobody would be watching in Americas, Africa or Europe, so presumably they would be doing this a second time over for the benefit of those continents later, by which time, this initial broadcast would probably already be doing its rounds on the internet. Why go to the trouble of broadcasting to all nations in a single swoop? Why do a live broadcast at all?

Unless that was simply what Anderson had been told they would be doing, and the reality was something else entirely.

Unless this was actually a targeted broadcast to East Asia and Oceania because L had already identified, somehow, that Kira was there, which would be fascinating if that was the case -

“Standby,” crackled Watari’s instruction through the headset and Anderson sat forward, listening closely, tongue to teeth like a thumb to trigger.

At the end of the day, it didn’t