sure to let you all know what I think the updating schedule in September will be at the end of chapter 5!

 “Argh,  honestly, that Aomine is nothing but a  trouble-maker!”  a different female nurse complained as she approached Kagami and Kuroko’s nurse in the hallway.

Kuroko’s nurse giggled. “What did he do  this time?” 

Kagami blinked from surprise.  Aomine? Is he awake? 

“He tried to leave his room at night again!” the second nurse exclaimed as she put her hands on her hips. “He was going on about some ‘Tetsu’ friend he  ‘needed’  to see.”

“Huh?! How does  he  know that Kuroko’s here??” Kagami shouted without thinking. “...U-um, Kuroko’s his last name…”

“Oh.” The second nurse shrugged. “Well, beats me. But they  do  happen to be in neighboring rooms, so maybe he heard Kuroko crying earlier.  I  sure as hell did.”

“Misaki-san…” Kuroko’s nurse interupted the other’s tangent, “is it really so much to ask to let Aomine-kun pay his friend a visit? I heard he’s been missing for a while.”

“Does it look like I care? ‘Cuz I  don’t,” Misaki retorted. “That idiot can see his friend when he’s discharged later today. He made a deal with a doctor that if he stays in his room for a few days straight, he’ll get an earlier discharge. And he just committed his second strike. The longer he stays in this hospital, the harder it’ll be for him to visit whoever he damn well pleases! If he wants to see his friend, he’ll have to abide by our rules here.

 “No exceptions!” she snapped with a finger pointed at Kagami, who opened his mouth to try and speak in Aomine’s defense, before turning on her heel and marching away.

“...Sorry about that, Kagami-kun. Misaki-san has a long night shift and tends to get, um...  disgruntled towards the end.”

“Tch, no kidding,” Kagami growled with clenched fists.  “What a b-” 

“Unfortunately, it does sound like Aomine-kun will have to wait until this afternoon to leave his room, and Kuroko-kun is certainly in no position to leave  his any time soon…

“But don’t worry,” she reassured Kagami with a bright smile. “While you’re visiting Kuroko-kun, I’ll go see Aomine-kun and let him know how your friend is doing. I’ll be right next door, so you can just give a shout if you need me.”

Kagami suddenly found himself alone as Aomine’s door slid open and shut. He just stared at Kuroko’s door, his mind racing.


 ‘...maybe he heard Kuroko crying earlier.’ 



 That was probably when the investigator told him about his parents… 


He reclenched his fists.  Why are there so many assholes making Kuroko’s life even more miserable!? That nurse won’t even let ‘im see his one of his best friends! 

He felt an urge to kick the door in frustration, but quickly stopped himself, or else  he would have been making things worse.

He relaxed his hands and took a deep breath.


 That’s right. What Kuroko needs now more than anything… 


His shaky hand slowly slid the door open.


 ...is to see a friend. 


And suddenly, there he is, sitting in a hospital bed in a small white room, facing Kagami.

The redhead had seen him (and even held and carried him) earlier on and off of the basketball court. His blue hair was surprisingly well-kept, but he otherwise looked to have seen much better days. Kagami had seen how much paler Kuroko’s skin looked, as though he hadn’t seen the sun since April; and how he was so skinny, his cheeks were hollow and their bones themselves stuck out. Also on the court, he had been wearing long pants and a long-sleeved shirt--both of them white--but Kagami could tell immediately that all of the muscle he had built up as a basketball player was gone. It only took three months for all of his physical efforts put towards making his body stronger to be reduced to skin and bones.

What scared Kagami the most a few hours earlier was that his friend’s eyes had been closed. They remained that way, no matter how hard Kagami shook him, all the way to the hospital.

But now Kagami’s eyes met with Kuroko’s finally open ones. They looked tired and sunken, with some red signs of irritation at the edges. However, after just a few seconds of staring, they blinked and widened, then blinked again and lit up slightly.

As Kagami cautiously slid the door shut behind him without looking away, Kuroko finally spoke in a soft, croaky voice that was barely audile over the sound of said door:


 “...Kagami… kun...?” 


Blue eyes blinked and widened once more.


 “Kagami-kun…”