made them all sit around in a circle, claiming it was time they really got to know each other. Liam had thought the worst it could be was a really weird Louis-version of truth or dare.

He should have known better. The boy has had a weird glint in his eye since day one. 

“Yeah,” Zayn repeats. Liam thinks he nods his head, maybe even smiles. He doesn't feel reassured, though, if that's what Zayn was going for.

Liam doesn't have a favorite in their little group, definitely not. He loves them all already though, even in the short amount of time he's known them. He loved them the second they formed a group.He doesn't know if that's normal, but that's just Liam. He loves way too easily and gets attached way too quickly.

Liam likes how laid back and carefree Niall is, constantly, all the time, like he's already sure about all of them, like he already knows this is where he belongs and that they're going to go far. He likes how comfortable Harry is around them (even if it means having to deal with Harry's near-constant nakedness), how cheeky and charming he is one second, and sweet and cuddly the next. And, even though it took a little extra getting use to, he loves how handsy Louis is with all of them, as if touching is the answer to success, as if there is no such thing as personal bubbles in a band such as theirs.

And then there's Zayn.

Zayn is different than all of them. And yeah, Liam doesn't have a favorite, but . . . well, Zayn's special. He's the slight smell of nicotine and spearmint gum. He's all secret smiles and perfect cheekbones and brilliant eyes.

And that's dangerous in itself. So when Louis winked at Harry, turned to Liam and said, 'You. Zayn. Closet. Seven minutes. Now get to it,' Niall had to all but shove Liam in the closet after Zayn.

“You realize they're going to know if we don't,” Liam points out.

Zayn chuckles a little. “Yeah, oh well. We'll deal with that in approximately five and a half minutes.”

“I want to,” he rushes out, not wanting Zayn to think he is opposed to kissing him. Because he's not. He's definitely not. But this is not how this was supposed to go down. It was supposed to be romantic, with fireworks or violins playing in the background. Maybe rain pouring from the sky. Something that wouldn't actually happen in about a million years. “I just . . . don't want to.” He covers his face with his hand, aware that Zayn probably can't see the blush warming his cheeks anyways. “Sorry, that didn't really make sense even to me.” He drops his hand. “It's not that I don't want to kiss you, I do, believe me. I mean, it's no big deal, right? It's just . . . I know it's just a game and . . .”

And then Zayn's hand is on his shoulder, breaking him out of his ramble. “Liam, mate . . . I understand. I understand completely.”

“You do?”

“Probably better than you think.” And then Zayn says, almost too quietly and kind of breathlessly, "If I had my way, our first kiss wouldn't be in a closet. Or part of a dare." It's silent for a moment, Liam trying to take in exactly what Zayn must mean.

“Five minutes.” Zayn's voice breaks him out of his thoughts and he looks in the other boys general direction.

He's suddenly filled with a sense of confidence he didn't know he had in him. Zayn's confession, the idea that maybe Zayn wants fireworks and violins and soppy romance, too, sparking something inside him. “Come on, then.” And without waiting for a response, he pulls Zayn in by his shirt front and presses their lips together.

Zayn mumbles a little bit in surprise before he's kissing him back.

The kisses are sweet and chaste at first, just a press of skin on skin, nothing major. Liam's done kissing before. He's never heard any complaints, but he's never thought of kissing as ever being something extraordinary. (Probably because he's never actually kissed a boy, but still.) So when Zayn pulls him in by his belt loops, bringing their bodies close together, Liam moans a little, surprised by the rush of feeling the contact brings. Zayn takes advantage of the opportunity, sucking Liam's tongue into his mouth.

It goes like that for a little while: deep kisses, their tongues battling together, noises Liam didn't know he was capable of making