up against Ronon's shoulder.

John and Ronon stumbled along in, uh, affectionate proximity for several months before the next logical question got asked. They were at a market on PX7-263, trying to find a dependable supplier of something, anything edible, that contained zinc, which no Pegasus animals and relatively few Pegasus plants had in good supply.

It was a large market, with traders from multiple planets represented, and the whole setup divided into districts by product type. They had started at the border between the weapons district and the foods district. They were now at the other edge of the foods district, almost into the entertainment district, and it was so noisy−music and people and some sort of clacker a lot of kids had−John couldn't hear himself think, couldn't speak to his team without shouting.

It didn't help that they were in a line, the three of them strung out before him: Teyla, Ronon, Rodney. There were so many people around, it was difficult to keep Teyla in view. She was short, and people kept pressing in between her and John. He was mostly trusting that Ronon would stay on her heels.

Ronon veered right, away from the food. John coldn't see why, but he almost turned to follow before he registered that Teyla was still going straight towards a giant booth filled with all manner of herbs and spices.

"Hey!" shouted John. Teyla and Rodney turned to look at him, and Ronon kept going, so he gave the nod to follow Ronon.

The meandering path they took confused John; he didn't see anyone they might be following or a merchant they could be heading towards. Ronon stopped, and cocked his head to the side three times before John realized he must be listening to something. John was impressed that Ronon could make anything out in this crowd. The entertainment district was big. All of the open air acts were musicians of one loud stripe or another, and the acts in tents had barkers bawling for the attention of passersby.

They finally stopped at a stage where about ten guys on drums were making an enormous amount of noise. Ronon pushed his way up to the front of the stage, but John stopped at the edge of the crowd. He could see Ronon clearly, since he towered over everyone.

John couldn't follow the music at all. Teyla and Rodney came up next to him. Teyla was nodding her head along. Rodney had his hands out, fingers twitching along with the drums. "I think that's 3/10 time, " he said.

John shrugged. Waltz time was a little too complicated for him, sometimes. "Teyla, is this Satedan music?" He would guess not. The drummers all had a similar look, with darker skin and hair than Ronon, and they looked skinny, despite their massive arms.

She shrugged. "The Deegli's homeworld was culled many generations ago. They make small settlements on many worlds, but they do not assimilate. Individual Deegli families move frequently between settlements.  There were probably Deegli on Sateda."

The drums' rollslowed into a soft murmur, then faded away. One of the men stood up from his drum and said, "We'll be back in about twenty minutes. Thanks for listening."

The crowd started to drift away, and John moved forward to join Ronon. "What's up?" The body language was…interesting when he walked up. Ronon was open and unguarded, but the guy he was talking to looked like he was trapped.

"I had Deegli cousins, " said Ronon. "Hoping they made it off Sateda before the culling."

"Yeah?" John didn't like the way the drummer kept snapping his fingers and looking past their shoulders. It made John wonder what he had to be twitchy about. "This guy heard of them?"

The drummer frowned. "You don't know their matra line, so it's hard to say." He waved his hand back and forth. "Dirt's just a place to make your bed. As I said, you can't find a Deeg by saying what planet he's from." He smiled suddenly, at something behind them. "Look, I can pass the word around. Give me a ring address after the show."

A woman's voice drifted up behind them. "Stars shine clear, Papa?"

John looked back to see a short, fat woman with a stringed instrument strapped to her belly making her way cautiously around Ronon. She carried two tall waxed paper cups with her, and handed one to the drummer. Her newly free hand went straight into a skirt pocket. John tried to see, but the shape her hand made in the cloth didn't reveal thim whether she was clutching at a knife or something more like a gun.

"Bright and steady, " said the drummer. He took a sip of his beverage and John saw his shoulders loosen up. His grip on his drumsticks relaxed, too. "This man, " he pointed his chin toward Ronon,