sure there will be quite a bit of people there, so it might get warm.” He reached around Kenma and pulled out a white polo. “Why don’t you wear this?”

Kenma looked at it, then looked back up at Kuroo.

“You’re right, you’re right.” He sighed, shoving it back into the closet. “You haven’t worn this since your mom bought it for you.”

Kenma crinkled his nose. “It’s kind of creepy that you know things like that.”

Kuroo leaned forward and rested his chin on Kenma’s head. “It’s not creepy.” He pouted. “I just know every little thing about you and your life.”

Kenma shook him off a clawed through the closet once more, revealing a black t-shirt. “I’ll wear this.” he said. “You should just run home and grab your clothes so we can shower together.”

“So you want to shower now?” Kuroo teased, mussing up Kenma’s blonde hair. “You want to see me naked and vulnerable right before we go somewhere public?”

“Uhh…no.” Kenma swatted at Kuroo’s hand. “I want you to wash my hair to relax me before we go.”

“Oh.” Kuroo frowned, suddenly growing worried. He knew that Kenma had recently began to have issues with anxiety, but he still wasn’t completely sure how to help him with it. He had read up on the illness, but no two cases were alike, and Kenma himself was a mystery. “We don’t have to go if it really makes you that nervous.”

Kenma pushed past him and went to his dresser, rummaging through the bottom drawer. “I’m not nervous.” He defended. “I just…need a minute to prepare before being around a bunch of people for a couple hours.”

Kuroo ran a hand through his hair. “I don’t want you to feel like I’m forcing you.”

“Please.” Kenma scoffed, pulling out different pair of jeans. “I don’t do anything I don’t want to do.” He turned to face Kuroo, pulling his hoodie over his head. “Besides, if you’re drinking, I need to babysit you, right?”

Kuroo beamed. “You really do care about me!” he wrapped Kenma in his long arms and squeezed him tightly.

Kenma’s voice was muffled against Kuroo’s body. “No, if you get caught you’ll get kicked off the volleyball team.” He pulled away. “They would fall apart without you.”

“So you’re worried about me and the entire team!” he grinned and reached out to grab Kenma again, but the younger boy evaded him quickly.

“Go get your clothes!” Kenma squealed as Kuroo grabbed at him again. “It might take hours to do your hair, so get a move on.”

Kuroo gasped, his hand flying up to his hair. “It will not take hours to do my hair!” he objected. This time, he lunged at Kenma, and they both tumbled to the ground. He began to lightly squeeze at Kenma’s sides, targeting his most sensitive and ticklish place.

“Stop!” Kenma shrieked, trying to cover his ticklish spots. Kuroo’s hand reached down and he squeezed Kenma’s thigh, right above his knee. Kenma squirmed even more, unable to contain his laughter. “Kuro, please!” he begged, tears beginning to roll down his face.

“Not until you tell me how beautiful my hair is.” Kuroo leered, digging his fingers into Kenma’s armpits.

The younger boy threw his head back and squeezed his arms shut. “Okay, okay!” he gave in, and Kuroo sat back on his knees. “Tetsurou Kuroo, you have the most beautiful hair I have ever seen. Its wildness makes it unique, and it’s super easy to find you in a crowd when we get separated.”

Kuroo grinned. “You’re really too flattering.” He stood up, grabbing Kenma’s hand to help him to his feet.

“Well, you forced me into it. It’s not like I meant it.” He wiped his face on his sleeve.

Kuroo looked down at him and frowned. “I didn’t hurt you though, did I?” he rested his hand on the side of Kenma’s face, his thumb grazing lightly over his cheekbone. “You talk so big that I forget how little you are.”

“God.” He swatted Kuroo’s hand away. “I’m not that much smaller than you.”

“I’ve got seven inches and forty pounds on you.” Kuroo reminded him, making his way to the bedroom door.

Kenma tried to think of a response, but he gave up and rolled his eyes instead.

Kuroo shot him a wink and left through the door.

 

 

  

“You can’t wear that.” Kuroo told Kenma after they both had dressed.

Kenma looked down at himself, frowning. A small V