eat, humming to himself a melody he wasn’t sure he actually knew. When he was done, he went to his room, grabbing his laptop and settling comfortably against the wall. He turned it on and checked the time on his phone. It wasn’t that late yet but it was late enough that he knew both Shigeru and Keiji would have come home from practice. When his laptop finally let him, he clicked on the Skype icon and after a moment, he could finally check his messages. He eyed the video call icon next to his boyfriends’ chat but decided to check the few other messages he had gotten first. It didn’t take him long though, and soon enough he was reading Shigeru’s and Keiji’s messages.

His lips stretched into a lazy grin when he read them. He clicked on the “join” button.

“Hey there, Shigeru, Keiji~” he greeted them, watching the images appearing on his screen. His grin widened. A soft moan and a silent whine were the first replies he got. He licked his lips and quickly grabbed his headphones laying on the bedside table.

“Took you long enough, Oikawa-san” Shigeru said, his breath short. He moaned again after that. Keiji let out a shaky chuckle.

“Always late to the party, huh?”

“But never late to miss the show!” Tooru replied. Both boys snorted.

What a show they made, though! On one side of the screen, Shigeru was on his knees, barely managing to keep himself up with one forearm so that he could see his laptop screen. His other arm was reaching out behind him for his ass, up in the air, and Tooru could see his hand move up and down as much as he could in this position. On the other side of the screen, the picture was just as breathtaking: Keiji was leaning against his headboard, smooth legs spread open for a place at the forefront of the show. He was moving one of his hands up and down his cock, pressing a little harder around the head at times. His other hand had slid lower and Tooru could watch those long fingers of his disappear inside of him.

Tooru groaned and let his own hand wander down his body before starting to palm himself through his pants. Just watching and listening to these two pleasuring themselves was enough to get him hard already. And they hadn’t even talked yet. Keiji and Shigeru were unfairly good at dirty talking.

It didn’t take much longer before he got rid of his pants and boxers and straight up went on jerking himself off.

“Eager aren’t we, Oikawa-san?” Keiji asked, teasing flowing out of his mouth. He twisted his wrist and gasped, biting down on his lower lip.

“You have no idea” Tooru replied with a sigh. The hand not on his dick went up his shirt and he rubbed his nipple between his fingers. “Didn’t I tell the both of you to call me by my first name?”

Shigeru moaned against his blanket before looking up with a grin and mischievous eyes. “I think you like it when we call you by your last name, Oikawa-senpai.” Tooru groaned. “You miss it, hm? Being called senpai? Do you want us to be your good and obedient kouhai now? Or would you rather we be the kouhai you have to punish?”

“Hmm… I think he would rather punish us, right Oikawa-senpai?” The way Keiji insisted on the honorific made Tooru feel dizzy. “After all… we have been naughty boys. Getting hot and bothered by the mere thought of him, spreading our legs and getting on all four and readying ourselves for him. Hmmm….”

“You two have such filthy mouths and I’m the one people call a perv– aahhh…” God dammit. He was already so close even though it hadn’t been that long. He would find whatever to blame later though. He tried to comfort himself with knowing neither Shigeru nor Keiji would last much longer either – though they had started before he arrived and had already had their fair share of incoming bliss. Ah well, that can’t be helped, can it?

He watched as Shigeru finally gave up on looking at the screen to use his arm to finish himself, and although he couldn’t really see anything from that angle, Shigeru’s moans were enough to tell him what he needed.

“You are so pretty like that, Shigeru… I wish I could fuck you into your mattress… You would like that, wouldn’t you?” Shigeru whimpered. Keiji and Tooru could see just how far he was gone already.

“Maybe you would want to fuck my mouth too, fuck it until my voice is almost gone for good…” They saw him shake and knew it wouldn’t take much. “You can’t choose, hmm? I understand, don’t worry. Both are really, really good.” Keiji’s voice had dropped a level and Shigeru inhaled sharply before letting out the lewdest moan either