Jongdae doesn’t count, with how enigmatic he likes to be about his sexuality. Like people have to solve a series of Egyptian riddles to figure out if he’s down to fuck.

A few more partners and two more demonstrations later, Baekhyun is face-to-face with Yixing, who gives one of his cute, dimpled smiles as he offers his hand. Baekhyun hopes to god he isn’t blushing as he smiles back. He probably is. Shit.

His hand fits into Yixing’s grasp like a puzzle piece. A sweaty, embarrassing puzzle piece. Yixing’s other hand presses against Baekhyun’s shoulder blade, applying just a hint of pressure before they begin to move. Strong. Kind of reassuring. Baekhyun’s chest feels uncomfortably warm, like it’s full of hot air. He’s glad, suddenly, that his head is pointed away from Yixing and his patient gaze.

Then Yixing says in a hushed voice, “Hey, so.”

Baekhyun flicks his gaze over briefly to show that he’s listening. They’re still on the basic step, which is mindless enough.

Yixing glances to the side. He lowers his voice even further as he asks, “What dance are we doing?”

“The… I think she called it Park Avenue?” says Baekhyun.

“No, I mean—” Yixing huffs out a laugh. “Not what step, what dance?”

Baekhyun turns to look at him. Yixing’s smile is sheepish.

“Foxtrot?” Baekhyun says slowly, not sure if he’s answering the right question.

“Oh, really?” Yixing’s dimple makes a surprise appearance as he puts on a thoughtful face. “I guess that explains a lot.” He flashes Baekhyun another bright smile. “Thanks. I would’ve asked the others, but it’s kind of embarrassing, isn’t it?”

The tingly feeling of imminent death Baekhyun usually gets when Yixing smiles at him is replaced by sheer confusion. “Are—are you okay?”

Yixing somehow leads him into a Park Avenue, despite not even knowing ten seconds ago that they were dancing the foxtrot at all. He makes the move seem so effortless, too, like he’s been doing this for years already. Maybe he has some background in dance. Like Jongin, the flawless ballerina, or Jimin, who’s competed internationally and is only taking the class for the credits.

“Hm? I’m fine,” he says pleasantly. “I just don’t know the name for a lot of the things we do.”

More curious than concerned at this point, Baekhyun asks, “How come?”

“It doesn’t really seem important.” Yixing looks over at Baekhyun’s arm, bent into a perfect L so his hand can connect with Yixing’s. “Your frame’s gotten really good. It’s easy to move you around.”

“Thanks.” Baekhyun beams. Before his brain catches up to his mouth, he says, “I like to make a point of being easy.” His eyes go wide with mortification. “To, uh—to lead, I mean. Easy to lead.” He lets out a high, nervous laugh, quickly turning his head back to the left and trying to ignore the embarrassed flush spreading over his face.

Yixing snort-laughs but doesn’t say anything. They keep dancing a little while longer, Baekhyun trying not to trip over his feet in his embarrassment. When the music stops—the cue to change partners— their arms fall to their sides. Baekhyun hesitates, rocking back on his heels.

“Why’d you ask about the name of the dance, anyway?” he asks. “If it’s not important, I mean.”

“We have to start getting ready for the final soon,” says Yixing. “I figured I should learn the names of the dances so I know which one I’m choosing.”

The final. God, Baekhyun had forgotten about that. Maybe intentionally.

The first half of term is dedicated to dancing with different people and learning some basic steps from the main dances they’re studying—waltz, foxtrot, cha-cha, swing, salsa, tango. For the second half, they have to choose one partner and one dance to focus on, pick a song, and choreograph a dance to perform in front of everyone on the final day of class. But you know. No pressure.

It wouldn’t be a problem for Baekhyun, if not for the fact that Jongdae already has his eyes on someone for his own partner because he’s a traitorous shit. And past that, the only person Baekhyun really wants to dance with is… well.

“Ah, yeah. Makes sense.” He starts to step slowly back, in the general direction of the next lead. Junmyeon, he thinks. “Well—good luck.”

“You too,” Yixing says with one of his charming little smiles.

Terrible. Baekhyun should never have signed up for this class.

 

--

 

“I hate the tango,” Baekhyun mutters.

“Really