died, trying to protect me.  They’re failing.  

Even though the Holodeck safeties are on, I feel a sense of danger.  Warriors are roaring, in Klingon I note, the sound of clashing metal fills the air.  This battle is to the death.  But not for me.  

My protectors fall one by one.  Enemy warriors seize me.  But they want me alive.  

As their prisoner, they take me with them.  It’s a long journey to their home, where their master awaits.  

The air is putrid and the high humidity makes me sweat.  I’m grateful when I see we’ve arrived at a river we have to pass.  There is no bridge, we’ll have to wade through.  

Just before I set foot in the water, something happens.  Suddenly the warriors are shouting.  I hear the sound of metal finding its way into flesh and subsequent roars of fury.  And all the big and formidable warriors around me sink to the ground one by one.  Their blood turns the water of the river into a deep red.

In the setting sun, I can see the shape of one warrior left standing.  Although I can’t see her face very well, I know this is M’Nea.  She approaches me and lifts her mek’leth, ready to finish the slaughter.  I’m defenseless as I’ve lost my own knife.  I cower a bit, not in surrender, but rather in a last chance to save my life. 

I know M’Nea is fierce.  She wants to escape the tyranny of her master to whom she was sold as a slave a long time ago.  I heard the rumors on how she trained herself to become one of the best female warriors so that her master would be a fool not to let her join his army.  And today, after the battle that led to my capture, she has decided that the time has come for her to escape his domination.  

She intends to kill me too, because she knows it will anger him.  Her dagger is raised, angled directly at my heart.  But something makes her hesitate.  

I stay still, waiting, still on guard.  Then she throws her weapon aside and grabs me by my torn and tattered clothes.  Her eyes lock on to mine as if she’s trying to figure out why she hasn’t killed me yet.  

I’m breathing heavily, but I keep my gaze firmly transfixed on hers.
I know this story.  I know what’s coming and I’m ready for it.  More than ready.  

Still it comes as a surprise when her mouth is suddenly on mine.  Although I assume that by Klingon standards her touch is soft, it’s still quite brusque and rough to my liking.  She is voracious though and I have to admit it’s not entirely unpleasant to feel her hands sliding over my body.  

My breath hitches pleasantly in my throat when her hand palms my breast.  But I groan in discomfort when she subsequently squeezes it too hard by human standards.  

“Oh boy.”  I exhale softly, wondering if my need for an amorous escapade will really be satisfied in this way.  I’m into it, up to a certain degree, but if I’m really honest with myself I have to admit it’s all just a little too much.  A little too bloody, a little too hot and humid, a little too rough, a little too… Klingon.  

When M’Nea starts biting my earlobe –also a little too hard for the record–, I quickly urge the Computer to pause the program.  

I take a step back and look at the Klingon woman in front of me.
She doesn’t look at all like the woman I had imagined.  

I sigh and purse my lips.  This isn’t going to work for me.  I bend forward and place a kiss on her ridged forehead.  “You’re not my M’Nea.”  I whisper.  Then I order the computer to end the program and feel my familiar uniform materialize around my body again as all things Klingon around me disappear.

~

I’m waiting for the turbolift on my way to the weekly staff meeting in the Briefing Room.  

The lift arrives and the doors open, revealing B’Elanna Torres already inside.
We greet each other friendly.

“Did you enjoy the holonovel?”  B’Elanna asks casually when the lift starts moving. 

I tilt my head when I look at her. “Actually... I preferred the book.”  I answer honestly.
At her questioning glance I elaborate.  “The holonovel was a little too... Klingon for my
tastes.” 

I see her brow furrow and wonder if I’ve offended her with that statement.  I certainly
didn’t intend to.  “All the violence and the fighting is a bit much for my frail human
constitution.”  I add lightly. 

She smirks and I know she doesn’t mind my comment.
“Klingons can be a little vigorous.” She offers with a grin. 

“My Victorian holonovel is positively dull by comparison though.”  I concede conspiratorially.
When I ran my novel