starts his spiel. If you held a gun to her head, Dina could not tell you a word of what he said that morning. The rest of the service is a blur as she makes a game of making Cas blush. It's obvious she's trying to keep from looking at her but sooner or later.. she ends up giving in. And Dina's always licking her lips or playing with her ponytail or smirking with as much heat as she can muster. It makes Cas worry her lip and shake her head in admonishment but grin a little. It feels like they're sharing a secret.

A dark-haired girl beside her says something in her ear. Cas nods and after that makes sure not to look Dina's way again, but presses her lips like she's fighting to keep her face blank. It makes Dina satisfied to know it's because she's watching her.

During the last half hour, they all get up to sing the same closing hymns they do every Sunday. Cas smiles around each note and Dina sings too this time, not just waiting for the song to end like normal. She can feel Charlie watching her but she ignores it. That'll be a conversation to worry about later.

When the pastor says his parting words and it's time for the choir to leave, it's obvious that Cas forgets to get up until that same girl next to her pokes her in the side. Then she hops up almost too quickly and steps down to lead the line out their door.

Who was that chick next to her? Poking her. It irritates Dina, vaguely. She was just another girl that blended in with the rest of the girls.. like Cas until that day she noticed her watching.

"Am I allowed to talk now?" Charlie asks when everyone's dismissed.

"Knock yourself out," Dina says but walks away and into the mass of girls shuffling out.

Outside, Dina goes around to the back of the sanctuary and waits. A few minutes later, all the choir girls come out without their robes on. She stands just next to the door while they all walk out. When she sees Cas walk past her, she hooks her hand around her upper arm and pulls her out of line to the otherside of the building. It faces a woodsy area and gives them a little privacy.

"Hey." She smirks at her.

"Hello, Dina," Cas says, a little breathily. Dina leans her right arm from elbow to wrist against the wall next to her and hooks a dark chunk of hair over her ear. Purple studs match the purple Barrett that match the knee-length purple plaid skirt. A long sleeved black button up blouse and black stockings complete her look this morning. Cas stares ahead at her, waiting for her eyes to climb back up to meet hers.

"Are you done?" She blushes prettily but doesn't sound over anxious like she sometimes did.

"Just about," Dina says lingering over her hips purposely. "God, you and plaid skirts."

"What do you mean? You.. you don't like them?"

Dina raises her eyes heavenward but simply says "No. I like them too much."

"Oh," Cas blinks, understanding all at once.

"We need to get you a tie," Dina says nodding to herself.

"A tie? Like a men's tie?"

Dina smiles in confirmation.

"Why?"

"Because it's hot. C'mon.. Girls in ties." Dina purses her lips, considering. "Maybe a blue one to match your eyes."

"And you would find that.. " She seems to stumble over the word.

"Fucking hot," Dina says it slowly staring right into her eyes and loving the way they widen just a little bit when she curses. "And I mean, you already got the naughty school girl thing going."

"I do not." Cas straightens her back but Dina just continues.

"Besides if you had a tie, I could play with it."

"Um.. Play with it?"

Dina lowers her eyes and hovers a hand just above her collar then down and touches the button there in the between her curvy breasts. Cas breathes shallowly looking down too and darting her eyes back up.

"You know, while we're talking like this. I could rub it between my fingers or.. Pull you close by it."

"And why would you do that?" Cas sounds entranced.

Dina smirks and teases out the moment. "Mmm.. I don't know, Cas.." She strokes a finger over the hollow of her neck where her collar is open then down to that same button again. "Maybe so I could bring your sweet little mou-"

"Cas?"

Cas jumps and knocks her head against the wall behind her.

"Whoa, you ok?" Dina cups the back of her head and rubs it but Cas is stepping away and staring at an approaching girl. Dina turns and sees it's the same one who poked her.

"Oh um Dina.. this is Meg