.”

“Sounds brill.” Liam adds as he turns the page.

“Brill’s my middle name.” Louis shrugs, sliding the straps of his bag over his shoulder. 

“It’s fucking William, you ass.” 

“Ugh, I was being sarcastic! Eat a dick, Liam.” Louis calls, full volume might he add, over his shoulder. Three librarians shush him on his way out. It’s a new record. Today’s a great fucking day. 

--Harry’s waiting for him outside, foot impatiently tapping. He looks so wired, like he’s ready to jump out of his skin at any minute. Honestly though, Louis feels the same. He just wants to fucking touch. He just wants to be touched. 

Harry lights up when he sees Louis, almost faceplanting as he races towards him. 

“What took you so long?” Harry breathes, hitching his own bag up higher on his shoulder. 

“Calm down, tiger.” Louis laughs. He feels like a hypocrite, though. Inside he feels the same. It’s like an itch he is dying to scratch. He can’t wait to get his hands on Harry. Nor can he wait to feel Harry’s hands on him. In him.

“Fuck off.” Harry laughs, giant hand and long fingers wrapping around Louis’ wrist. 

“Mine or yours?” 

“Yours, please? There’s no way I could hide the stench of sex from Z.” 

“Yeah, c’mon. Let’s hope my roommate’s gone.” 

--They’re lucky because his roommate is gone. Harry takes extra precaution anyway, locking the door, texting his roommate to stay gone, and sticking a sock on the handle. It’s clichè and Louis makes fun of him, but he weirdly loves it, appreciates that Harry is being so considerate. It’s fucking sweet. 

Things get less than sweet in a matter of seconds. It’s like they both remember what the hell they are here for. Louis catches a glimpse of Harry’s hands, feels his fingers press into his hips, and everything gets fuzzy after that. Louis’ skin feels like it’s on fire and his brain feels like it’s going to fucking melt and leak out his ears, possibly his eyes. 

He pulls Harry even closer to him, digs his fingers into the small of Harry’s back as Harry’s fingers slide into the pockets of his jeans, groping at his arse. Louis pushes back into them and Harry smiles against Louis’ lips. 

“Bed, yeah?” Harry nips at Louis’ bottom lip and squeezes his arse once more for good measure before yanking Louis over to the bed. 

He unbuttons Louis’ jeans and shoves them down his thighs. Louis kicks them the rest of the way off and then tears off his shirt while Harry works on his own, leaving him in his tiny little pair of bright purple briefs. Louis snorts at them and Harry scowls as he takes off his own shirt. 

“Just playing, pal.” Louis assures with a giggle. 

Harry open his mouth to respond, but loses his words completely when Louis flops back on the tiny bed and spreads his legs. 

Harry’s eyes get impossibly darker and he licks at his lips, kneeling on the side of the bed and crawling between them.

“Gorgeous.” He whispers, leaning down and kissing at Louis’ hip. He feels his tummy quiver, the muscles jumping as Harry nuzzles across them, placing hot, open mouthed kisses on the skin. 

“Haz.” Louis whines. He doesn’t want teasing. He wants it now. He wants it all now. “Come on, please. Please, I want it so bad. Want you so bad.”

“What made you want this?” Harry asks, purely out of curiosity. He thumbs at the band of Louis’ briefs, snapping it before kissing the skin. 

Louis feels his face heat, a blush probably spreading all the way down to his chest. He’s sort of embarrassed to tell Harry he is very fucking attracted to his fingers. Isn’t that kind of weird? 

“I uh…” He stutters because Harry starts nosing at the outline of his cock, licking at the head, making the fabric of his briefs even damper. 

“Fuck.” He curses. 

“C’mon. Focus, Gorgeous. Answer me.” Harry demands, teeth grazing slightly along the outline of Louis’ cock. It’s all fucking with his head. How does Harry expect him to answer? His brain is melting. 

“Just saw you. Looked so good.” Louis finally spits out. “Just wanted you so bad. Want you so bad.” 

“Yeah?” Harry asks, sitting back and sliding his hands up Louis’ thighs. Louis can feel goosebumps fall in his path. He nods in confirmation and Harry leans up to give him a bruising kiss. 

“Let’s get this off, yeah, baby?” 

Louis groans at the nickname, nodding furiously as Harry’s thumbs dip into the