in. He flies to the airport, parking quickly and getting a trolley to put their bags in. He is looking at the flight schedules for a flight that takes them half way around the world and is relatively soon.

Louis, after huffing and puffing to keep pace with his lover, finally gets fed up and shoves him into one of the bathrooms, locking the door behind them. "What's going on Liam? You're actually scaring me."

Grunting, Liam looks at Louis confused. He’s about to say something but then catches Louis’ expression and thinks better of it. He sighs in defeat. “I promise to tell you everything, but not here. On the plane, while we’re in the air.” He begs.

Searching his eyes, the older man nods once and turns to leave. He waits till Liam is walking next to him before slotting his hand into the younger man's. "So long as you aren't about to chop me into little bits" he says casually to his lover, grin peeking across his lips.

“Never, I enjoy your whole body too much.” Liam manages a wink before guiding them to the counter to buy their tickets to some remote island in the Caribbean.

It seems like no time at all before they're boarding the plane and seated. "I do hope they have those mini bottles of vodka, I'm sure I'm about to need them." Louis hates to admit it, but he does not do air travel very well. At least during the takeoff and landing anyways.

“You can’t drink if you’ve taken your meds,” Liam reminds him. He lets Louis have the window seat as they settle in for the flight. They’re not even five minutes in when Louis turns to him, expecting answer. Liam sighs, turning to face his lover. “I’m Liam Payne, of the Payne industries in London.” He starts off by saying.

Eyebrows already raised in wait for an answer, nearly jump off his face as they arch higher at rocket speeds at the recognizable name. His mouth parts into an 'o'. When he finally finds some voice, he wobbles out a "continue".

Liam rubs the back of his neck as he continues, “My life is all set before me. I am to take a position in the company so that whenever my father retires, I will take his place. I have the perfect house, the perfect car, I even had the girl.” He pauses to look over at Louis. “I tried really hard to enjoy that life, I did, but I just felt trapped. Alone. Danielle was amazing, she’s a good girl, but I wasn’t asked what I wanted, I was sort of thrown into it. All of a sudden I was being asked to sample wedding cakes and what color the invitations should be. On top of that, I had huge responsibilities to a company I wanted no part in. So I left. Came to Australia where no one would know me and tried starting a new life.”

Seeing the sadness on Liam's face and hearing it in his voice has Louis trapping one of the younger man's hand's with his own. He still feels a bit lied to; doesn't understand why Liam didn't feel like he could tell him this before. "I'm guessing someone found you." It is not a question. Louis looks into his lover's eyes. "And that's the reason for all this" he waves a hand airily around the cabin. Rubbing his face tiredly with his one free hand, the injured man leans into Liam's space. "I'm not happy with all the 'spring it on Louis at the last minute while someone is out to get us feelings', but I love you, and that's all I need."

“I’m sorry; I really wanted to tell you. I almost did once, but you and your stupid grin distracted me. I should have told you sooner, but I’d thought we’d have more time. I didn’t realize that my family was actually looking for me still.” He sighs, “Forgive me?” he pouts at his lover.

"Oh gads, again with the puppy eyes? Yes! Yes! I forgive you; just put them away" he laughs. Everything is not right between them, but they can definitely work on it. Louis leans in for a kiss, feeling better as Liam's lips touch his.

Liam chuckles, kissing his lover and squeezing his hand. Of course there is a lot more to discuss, but he’s glad that Louis understands. He sits back in his seat and relaxes into the plane ride.

Louis is asleep by the time their plane is descending. Between the stress and his pain meds, he didn't even wake as they hit the tarmac. Liam waves away one stewardess who asked if he needed help. The older man was easy enough to rouse, but