it. I also found that there’s a restaurant nearby.” Victor nearly dragged him over to a restaurant that serves the famous dish. He hoped this would help him last through this terrible day. 


 


When the dish was served, Victor took a picture of it for Instagram titling it as, ‘

My very own delicious katsudon… #GoodbyeAmerica #GoodbyeMyKatsudon

’. Christophe looked at him and sighed. “What, are you a teenager? Honestly Victor... If you’re 

that 

sad, why not just ask his friend Phichit for his phone number?” 


 


Victor looked up from the screen of his phone. “What are you talking about? I don’t have his number. I don’t even have Yuuri’s number.” 


 


“No? Well, I have Phichit’s number.” 


 


Victor nearly slammed his hands down on the table. “Give it to me.” 


 


___


 


Phichit screamed from the bathroom, Yuuri remained on his bed with his laptop in his lap obviously used to the sudden noises coming from his younger friend. The bathroom door slammed open and Yuuri looked up from his glasses that slipped down his nose. “Yuuri!! Oh. My. God.” 


 


“Why are you always so extra, Phichit?”


 


“Shut up, you love me. Anyways! Did you see Victor’s recent post ten minutes ago?” 


 


“I’m kinda in the middle of my essay. I can’t… I can’t just stop everything to stalk him.”  Yuuri blushed heavily and looked down at his essay once again. What happened last night still played through his head, though some of it was blurry from the champagne he drank. But he got to touch Victor, to breathe in his scent. It was so hard to remain quiet the night before as his friend who was very near could wake up at any time to find him jacking off. 


 


“Okay, well, stop what you’re doing for two seconds and look at this.” Phichit pushed over Yuuri’s laptop and shoved his phone in his best friend’s face. 


 


“What am I looking at? Katsudon? It looks good…”


 


“This is Victor’s post. Read the caption!” 


 


“‘

My very own delicious katsudon… #GoodbyeAmerica #GoodbyeMyKatsudon

’... Okay, so?”


 


“Yuuri, don’t you think this is an outcry to you? I mean, think about it. Two nights ago, you were drunk dry humping him. His face was just sooooo… Well, you’ve seen the pictures--” 


 


“Delete them.” 


 


Phichit chose to ignore him. “And 

theeeeeeeen

 he asked for a private dance from you! You enraptured his heart! You, Katsuki Yuuri, stole Victor Nikiforov’s heart! Look at this cry out for you! Call him up!” 


 


“I don’t have his number Phichit! B-Besides! That’s the stripper me, not actual me that he’s interested in…” 


 


“God, can you be anymore depressing?” He flopped down on his best friend’s bed, making it bounce. 


 


“Yes I can. That, I can do.” He grinned and pushed Phichit with his feet. “Now get off and let me do my homework.” Phichit grabbed his foot and started to tickle it, Yuuri howled with laughter. “P-Phichit! Stop!” Yuuri tried to pull his leg free, laughing loudly as his friend continued to tickle his feet. “Stop! I-I’m gonna pee--” And luckily, Yuuri was saved by a phone call on Phichit’s phone. 


 


“Oh! What a surprise!” Yuuri looked at his friend, waiting for the explanation. Phichit answered the phone. “Phichit at your service~!” Yuuri sat up, crossing his legs 
again
 and reaching for his laptop once while his friend continued to talk on the phone. “Oh? Yuuri is right here, would you like to talk to him?” 


 


Yuuri stopped what he was doing and raised an eyebrow. Phichit handed him the phone and winked. “It’s for youuuuu~.” Yuuri gently took the phone and put it to his ear. 


 


“He-Hello?” A thick, familiar, Russian accent came through and it caught him by surprise. 


 


“Yuuri… Right?”


 


“V-Victor! What-- Why--” 


 


The voice sighed. “Thank God it’s you. I know that voice already.” 


 


Yuuri blushed heavily. “Why are you calling me…?”


 


There was a pause, and Yuuri’s heart started to beat faster. Why was he calling him? He’s not drunk enough for this, he’s definitely going to mess this up for sure. “O-Okay! I’ll hang up now, thanks for calling!” 


 


“Wait, wait wait. No. I just wanted to hear your voice… I’m leaving America in the next three hours… and I was hoping to maybe see you one last time.” 


 


“S-See me? Why? I-I mean, no. You can’t.” He started to panic, wanting to hang up, but his palms were sweaty and his mouth