questions?" no hands were up "good, well the animals

will be based by your personality and the size they show will always be that size it won't grow bigger or smaller, I will call your name up and you will come and drink the

potion" Professor McGonagall got out the potions and called out the first name. "Hermione Granger" Hermione looked at Harry and Ron as they gave her an encouraging

nod, Hermione smiled and walked up to the front and accepted the potion and swallowing the whole thing grimacing at the taste, suddenly a bright wisp circled her on top

of her head forming a Beautiful middle sized Brown spotted owl with bright brown eyes.

"Wonderful Ms. Granger the owl fits you perfectly, holds wisdom and knowledge like no other and can see through a mask finding if someone especially a friend is hurt"

"Thank you" replied Hermione going back to her seat smiling"

"Good animal it's pretty obvious you would get an owl" Ron said, while the Professor called on other names.

"Yea Hermione the owl fits you great" Harry added

"Thanks guys"

"Ronald Weasley" Professor McGonagall called

"Well here it goes" Ron muttered

"Good luck mate" Harry told him as he went to the front of the room. Ron took a deep breath and gulped down the potion, just like Hermione and the others a white mist

rose around his head forming a big flaming orange manned lion.

"Well Mr. Weasley a lion represents strength and power it is also aggressive so it is a fine fit for you" Ron nodded going back to his desk

"Wow Ron I was not expecting that at all" Hermione replied looking kind of shocked, Harry nodded

"I know it's great really" Ron replied A proud smile on his face

"Well good job Ron" Harry patted him on the back

"Thanks mate, so what do you think you'll get?" asked Ron

"I'm not sure"

"Well your about to find out" Hermione answered

"Harry Potter" Harry got up he could feel his nervousness Hermione and Ron gave him an encouraging smile, Harry smiled back and went up to the front downing the

horrible tasting potion in a gulp to see a quit small black fox with green eyes and white rose on the bottom of a paw.

"Well Mr. Potter I couldn't think of a better animal then a fox for you cunning and swift in tricky situation, a fox fits you quite well."

Harry nodded and went back to his seat.

"Well-"Ron started

"Oh Harry you're so cute and small"

"I know" Harry sighed

"It's not that bad Harry and it does fit your personality" Ron exclaimed

"Yea I guess your right"

"Okay class I want a 2 feet report about your animal due tomorrow class dismissed" Everyone groaned

"She even finds a way to give us homework when we barely did any work" Ron grumbled

"Don't complain Ronald we'll learn more about are animal more" Hermione argued

Ron snorted  "Hermione even if this wasn't homework you still will research about your animal" as the two argued Harry thought about his animal I wonder what animal

Draco got he thought before following his two bickering friends out of the classroom.

 

Harry wasn't able to sneak and see Draco the whole day since Hermione and Ron seem to be glued to his side, which was annoying Harry greatly getting the urge just to tell

them his secret and go. "Harry come on we'll be late for dinner" Hermione pestered as they pulled him toward the great hall.

"You guys i'm not hungry okay" Harry yanked from their grip "i'm going to the common room" and he stormed away his hair swishing back and forth, leaving a very shocked

Hermione and confused Ron.

"Somethings definitely off" Hermione explained as they walked toward the great hall.

"yea he wouldn't lose his temper just for making him go to dinner" Ron replied and sat down but didn't eat neither did Hermione.  Hermione leaned forward so Ginny and the

twins could hear,

"Guys tonight were going to follow Harry and figure out whats wrong maybe its something bad or..." she started to panic Harry was her little brother and she was so worried.

"Hermione calm down" Ginny soothed

"yea Hermione" Fred replied "we'll find out today okay. Harry is are little brother as well and we'll find out and I know it wont be something bad okay"  Hermione sniffled 

"Okay, thanks guys" 

"No problem"

"Okay so here's the plan" George started, for the whole dinner they planned how the were going to follow Harry unnoticed. 

"Hope this works" Ron ended as everyone left the great hall.

"Ron do you have the map" Ginny whispered as everyone met in the common room

"Yea took it when Harry wasn't noticing" Ron grinned  

"Okay lets go" Hermione said already walking toward the hall

"wait are you sure this is ok" said Fred unsure everyone stared at him shocked that