On the other hand, he might be the only one up at this hour," he said. He looked at the time and was surprised. The numbers on his phone showing 02.37. "I didn't know it was that much already."
He let out a shocked scream as the first lighting hit the ground with a crash, another following close behind. The night of terror had begun.

He fumbled with his phone as he tried to press the 'call' button, but Kageyama had him beat, as a green and a red button glowed bright on the screen, Kageyama Tobio written above. Hinata quickly pressed the green button, answering the call with a shaky voice.

"H-hey Kageyama."

"Oi, Hinata. Are you all right? The storm's pretty bad, should I come over?" He heard Kageyama ask from the other end.

"Please do. I don't like to be alone with this. Hurry up!" Hinata screamed as another flash of lightning came, followed by a loud roar.

"I'm on my way, where are you?" Kageyama said with a serious tone.
"I-I'm in my bedroom, please be here already, I'm scared!" Hinata whimpered, shrieking as yet another flash came upon the sky.

"Don't die, I'll be there in less than 5 minutes," Kageyama yelled and ended the call. Hinata had wanted him to stay on the other end, but Kageyama never used his phone while driving.

The following few minutes seemed like hours, as Hinata kept sobbing beneath the covers on his bed. He didn’t dare to leave and open the door, when the doorbell rang, but he didn’t have to either, as Kageyama let himself in, walking straight for the bedroom in which Hinata had hidden himself.

“Hinata! You aren’t dead, right? I’m coming in,” Kageyama said, turning the doorknob and finding Hinata looking out from beneath the covers. His figure was shaking as a yelp escaped from his lips at the sound of a lightning striking just outside. Kageyama rushed to the bed and climbed in, holding Hinata in his arms with a firm grip, while gently stroking his back to calm him down. His voice was hushed, as he uttered soothing words and promised to keep the smaller male safe from the storm raging outside the windows, lightning striking the ground.
After a couple of minutes, Hinata stopped shaking and placed his arms around Kageyama in a hug.

“Thank you so much, Kageyama,” he whispered, holding on to the bigger male, “thank you so much for always being there for me. Even though we didn’t get along that well, when we first met. But I have grown to like you. I think about all the times you passed the ball to me in high school for that super amazing spike, and how we competed in everything, from schoolwork to volleyball. I think about you all the time, and I don’t know why. But it’s not like I dislike thinking about you. It actually makes me happy when I do. I like thinking about your perfect eyes, even though they can creep me out sometimes, I like thinking about your confident expression, when you think we’re gonna win the game, I like thinking about your proud smile, when you make a perfect ball. I just like thinking about you, it makes me feel good, but it also makes me miss you. I miss you so much, so thank you for coming. I really like you, Kageyama,” Hinata said, becoming red all across his face, as the words fell from his lips. He didn’t dare look up from Kageyama’s shirt, in which he had buried his face during his little speech.

“I like you too,” Kageyama answered in a low voice, “you can get on my nerves with your hyperactive behavior, but that’s just a thing that makes me like you even more. I like the stupid face you make, when the ball hits your hand perfectly and you score a point, I like your stupid hair, that’s always waving when you jump to spike the ball, I like your stupid eyes, when they look at me, I like your voice when you excitedly talk about something, that you’re interested in. Especially when you’re talking about volleyball and explaining our combo to someone else. I just really like you, and I’m glad, that you like me too.”

Hinata didn’t know what to say, but instead hugged Kageyama even tighter, having completely forgotten the raging storm outside. He lifted his head to look at the other male, who in return gave him a small smile.

“I’m really happy to hear you say that,” Hinata said, burying his face in the crook of Kageyama’s neck.

“I’m really happy to say it,” Kageyama answered, “it’s been a pain to keep it in for so long. I didn’t