information on the Galra. Their species originated in the southernmost point of the world, so it was much to cold to even try to study them.

 

Lance frowned a bit, humming softly in thought. “Have you tried asking Pidge? I’m sure they’ll know where some books are tucked away. They basically live in the library.” Pidge was their highest leveled scholar, despite being younger than Lance. They were brilliant, and has assisted Allura on many war decisions as well as anything to do with the kingdom. They were also excellent at teaching Lance, basically the only person that can tell him something and have him absorb the information.

 

Allura shakes her head, shoulders falling. “They’ve been so invested in the disappearance of their brother that I felt it wrong to interrupt them.”

 

“Allura,” Lance started gently. “I know you don’t want to, but you need to ask Pidge for help. The sooner you ask them, the sooner they can help you and return to their own devices.”

 

His sister hesitated for a moment before sighing and nodding, letting her defenses down easily. “As soon as I’m done with this book, I will.”

 

“And after you take a break. Go to the kitchens when you’re done, Hunk always has some fresh bread waiting for us,” Lance says easily, an encouraging smile on his face. His sister smiled at him, and after a brief hug he left the library, sighing some as the large doors shut silently behind him.

 

What to do, what to do. Hunk is probably busy with lunch duties, Pidge and Allura are obvious no-gos, and Coran would probably make him clean somethings, so he fit right in the Pidge and Allura category. Richie though, Richie was always free. He smiled to himself, dashing down a flight of stairs and out to the stables, cape flying up behind him as he ran up to his horse. Richie is a purebred Clydesdale, donning a thick brown coat and a smooth mane, usually in braids via Lance’s boredom.

 

“Hey there handsome,” Lance purrs, rubbing his hands up the white strip on Richie’s muzzle. He loves this horse like he would his own child, and trusts him with his life. “Wanna go stretch those legs of yours? A good run will do you well.” After getting a snort of what Lance wanted to assume was agreement, he grabbed the gorgeous bridle and slipped it on, slipping the bit into his mouth then leading him out by his reins and saddling him up. After a good minute of making sure every strap was in place as their now elderly farm hand had taught him, he put his left foot in the stirrup and pulled himself up. It used to be terribly difficult for him, but now he could probably get onto the large horse bareback without much trouble.

 

He made a clicking noise and tapped Richie’s sides, smiling as his horse trotted to the already open gates; the knights and farm hands always trusted Lance to come back safely, even if he occasionally raised eyebrows. From there on, he and Richie broke into a full gallop, the prince cheering as they ran through the dry grass surrounding their village.

 

Riding a horse was sometimes difficult to explain. It gave you a sense of freedom and control, and the bond between you and your horse always grew exponentially when time was taken to just let loose and put trust in one another.

 

They went for what must've been miles, Richie slowing down to a trot then to a walk as they reached the edges of their city, farmers tipping their hats and waving to the Prince as he passed their homes and barns. He neared the forest, hopping from his horse as they entered the dense foliage in search of a ravine. He knew one ran through here… Aha!

 

A clear, wiry stream ran through their path, to which Richie went towards immediately, sticking his mouth in and drinking his fill. Lance knelt and let his fingers run along the moving surface of the water, a soft smile on his face. His Father always said that Lance was just made for water, even if the closest ocean was miles and miles away; Lance hadn’t even seen the ocean yet he craved it, and he supposed that any nearby lakes or rivers were his closest chance to seeing one; as a Prince, he wasn’t quite able to travel around like his sister has been able to. The ocean was rather far away, and anything could happen to him on that journey.

 

With a sigh, he let his fingers run over the water for a while longer before Richie made a rather concerned noise behind him. Lance stood, hand gently patting his horse’s neck while looking around. All he saw was a flicker of movement, but it was enough for Lance’s instincts to tell him to run. He hopped onto Richie with ease, kicking his sides and trying to dodge the branches that flew into his face as his horse raced out of the forest, kicking up leaves and dust in his path. Once in the