Teshima had notes, lots of notes, and he didn’t just have notes, he’d studied and memorized them, there was no way this night could possibly go wrong. He’d planned this date night down to the minute it was going to be perfect. He was absolutely certain he’d accounted for everything. He was absolutely certain that is until he got to Aoyagi’s house and found him glaring and mumbling curses at his bike.

 “Hajime?” Teshima leaned his bike on the fence. As he took the handful of steps from there to Aoyagi he could see what was wrong, both of Aoyagi’s tires were flat. “Did they-”

Aoyagi frowned up at him before looking back and nudging the back tire with his toe. “Won’t hold.”

“Damn. Both of them?” Teshima ran a hand through his hair which promptly started to frizz. Without their bikes he wasn’t sure if they’d make it to the restaurant on time and if they didn’t they might have to wait for ages for a table and oh boy Aoyagi was starting at him like he’d missed something obvious. “Sorry…”

“Junta, we can bus.” Aoyagi said with a small warm smile on his face.

“Yeah, yeah its fine busing is almost as fast anyway.” Teshima nodded going to retrieve his bike. “You’re right, we can leave these here.”

Which would have been the perfect solution except that then the bus was late, and someone needed to get off at every stop, and then the restaurant was packed and they’d missed the reservation Teshima had made. Then Aoyagi’s hand was on Teshima’s arm and he looked over to see Aoyagi giving him that soft smile that he only ever had for him and Teshima could breathe again. They stepped back out of the restaurant and Teshima remembered his backup plans.

“You’re right, it’s fine it happens.” Teshima nodded as Aoyagi’s hand slipped from his arm down to holding his hand. “We can just grab something quick on our way to karaoke.”

“!” Aoyagi nodded.

In the end they got something from a takeout place not far from the restaurant and ate it as they walked. As they hadn’t ended up sitting at the restaurant they had plenty of time to wander along the streets to the karaoke place they usually went to. Everything seemed to be back on track but as they neared the karaoke place Teshima started to get a sinking feeling in his stomach as he noticed the lack of it’s usual signage. When they near enough to see the Closed For Renovations sign on the door Teshima deeply regretted not calling ahead, he’d just assumed it would be open, it was always open.

“Gods this is a mess.” Teshima ran his free hand through his hair for what felt like the hundredth time that night.

“Junta?” Aoyagi frowned slightly and Teshima realized he was tugging on his hair.

“I just, this night was supposed to go so well. I had it all planned out.”  Teshima forced his hand away from his hair and dropped onto a nearby bench. Aoyagi sat in the empty space beside him, somehow managing to keep a hold on Teshima’s hand. Teshima stared up at the stars above them as he spoke. “We were going to go eat at your favourite place and then have a romantic walk over here and I’d sing all your favourite songs and then I was going to tell you how consistently wonderful you are and that you’ve made everything better ever since I met you, and how we make the best team and-”

“Junta.” Aoyagi was holding both of his wrists when Teshima looked back at him. “I love you too.”

“I, yeah, yeah that.” Teshima twisted one of his hands, the one that had always worn his ‘certain’ glove on, so that he and Aoyagi were holding hands again. As Aoyagi dropped his other wrist he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small box holding it towards Aoyagi. “This is entirely not how I planned this but Hajime Aoyagi I love you, you’re the moon to my stars, I’d be honoured if you would be willing to make our team of two a more permanent sort of -”

“Yes.” Aoyagi cut him off, which was honestly probably for the best. “Yes Junta.”

“I love you.” Teshima breathed the words, part of him amazed Aoyagi had said yes after their disaster of a date but mostly he felt like something in him had settled into place. The Aoyagi leaned forward to kiss him and Teshima’s introspection was cut off by a wave of happiness that left him giddy. 