and lays them on the bed. Sometimes he wears her cardigans, the sleeves soft, beautiful, and too long. Sometimes he just inspects them, the fabric, the cuts, the embroidery, the seams, and the way they hang about the mannequin she kept in the closet.

 

He slides into the gazar one-seam gown—his favorite—and hums as he sits once more on her chair in front of the large mirror, sprays perfume to the rhythm of the song he's just invented—his Papa's said he's a prodigious musician. The deep red lipstick bar slides along his lips smoothly, it tastes strange but not unwelcome. Shuu has seen women on film apply mascara but finds the precision of movements needed to accomplish the task too daunting. Smears of black around the corner of his eye attest to his failure. He'll learn in time, he knows. For now he twirls around the room once or twice. He twirls his fingers around the long cord of the telephone pretending to call someone who's always on the other end of the line willing to listen to what he has to say, silently encouraging him to share his innermost thoughts, his dreams, his ambitions.

 

When he's bored he slides out of the dress and places it inside the plastic cover that protects it from time. He returns her jewelry to their place on the boudoir, and his new found treasures to theirs inside his pockets. He places the lid back on the perfume bottle and closes the drawers that keep her hairbrush—mother of pearl handle engraved with her initials, a present from her brother on her birthday—and her make up. Distractedly he rubs the lipstick off his lips with the back of his right hand and stares at the red smudge left there for a second too long. He looks up at the mirror and his lips are still as red as before, and so are the corners of his mouth, his chin, his upper lip, as if he's had a bloody nose—he's never but one of his classmates did in first grade.

It's then that he wonders what she looked like.

What she may have looked like outside of pictures she posed for. With her hair undone and messy and a crooked, lazy smile, her make up running, blood dripping off the corners of her mouth after a meal. What she looked like when exhaustion, or anger, or pain, or happiness, colored her face.

 

Shuu rubs the lipstick off his face in a hurry, his own eyes watching him in desperation from behind the mirror. Something wraps around his organs, inside his body, and wrenches them with a painful grasp.

 

 

 

 

 

He returns Kamishiro Rize's smile in full and she laughs. It echoes all over Tokyo.

 

 

 

 

Time passes them by in the café as they watch humans and ghouls come and go. She reads books he's read before, ones he's wanted to try, and shares her thoughts easily, as if she believed that he's really listening. He is. She is too, after all.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Kaneki Ken accepts his invitation to dinner easily. Their conversation flows as if meant to be. Shuu traces his finger round the edges of his glass just as comfortably as it traces the edge of Kaneki's face before they step onto the squash court. Kaneki doesn't pull away. He's shy.

Inside Shuu's stomach this thing he can't name takes shape. He's felt this before. He can't wait to be at the restaurant, to dig his teeth into Kaneki's flesh.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

After the first meeting with Kamishiro, he changes his eating habits in time. Enjoys the feasts at home with his father and Matsumae and his mother's place at the table always set in her memory. But he hungers for more. He roams the streets in ways he's seen Kamishiro do. A thing has taken up residence inside his stomach and it flexes its muscles joyfully the first time he sinks his teeth into the flesh of a young man's neck in the back of the man's car and he catches his reflection in the rearview mirror. His lips painted in red, his hair messy, his make up running, blood dripping off the corners of his mouth.

 

 

 

 

 

Blood drips off his face as he leans in closer to Kaneki sitting in the restaurant's arena. It's the scrapper's blood, splattered all over his suit, his mask, his hair. It tastes peculiar but he can barely tell—Kaneki's scent is—'It'll be difficult but... could you please forget about this for me?' he whispers into Kaneki's ear, feels his breath, sees the stain of sweat his gloved hand leaves on Kaneki's shoulder. He can't let anyone else have this meal, the thing inside his stomach jumps, turns, expands. Nobody else but me.

 

 

 

 

 

He shares his thoughts on the experience with Kamishiro, describes the way the young man's neck felt, his reflection in the car's rearview mirror, the