stay in one area, tapping it in time with Liam's heartbeat. "My sisters and I came here with our baskets to pick our summer harvest, perhaps the most magnificent I had ever seen my trees grow!  And as I watched my darling sisters playing in the fields, I felt a sharp pain in my chest," he turns to Liam, his face full of undoubted pain. "It was here,” Louis draws an X over Liam’s heart, “the bullet that ended everything.”

"You were shot?" Liam asks, shocked. "But why? You were just picking fruit, that's no reason to shoot someone!"

"The primitive weapons of choice by the dueling parties were not made with careful precision.  I was unfortunate to have made my presence known when those two boys set out to settle a petty score." Louis tilts his head up to the night sky, his eyes glimmering with diamond-like tears. "Oh, Liam, it was so loud when it happened.  My sisters screamed so much that it is often all I hear some nights. I never realized how much blood could spill from my body until that day.”

“A duel?” Liam whispers. “But how did you know?”

“They hadn’t any idea they were on my land, and it was not until they heard my sisters screaming that something had gone terribly wrong. I lived long enough to say goodbye, but it pains me even more to know I never saw them grow up. I know they have passed on to another life, but I cannot do the same until I know how they lived. It was only the five of us for so long, who took care of them after I died? Who did they marry? What of the surviving descendants that still bear our name? That is what keeps me here, aside from our meetings."

“That's," Liam pauses, his throat hollow, "that’s your unfinished business, isn’t it?  You want to know what happened to your sisters.”

Louis nods, wiping his last tear.  “And here lies Louis Tomlinson, beloved son and brother.” Liam runs to him, wrapping his arms around the ghostly figure he's known his whole life. "I do not mean to haunt this place on purpose," Louis softly tells Liam when they pull away. "I planted these trees with my hands, Liam. I guard them to protect the only memory of my old life."

"Do you wish you could go back?” Liam softly asks. “Do you wish you could just redo that moment to live a little longer to be with your sisters?" Louis puts a finger to Liam's lips, shushing him to keep him from asking anymore questions.

"No more, young prince. You are much too inquisitive for someone with a broken heart," Louis fakes a smile, lightly tapping the tip of Liam's nose. "Let your heart rest, I feel it is what you need."

"This is where you take me home, isn't it?" Liam frowns, hanging his head. "I'm sorry I said all of that, I meant no harm."

"No one could hurt me, Liam. Especially you."

Louis takes Liam's hand, quietly walking through the woods together like they've always done. But this time, Liam feels at peace with himself. His heartache over his ex-girlfriend feels like a distant memory now, though his heart still needs to heal. The road leading to his house comes into view and Louis stops, knowing he cannot go any further.

"I believe this is where my journey ends."

"Thank you, Louis," Liam smiles. "Thank you for always being here."

They hug again, and Louis holds on to Liam just a little longer. "Happy birthday, young prince."

—

During Liam’s second year of university, he meets a girl named Niall in class, along with her two inseparable friends, Harry and Zayn. They form a study group and in the months they get to know each other, Liam harbors a secret crush on Niall, but cannot bring himself to admit it to her. He fears he’s too boring and studious for her, an absolute mismatch compared to her energetic personality.

He is surprised one night, just three weeks into a new quarter, when Zayn brings up the topic of ghosts and spirits for a writing class they’re both taking. Zayn mentions the death of his grandfather having an impact on his life, so much that he used to imagine he was still around as a coping mechanism.

“I have someone like that,” Liam confesses. Zayn eggs him on to tell the group. “His name is Louis, I’ve known him since I was five.”

“Didn’t hear a single word in the past tense,” Harry raises a curious brow.

“So do you still see him?” Zayn asks, now as curious as Harry.

“I haven’t in a while, actually.” Harry and Zayn sit closer to Liam, ridding him of his