visits. It wasn’t long after that Remy was born.

Levi had not expected to like Remy much. Children tended to baffle him at best and irritate him at worst. When former comrades introduced their children, it was always Eren who squatted down to shake their little hands and ask how old they were. Never Levi.

But Remy was different. She was Eren’s, after all, even if he acted more like her uncle than her father. And Levi supposed he was related to Remy somehow too-- however distantly-- through the Ackerman line. Perhaps those two ties were what compelled Levi to learn how to support Remy’s head when he held her, to take her hand when she toddled after him through town, to determine when she needed discipline and when she needed to be given free rein. Levi had never been interested in having kids of his own, but helping to take care of Remy wasn’t so bad.

“You adore her, admit it,” Eren would tease. Levi never responded, but his lack of denial was probably enough. Eren knew him too well.

=====

After breakfast was cleared away and Eren had left for Mikasa and Sasha’s house, Levi took Remy to the ocean.

Even though she’d lived within walking distance of the ocean since the day she was born, Remy still loved to play in the sand and wade into the waves. It was familiar to her, comforting. The ocean was part of her life, just like the sun in the sky and the dirt under her feet.

To Levi, the ocean would always be something akin to a dream.

Today, Remy had her mind set on collecting shells. She ran ahead of Levi as he strolled along the beach, bringing back seashells of all shapes and sizes for him to hang onto for her. His hands were almost full when she came to him with a question rather than a shell.

“Boys kiss too?” Remy asked, tiny fingers closing around the hem of Levi’s shirt.

Levi glanced up at the dunes and spotted what had caught Remy’s attention. It seemed that the baker’s son did have a crush on the blacksmith’s apprentice. Eren owed Levi a cake. “If they feel like it, they do,” he answered, steering Remy gently in the other direction so the boys could have some privacy. As much privacy that could be had on the beach, anyway.

Remy was silent for a while as they walked, hand still fisted around his shirt since Levi’s hands were full of her shells. Eventually she tipped her head back to look up at him. “You and Uncle Eren don’t kiss.”

“No.” Not often, anyway. Eren liked to kiss on occasion and Levi didn’t mind indulging him. Kissing was fine so long as Levi was forewarned and could trust that it wouldn’t go any further. “We aren’t like that.”

Remy’s face fell at his answer. When Levi asked her what was wrong though, she just kicked at the damp sand and didn’t answer. She didn’t speak to him the entire way home.

When they returned to the house with seashells in tow, Eren was waiting there with Sasha.

“Remy,” she admonished. “You can’t just run off like that. Me and your mom were worried.”

It would never fail to amuse Levi to see Sasha acting motherly. His initial assessment of the girl had been that, although she was skilled, she didn’t have a single authoritative bone in her body. Not suited for leadership roles. That assessment had not changed much over the years, but Remy’s birth must have awoken some kernel of responsibility buried deep within her.

Remy darted to hide behind Eren’s legs. “I don’t wanna talk to you!” she declared with all the force a small child could muster. “You’re mean! Mom’s mean! I hate you.”

“Remy!” Eren scolded.

But Sasha just rolled her eyes. “Well, if you hate us, I guess you’ll have to live with your uncles forever.”

“I will!” Remy shouted from behind Eren.

“Uh huh,” Sasha drawled, folding her arms across her chest. “That means no more of your mom’s stew. I won’t give you archery lessons anymore. And Uncle Levi, he won’t let you get a dog like you’ve been asking-- he doesn’t like dogs.”

Remy peered out at Levi. “It’s true, I hate dogs,” he said. He saw no need to add that if she really wanted one, he’d let her have it so long as it stayed outside.

Remy bit her lip. “...I could visit.”

“I thought you hated us,” Sasha said. “We’re mean.”

“You are mean,” Remy muttered. “You took my bow.”

Sasha sighed and crouched down to Remy’s level. “What would make you sadder? Not having your bow for a week