you all I got. Give it to you when, whenever you want it, whenever you ask, ‘til it, ‘til it won’t fit no more and you, you drip when you, when you try to stand up. Fill you, fill you full ‘til your, your damn belly, fucking feels like, mm, feels like a damn, damn sloshing pitcher, ‘til I can tip you over n’ pour you out, you little shit. S’what you want?”


 

Bucky was blushing hard and sweating, dizzy and starting to get light-headed from coming three damn times already, but Steve wailed, especially when Bucky ground into him, like he was real close, and started shaking like a leaf. He started keening, however quiet, just wailing for it, and Bucky learned he was a Hell of a lot closer than he’d thought. He’d never heard Steve get so loud, and he’d loved that.

He’d come so hard he’d almost blacked out when Steve started bearing down and squeezing, which Bucky personally didn’t think he ought to have been able to do after being fucked four times in a weekend.

Steve knew what got Bucky going, and the more he knew, the more he abused it. Once he figured out Bucky got off on sneaking into alleys and kissing, that even a quick little closed-mouth kiss on the corner of his lips could get him hard and make him walk faster to get home, once Steve knew that, it wasn’t safe. He’d try to find at least one alley for them to duck down every time they went someplace together if he was in the mood. What was Bucky gonna say? ‘No, Steve, don’t kiss me, you can’t kiss me here, not in DUMBO, where we’ve seen guys do a Hell of a lot more than kiss in brighter sunlight than this?’

Bucky was romantic, not stupid.

 

Steve liked looking at Bucky, he liked touching Bucky, he liked knowing that, while Bucky was still going out with girls and kissing girls and taking girls dancing, he was mostly coming home at night, coming home as soon as the dance hall closed, sometimes earlier, because he was, Steve eventually accepted, fucking crazy about Steve, and he liked his girls, but most of them were nice girls, good girls, and good girls didn’t get into heavy petting, but Bucky did, and he wanted to climb into Steve’s lap on their half-busted sofa and get petted both heavy and light, Steve’s fingers combing through his hair while the radio station wound down for the night and Bucky kissed Steve’s hands and let him work the cream out of his hair so he could sleep better.

Bucky was romantic, sure, but he didn’t mind it when Steve had a good night and a good day and his petting got interrupted by Steve slowly going hard in the periphery of Bucky’s vision, even though Steve would half the time only agree to let Bucky try to take care of his hard-ons as a consequence of Steve taking care of Bucky’s.

Bucky figured that was just fine. Sure, that was fine. He’d wrap his mouth around Steve’s cock, he was still learning how and wasn’t taking to it like Steve had, like a duck to water, no, Bucky took a while to learn how to give a fella a suck job, and Steve’s cock was luckily just perfect for practice, back then. After the serum, hell, after the serum and now, Steve’s fucking dick was a goddamn breathing hazard, especially if he was holding Bucky’s hair, not that Bucky minded, particularly. Steve was better at keeping his hips down now than he had been when he’d first gotten bigger.

God, when Steve had first gotten bigger, the first few times they’d fooled around after the serum, even before Bucky had wholly accepted Peggy as more than just Steve’s crush, as the gal who would have, had things kept on like they were, been Steve’s gal, and wasn’t that a kick in the head? Even then, when Steve had first gotten bigger and every one of his nerve endings was jangly and raw, when his cock had become perfect and big and responsive and Bucky or Peggy could look at him wrong and he’d be hard, Bucky could get a hand down the front of his trousers while humming Mack the Knife, and Steve would go off like a cheap bottle rocket before anybody ever saw.

Bucky would lick his fingers and wink and Steve would be ready to go all over again, less than five minutes. He was a little better about it now, probably because he was melancholy and shell-shocked, which Bucky could figure had messed him right back up how he was before with the anemia and diabetes and heart trouble, but messed up for new-and-improved Steve was normal for everybody else, and