his wet lips sending shiver to his spine.

 

He moans loudly as I grinded down and create a great friction together and spreading a proximity to us as we share body heat at this moment.

 

Being caught up in my lustful smoulders I push him harder down to the sand again and trailing my hands on his tiny waist.

 

I sat up and remove my trunks revealing my already hard crotch, I look at him and see that he was panting and staring with wide eyes at my manhood, I give him a smirk and kiss him again.

 

I manage to pull out his own trunks away leaving us both naked, I can feel the roughness of the wet sands in our legs, I grinded down to him and our crotches both stood up in friction.

 

“Ahhh” I hear him moan and kiss him again on the lips then down to his neck.

 

Louis suddenly pushes me and rolls us over so that he is now on top of me, his body lying to mine our legs tangled.

 

He remove his lips to mine and continue kissing my jaw then my neck and I tilted my head for a better access, propping myself up on my elbows for support then Louis continue kissing down to my chest then to my stomach then to my happy trail.

 

I can’t help but moan when my hard touch his chin, then I look at Louis who already grab my crotch and kiss my tip, and I let out a strangle moan.

 

Louis lick my tip and taste my pre-cum, then all of a sudden the take it all in his mouth sliding down until his nose touching my pubic hair.

 

He then slowly slide up with a popping sound, I bit my lip and he look back at me then he lean to kiss me on the lips, then he face my crotch again and swallow it whole.

 

His head bobbing up and down, his cheeks hallowing and his tongue working on every corner of my crotch, I can’t help but thrust upward to him hitting his throat he almost choke out but he continue to bob his head up and down.

 

My moans getting louder every seconds, I can feel the tingling in my stomach telling me I’m close to be finish but I can’t let that happen yet, it’s to early to be done.

 

“S-st-op” I let out in a uneven moan and pop out and look at me.

 

“I can’t cum yet” I said then sat up and grab him down with me, rolling us over so that I’m on top of him again.

 

His arms around me, both of us grinding at each other, I decided to tease him so pull away from the wet kiss and pull his legs away and now I’m in between.

 

I first kiss his hard on then I plunged in one finger to his entrance and he wince in pain and moan.

 

I smirk and pull out my finger and kiss his entrance and licking it and pushing it in and he moan grabbing his own manhood and jerking it up and down.

 

I pull away and look at him who is panting.

 

“Stop being a tease” He ordered and I giggle at his eagerness.

 

“Eager are we” I teased but did not wait for his respond.

 

I decided I should stop his misery, so put my fingers in my mouth and making it extra wet, I pull it out and put it in his entrance and slowly sliding it in, about a few seconds I had manage to insert two more fingers.

 

I move my fingers up and down in his inside, when I can feel that he is already ready I pull out my finger and align my aching crotch to his entrance, I look at him and kiss him first before pushing it in slowly.

 

When I am pushing my crotch in, I can already faint at his tightness I close my eyes in pain of tightness, after I finally manage to insert my whole in it, I waited a few moments for him to adjust.

 

“M-move” He ordered, then I thrusted in more and out of him.

 

I pull it out but my head still attached to his entrance, I look into his eyes, and push back in all the way without hesitation. I started moving right away as he raises his hips to meet my thrust, both of our movements moving in rhythm.

 

My thrusts are now slow and a little passionate.

 

Just a few thrusts I can feel that I had already release completely in him, and then soon he followed spilling it over his chest and my stomach.

 

I collapsed on him my arms lying tiredly on the sides, his arms wrap around my body. Both of us so tired, panting so hard.

 

My head lying in his chest then I can feel him kiss my hair then mumble some few words which I did not hear clearly, and then drifted to my dreams.

 

A dream of together with Zayn.

This is actually my longest chapter ever, and i hope you like it :D 

The reason why i posted this is because i want to leave you hanging when  im out, i want you to be piss Lol (in a