, “I need more female friends.”

“What was that?” Joey asked.

“Oh, nothing.” Tea sighed, smiling innocently.

The bell rang signaling first hour, and the four friends clambered up the steps to make it through another day of high school.

****

Meanwhile, within the many secret chambers of the millennium puzzle, Yami walked through his endless halls and passageways. He often kept himself busy while Yugi was in control by exploring the maze that was his own mind, but he rarely made much progress. With every door he opened, the more his frustration grew and the darker his thoughts became. 

It was so infuriating. So maddening. He felt so helpless. Yami hated it when people made mention of his memory loss. Bakura mocked him relentlessly about it and he knew, he knew Yugi pitied him on the subject as well. He had picked up on enough of the young one’s stray thoughts to be certain of that. Pity didn’t sit comfortably with the proud Pharaoh, so he searched and searched on his own to try and solve his own kind of millennium puzzle. 

He didn’t realize it, but Yami found himself standing before the familiar thick steel door that led to the hallway that separated his consciousness from Yugi’s.

Yami stood and stared at it for a good long while then he decided to open it up. He pushed his slight, muscled frame against the unyielding door and it budged and then opened loudly. He was surprised to notice that the act of opening that door taxed him more than it should have. In fact, after the deed was done, he was shocked to wipe his brow and find sweat upon his hand. 

What was wrong with him?

Casting his worries aside, the Pharaoh stepped into the hall that was the crossroads of the two souls. Yugi’s door stood before him, bright and cheerful and not threatening in the slightest. He looked back over his strong shoulder and took in his own looming, massive and dark door and he was amazed that two souls so very different could walk the same mind in peaceful accord right beside each other.

Yugi was an incredible boy and Yami was so very proud of him. The reserved Pharaoh often wondered how Yugi had come to acquire such a peaceful attitude about life and… Yami similarly wondered how he, himself, became so sullen and quiet in the days of his forgotten existence. 

Yami thought about opening the door to Yugi’s mind. He thought about interrupting Yugi’s concentration in school and saying a quick hello, but he decided against it. He always felt like he was intruding when he considered entering Yugi’s spirit room. Like perhaps he were tainting the light of Yugi’s soul somehow with his own darkness. He felt as though he might taint it somehow. He had only entered Yugi’s soul room once before upon Yugi’s persistent insistence. It was filled with such innocence and purity. In contrast to Yami’s own soul room, it made the spirit feel dirty somehow. 

These thoughts certainly didn’t help how he was feeling. Dark thoughts led down dark paths and he knew how dangerous that could be.

Now that he thought about it, he really did feel very tired and he knew that as soon as he made contact with his other half, Yugi would sense that weariness and begin to worry over him. The ever-proud Yami didn’t want that.

He gave a weak smile to Yugi’s door as if silently tipping a hat, and he turned around to once again walk the empty halls of his own soul. 

****

However, the Pharaoh’s halls were not as empty as he would have liked. Unbeknownst to Yami, Bakura’s sliver of himself that he had tucked away into the puzzle was stalking those same empty corridors. His smile conveyed unchecked malice and his eyes bored into the shadows of the Pharaoh’s mind as he similarly delved into its endless secrets. 

How did the Pharaoh not know of the power he contained? What a fool he has become with the loss of his memory.

Bakura had been covertly unraveling many things right under the Pharaoh’s very nose, but the ancient king had not noticed his presence in the slightest. What was even more perfect was the fact that Bakura’s endless prodding and searching was weakening the Pharaoh. His activity should have weakened himself, but Bakura found that since he was active within the Pharaoh’s domain, the Puzzle surprisingly drew from the Pharaoh the energy that Bakura was expending. Bakura was like a parasite unknown to its host. 

It also helped that Bakura’s vile presence acted like a sort of poison towards the millennium item. His nature was so very different from that of the Pharaoh. 

Now… he need only wait for the Pharaoh to weaken further so he may make his move and eradicate the king from the millennium item by overpowering the weary Pharaoh. He was unsure only in the aspect of when he should begin his little game. 

He would make his move soon and darkness would prevail. 

Without the Pharaoh, darkness could consume the world, and he, Bakura, ancient Zorc