Alec, darling, wake up.” His voice quivered as it was laced with panic when the man showed no response to the words. The older man cradled his lover’s bloodied face in his hands, rubbing grime off his cheeks and pushing the man’s hair out of his face. Amber cat eyes frantically scanned for any hint of life, “Alexander,  please . Alec-“

A groan. A pained groan, but the warlock would take it. Alec’s eyes lazily fluttered open for a moment and he made a pained smile after realizing his warlock had found him. His eyes closed and he swallowed thickly.

“Magn-“ He inhaled sharply and groaned.

“Shhhh my Nephilim, don’t speak. I’ll heal you.” Magnus wasn’t sure if he was trying to reassure Alec or himself. His hands were still shaking as he tried to recite the most powerful healing magic he could remember. Caterina had always been the better healer. If only he had paid more attention to the times she taught Magnus of healing magic, he could have had the demon venom removed and Alec fixed up in an instant.  Now is not the time to think of the past Magnus. The love of your life is dying in your arms and you have a chance to save him  a flicker of doubt crossed his mind. Did he have a chance? Was there still a chance? He refused to think it was impossible to save Alec and let out a shaky breath as he worked his magic to heal the broken Shadowhunter. Alec seemed to have sensed how unstable Magnus was because the man had brought his hand up to caress the warlock’s face. The touch startled the warlock and he felt his magic waver. Alec felt it too.  

“You’re here” He sounded surprised.

“Of course I’m here” Magnus softly reassured the man. Why wouldn’t he be?

Alec blinked a few times, still unsure if he had hallucinated his boyfriend. He felt a sharp pain in his back and writhed as he felt the demon venom continue to spread. Even if it was truly Magnus next to him and not a hallucination, Alec had to tell Magnus something before he left.

“Magnus-“ The warlock did not want to answer him. He knew what Alec was doing. Tears threatened to surface but he did not stop. No, he would pour all of his life into the Shadowhunter,  his Shadowhunter. Eventually, his magic began to mend the flesh and combine with the demon venom to render it useless. However the venom was potent and would not leave without a fight. Panic tickled the back of his mind as the worst case scenario flashed through his mind. The Shadowhunter could see how taxing it was on his warlock to fight against the venom. Alec had always known he would be the first to go, but not this early. With love and pain, he had to tell Magnus to stop pouring his life into a lost cause.

“Magnus, please, stop-“ he was ignored. His hands fell from the man’s face to grip his wrist, this time, hoping his words and touch could get the warlock to listen. “Mags—enough.”

“No.” It wasn’t a tone Alec would ever want to hear Magnus use. It was broken, weak, everything that Magnus was not. It felt wrong and it made Alec’s heart ache.

“We both know it’s too late for me.” He saw tears cloud the man’s amber cat eyes. “Don’t ruin yourself for me.” Alec felt the man reluctantly relax his arms as the warmth from his magic seeped away. Magnus didn’t look at him. He hated how Alec was right. Alec was dying and there was nothing the warlock could do about it except buy him a few more minutes before death claimed the boy.  

“Too late.” He whispered and finally brought himself to look at his nephilim’s eyes, “I was already ruined by you the moment I saw you.” A sad smile found its way on the man’s face. Never had he ever predicted this outcome of him falling in love with a Lightwood. He had finally found the love of his life and he knew that the man would leave the world before him. But it was still unfair and he wanted to scream at the world for its cruelty; most of all, he wanted to cry. Their time had been too short and he could never watch Alec live a full life and grow old with Magnus by his side.

“Magnus?” The warlock was instantly pulled out of his thoughts.

“Yes?”

“Do you remember the other day, you were singing to a mundane song?”

“Yes, of course. But I don’t see how it’s relevant- oh.“ It dawned on him that it was the song he had been humming to while he was making dinner before he received a call.

“I- I was pretty sure I wouldn’t make it, and-I wanted your voice to be the last thing I hear.” Magnus’ eyes widened.