of faces for shits and giggles. Everyone else kept asking for details, but Breach? Breach didn't want to know. He made a mental note to dodge tunnel work as much as possible, and decided to leave it at that.

But he drew the short straw this time. Drill #136 was a troublemaker, prone to false alarms, and most of its components were underground. Breach vowed he'd wreck that hunk of junk if the sensors were just pitching another fit, but didn't say it aloud. Wordlessly, he put on his pressure suit, and headed underground.

Any other planet, he might've liked tunnel work. No one bugging him, high probability that the fix would be easy, and no one expecting him back for a few hours minimum. Take a few cans of alk and load up some good stuff on the holo, then spend the rest of the day doing a lot of nothing.

The Z tunnels were creepy. Something about the way the light from his headlamp hit the surrounding angles and curves wasn't quite right. Something about the sound of his footsteps on the stone walkways was wrong. And sometimes, he'd swear someone—or something—was watching him.

Damn it all, he didn't want to be proved right.

His foot slammed into a tentacle with a wet, meaty thud. They kept coming, wrapping around him, entwining him in their unsettling warmth. Nothing native to Z should've been that warm—nothing should've been native to Z period. Was this thing what freaked out the guys so damn much?

With angry shouts, Breach kicked and squirmed, but the slimy tendrils didn't stop. No, they pulled off his helmet, ran over his face, almost caressing him. He snapped his teeth at them, and they ignored him.

As he bit at one, it snaked its way between his teeth, cutting off his grunts and howls of rage with its thick weight and sweet taste.  He tried to spit out the tentacle, tried to bite off the tip. The tough flesh refused to yield.

Something slick and hot spurted down his throat, and pooled in his stomach, filling him with heavy warmth. Gentle heat radiated through his gut, disturbingly comforting. It felt good. That was bad.

Breach fought back harder, in spite of the soothing peace spreading from his belly to his brain. Something was inside him. He wanted it out. And yet he didn't.

Give in, his mind told him, and he clapped a hand to his belly. It felt unnaturally hot, but the touch of his hand was a revelation, setting off a wave of pleasure that reverberated through his nerves. What was this shit doing to him? And why did he like it so damn much?

With one last feeble punch to the creature's head—or, what he thought was its head—he gave in. Immediately, he was surrounded, embraced by a swarm of boneless limbs. How many did this thing have? Why did they feel so good as they freed him from his pressure suit?

What were they going to do to him?

For such thick appendages, they moved with surprising dexterity. Soon, Breach was stripped naked, covered only by the deliciously cold air and the hot, slithering tentacles on his skin. Their touch was electric, bright and on the edge of painful, yet beautiful, and a tight, familiar burn came to life in the pit of his belly. He was getting hard. Shouldn't he have been horrified?

Oh, what the hell. There were two things Breach rarely said no to—a fight, and pleasure. And sweet God, this thing felt fucking fantastic. He moaned, and the creature seemed pleased. It stroked his face, a tender caress, while another tendril slid up the length of his thigh to the jut of his rock-hard cock.

Fuck, he thought, as tight, slick heat coiled around his cock. Fuck, that was...sweet fuck, he didn't have the words. He bucked into its grasp, arching up off the floor.

Another tentacle took advantage. It slithered between the cheeks of his ass, and for a second, he thought he'd come just from that. Breach had a rule that said no one touched him there, but as it slid over his hole, damned if he remembered why. It teased his entrance, putting his nerves on alert as it explored the edges of his hole, its probing touch infuriatingly light. Now. He couldn't believe it, but he wanted it inside him now.

Something gave his nipple a firm twist, and a red-hot jolt of intoxicating pain went through him, shooting from his chest to his gut. The tentacle around his cock began to move, a slick, slow fall and rise along his length, while the one at his ass began to nudge in. Breach didn't know which to encourage. Did he arch toward the one on his chest, the one on his dick, the one in his ass