and she would lick her fingers clean, and he would grin and open his mouth obediently for more. Or, or, or, she could jump out of the cake and he could lick her clean instead.

“Those remind me of Mori Yoshida’s pastries,” Byakuya commented, looking at the book in Touko’s hands from over her shoulder.

“Eh?” Touko flinched, nearly dropping the book.

Byakuya pointed to the cover. “That creampuff is clearly influenced by the work of Mori Yoshida. When I lived in France, I went there with my butler a few times. Those images on the front bear a similarity to the style of many of his goods.”

He took the cookbook from her and flipped through it.

“His lemon cakes packed a flavour too subtle for my liking,” Byakuya remarked, keeping his eyes down. “That is one of Yoshida’s shortcomings. With the recipe, we can amend that...”

After Byakuya reached the end of the cookbook, he slotted it next to the one under his armpit. His hunt for more suitable cookbooks resumed and once he had obtained five in total, he held out the fifth toward Touko. She extended her hands and he carefully unloaded all of the cookbooks into her palms.

“This will do for the time being,” he decided. “We can return home to peruse them once I’ve paid for them all. One of these books has beef bourguignon, which I want to eat for dinner.”

Touko trailed after him, hugging the books to her chest. Beef bourguignon wasn’t something she could spring out of, not like a cake. Not without putting more thought into the action first.

“Are you sure we have all the ingredients at home?” she asked.

They arrived at the checkout. She dropped the cookbooks onto the counter and opened the first one the cashier scanned the barcode of, flicking to a page near the middle.

“For grilled monkfish, the dressing needs edamame beans, for example.” Touko angled the double spread of pages toward Byakuya, whose brow furrowed after reading the list of ingredients. “We’ll have to go to the market for some of these.”

The cashier scanned the last of the books and shoved them into a single carrier bag. Byakuya whipped out his wallet from his jacket pocket and paid for the books.

Outside, they saw a bench on the other side of the street which Byakuya led Touko over to. They sat down and Byakuya rifled through the bag for one of the cookbooks.

He scanned its list of contents for a certain meal and then skipped through the pages to the one he wanted. “Beef bourguignon...” It required more than a dozen ingredients, including herbs and spices and many things both knew their kitchen did not have, but Byakuya had vocally expressed that he wished to eat beef bourguignon and when Touko noted how his lips pressed together and how his eyes narrowed, she knew that was what they were going to have for dinner.

Most eye catching about the plaza which hosted the market were the rows of vibrant specks of coloured fruit and vegetables. Oranges, reds, yellows and greens melded into a scale of hues that were at this time irrelevant because beef bourguignon called for none of them.

Touko and Byakuya wound their way through the market, gifting glances at any stalls with subdued colours. Byakuya walked with the cookbook out, reading it through several times and letting Touko hook her arm around his so she could direct him away from any obstacles.

“I think they sell herbs over there,” said Touko, spotting a stall that seemed to sell not only herbs but cooking oils.

At her words, Byakuya looked up and approached the stall in question.

The vendor greeted them with a smile that carved more wrinkles into her face.

He cleared his throat. “We would like to purchase various herbs and some vegetable oil.” His eyes lowered. “I need garlic, parsley, bay leaf, thyme, rosemary...”

“Garlic isn’t a herb nor a spice,” said the vendor. She folded her arms over her chest and leaned over the counter, flashing him a toothy smile. “Going by your book, I take it you’re trying to cook something in particular... and going by how twitchy you are, you might be in over your head.”

“I’m not twitchy...” Byakuya’s face twitched. “And I’m not in over my head at all, thanks.”

To Touko, the vendor’s words were a slap to the cheek. “D-Do you want us to buy anything or not?”

The vendor bowed her head. “Here, pass me your book and I’ll find you both what you need.” She stretched out her arm and accepted the cookbook from Byakuya.

Gathering all the required ingredients took her two minutes of picking and packing that her customers watched with slight disinterest.

“You’ll want to use chuck steak,” said the vendor, setting the ingredients onto the counter. “It’ll come out dry otherwise, unless you don’t want to have nice and tender beef.”

Byakuya calmly paid for the goods