.

sk8erboy91: skype, babe?
IRISHK1NG: same name.

He told his daddies he'd be back tomorrow and promised them a full hour before logging out of his live chat and signing into Skype. He quickly found the irish's name and pressed the call button, sitting up on his knees and reached under his skirt to remove the panties and was halfway down his thighs when the call was answered. The first thing he heard was a groan then a loud creak of a chair and he couldn't stop his face from splitting into a wide grin. "Pleased at what you see?"

"Of course.." He husked out and Louis leaned back to take a look at the beautiful man gracing his screen. "God, you're gorgeous."

"Your accent alone is going to make me come," Louis confessed and lifted one knee at a time as he slipped off the pantie and tossed it aside carelessly. He spread his legs wide enough so that his cock touched the soft blankets and rolled his hips for some fraction, letting out a small moan. "Waiting for my present or punishment, King."

"Impatient, huh?"

"Just a little."

Niall laughed softly and Louis' dick twitched against the sheets that he was probably burning a hole through right now. "Take off the skirt for me, princess. Let me see all of you." 

Louis complied quickly and the skirt landed on the ground with a soft thud. He rubbed his hands up his thighs, up his stomach, before sliding to his cock and wrapping a shaking hand around it, but was quickly dismissed. "Mm, no. Wanna see you come untouched."

"Fuck.. punishment first then, huh?"

"Depends on how you see it. Lean back for me. Let me see that pretty hole." Louis leaned against the headboard once again, but this time he pulled the camera up between his legs and spread them apart so that he was on display. "Lick some of your fingers and touch yourself. Imagine my tongue on your hole, eating your arse so amazingly."

Louis moaned softly and thumped his head on the headboard, but he couldn't be bothered to care. He rubbed himself, eyes closing as he let the image sit in his head, imagined nothing but a sea of blond when he looked down as Niall's tongue dipped inside of his hole and his walls would clench attempting to swallow the muscle deeper but would come up short and he'd get frustrated, wanting more and more and more. 

"Slide in one finger, baby. Rub and finger yourself.. nice and slow. Tease yourself." Louis listened to Niall's voice and his spine shivered as he dipped his index finger inside of himself, the tightness weeping and stretching around the single digit, letting out a string of whimpered moans as his orgasm rose. "So fucking pretty, baby.."

"I'm so c-close.."

"Slow it down, yeah? Give me some more time to relish in your beauty." Niall's chair creaked again and when Louis opened his eyes he saw the large hand wrapped around his cock and precome seeped from him at the mere sight. His toes cracked as he curled them and as he lifted his hips, his fingers drowned further into his tightness and he let out the most pathetic whimpering moan, his stomach clenching. "Fuck, you're such a good girl, baby.." Niall rasped. "Get a dildo, let me see that hole open up for me. Fuck yourself so good like you deserve."

Louis' fingers shook as he reached out for the dildo he'd been playing with earlier, resting his legs against the bed spread wide as he positioned the toy at his hole and slowly pushed the tip inside of him, groaning at the tight fit that sent jolts of pleasure up his spine. Niall groaned on the other side of the computer screen and that alone motivated Louis to continue further, feeling ever ridge of the dildo as he pushed it inside of him, walls clenching so desperately to the thickness.

"God, I would fuck you so hard.."

"Tell me how, daddy."

"In the shower against the cold wall, against the sink while you watch yourself come in the misty mirror. I'd been you over and make you grab your ankles while I pound that tight ass so fucking good you forget how to breathe. I'd make you scream so loud people will envy your luck in such pleasures they could never have. I would make you come over and over again, make you so sensitive to my touch that you will be unable to move for days on end after I'm done with you. Have you on your knees more often than you're on your feet fucking your mouth, your ass, branding you as mine, worshiping you like a queen."

"Fuck! Please, my King.. let me c-come."

"Soon.. very soon. Leave the dildo inside of you, get on all fours, show me your ass."

Louis complied quickly, his chest pressed flush against the cool of his sheets as