into him perfectly, if he coiled around him and pulled him in close. He intended to do that, even when The Doll protested, trying to dislodge The Soldier’s arm.

"Bucky," he whined, "Get off of me. We can’t-"

"I can’t," The Soldier explained, taking The Doll’s hand and bringing it to his mouth, kissing his fingertips. "I need to protect you. You’re not supposed to be my baby doll anymore, you’re supposed to take care of yourself. You can’t, like this. You need me. That’s the first mission, I remember. I have to keep you safe.”

"You can do that without touching me," The Doll protested, but his face looked different in the dark, and The Soldier knew that meant he was lying again, or just wrong. The Doll was wrong sometimes. They shared, between them, incorrect programming, and The Doll had taken on The Soldier’s share of the stupid a long time ago.

"I want to touch you," The Soldier stated, and that was true, which had to be original programming because a weapon did not want anything. “I want this. You’re mine.”

The missing half of The Soldier, The Doll should have known, should have recognized it. It was original programming. The Doll was not supposed to lose the original programming. That would leave both of them with no Before, with no purpose.


"Bucky-" The Doll’s eyes were damp, and his bony fingers clung to The Soldier’s muscular arms. "Bucky, please."

"Let me," The Soldier whispered, and kissed The Doll’s hot, trembling mouth. "Let me in. Take me back. If I’m going to do this, I need you to show me what you need me to remember."

His own voice was different. It was accented, warm, reassuring. He had not run this protocol since Before. Would it perform accordingly?

The fight was going out of The Doll, so he hoped(?) so. 

"Bucky," The Doll moaned, and his fragile arms went around The Soldier’s neck. Protocol accepted. Access granted.

His mouth was a constant. His hair. The smoothness of his skin, though The Doll’s was thinner and easier to cut, bruise or damage than The Man on the Bridge. The Doll was thin-blooded and cool, The Man on the Bridge was a furnace. The Soldier was not sure why he knew that.

"Mine," The Soldier murmured into The Doll’s skin, breathing in the scent of him, drawing it deep into his lungs, moving against him, pressing him back into The Man on the Bridge’s firm mattress and soft pillows. "Mine, mine, mine."

The Doll responded perfectly, arching up into the touches that were gentle enough, only squirming a little when The Soldier handled him too roughly, just enough for him to know he needed to adjust.

"What do you want?" The Doll asked, touching The Soldier’s rough jaw. He had kept smooth before, if only to keep The Doll from getting burned by his stubble. He would rectify that when it became a priority. "Tell me what to do."

The Soldier delayed by nuzzling his hair, stroking his skin. The Doll was the targeter, wasn’t he? He was supposed to know- oh, but not like this. When they were fitting themselves together, it was The Soldier’s job to lead. The Man on the Bridge usually took point because The Soldier conceded it to him. The Doll was not programmed to be aggressive in this context. He would yield. The Soldier would enjoy(?) that. The Doll yielded to no one else, not in any other context. He was not a weapon, not like The Soldier, he was self-actualizing. Even The Man on the Bridge was at least partially autonomous, self targeting. He could decline missions. It was a superior level of coding.

What did The Soldier want?

"I want you," he said, searching. There was nothing he remembered, but his body was responding to the nearness of The Doll, getting warm, getting hard, the wanting was getting more prevalent, gaining priority. “I want all of you that I can have. Give me everything.”

Demanding. Was The Soldier allowed to make demands of The Doll?

The Doll shivered beneath him. “Just-” he began, and then stopped, and The Soldier understood the message. Don’t hurt me. Be careful. Go slowly. Maintain awareness of the situation. My function and integrity can be compromised. Your strength and effectiveness threaten my structure. Exercise caution and restraint. Don’t hurt me. He knew the mission parameters, they were original programming.

"I know," he assured The Doll. "I won’t."

He could count every rib in The Doll’s narrow chest. His spine was misaligned. He saw in grayscale