again. He can feel his face burning, his insides squirming unpleasantly. This was a stupid idea. He searches around for something to say to turn things around, but comes up empty.

Jongdae’s sigh breaks the tense silence. “Guess I’ll just have to do it myself.”

“Um,” says Baekhyun.

“I just think—” Jongdae pauses. His voice goes a little soft as he continues, “Everyone says the person you’re in a relationship with should become your best friend, yeah? And I’ve always thought… it’s really lucky that the person I want to be with is already that for me.” After a beat, he adds, “Okay, I’m talking about you, in case you didn’t figure it out.”

“That’s, I mean.” Baekhyun just blinks up at the stars.  “Yeah. Like. It would be awkward if you just. Confessed to me that you were in love with Chanyeol. I guess.”

“Or Kyungsoo,” says Jongdae.

“No, see, I’d maybe understand if it were Kyungsoo. Maybe.”

Jongdae laughs. Baekhyun finally musters up the courage to turn back to look at him again, and this time he’s met with a bright grin and flushed cheeks and smiling eyes. He offers his own smile in return, just a bit shy, still tinged with nerves because it’s Jongdae. At the same time, he feels oddly at ease because it’s—well, it’s Jongdae.

“So you know I like you, and I already knew you liked me,” says Jongdae. “What do you say? Boyfriends?”

“Yeah,” says Baekhyun. “Sure, that’s—yeah, cool, okay.”

Jongdae rolls onto his side and then reaches across to take hold of Baekhyun’s hand with his own rough and warm and calloused one. Baekhyun lets himself be dragged into a kiss, thinking that maybe he jumped to conclusions before about Jongdae’s mouth.

Warnings: mild and inexpertly-written angst

 “What was that?” asks Kyungsoo.

Baekhyun grimaces, shakes his head and goes back to gazing out the window and into the night. Kyungsoo can see him fidgeting, toying with the utensils in front of him, his fingers skating over the prongs of his fork. He’s been anxious ever since they ordered, saying little and hardly sparing Kyungsoo a glance. When he does speak, it’s in half-hearted mumbles, which would be frustrating if it weren’t so worrying. It’s Baekhyun, and Baekhyun doesn’t do quiet.

Kyungsoo frowns. “Is everything okay? Did I do something wrong?”

“No.” Baekhyun seems to hesitate. “Actually. Kind of?”

“Oh.” Kyungsoo feels his heart sink, even though this was bound to happen eventually, given how different of people they are. He knew it was a matter of time until one of them fucked up and did something to upset the other. “Sorry. What was—”

He’s interrupted by the waitress coming over with their drinks. He smiles and thanks her, and Baekhyun does the same, plastering on a grin that doesn’t reach his eyes. Once she leaves again, Kyungsoo sips at his beer and waits for Baekhyun to fill in the silence, except nothing comes. All Baekhyun does is stare somberly at his glass, looking like someone kicked his puppy.

“Baekhyun.” Kyungsoo starts to reach across the table, but Baekhyun withdraws his hands immediately. It takes all of Kyungsoo’s willpower not to let out a sigh. “I’m sorry about whatever I did,” he says, “but I need to know what it was so I—”

“Friends,” Baekhyun cuts in abruptly. “She was flirting with you, and she called me your friend, and you didn’t say anything.”

Kyungsoo’s immediate instinct is to say She wasn’t flirting with me, because he’s pretty sure that was just the waitress being nice so she could get a better tip, but that strikes him as possibly an inappropriate response. What he says instead is, “I didn’t realize that mattered to you.” Then, when Baekhyun doesn’t say anything: “I’m used to people assuming. Usually I just let them do it. It’s easier than correcting them.”

“And it doesn’t bug you?” says Baekhyun, finally looking up at him. His brow is furrowed, his eyes sharp. “It doesn’t piss you off at all?”

Shrugging uneasily, Kyungsoo says, “They’re just strangers. Why should I care what they think?”

“If you don’t care, then why can’t you—” Baekhyun stops, snaps his mouth shut, looks away again. His body language is all rigid and unwelcoming lines as he mutters, “Whatever. You’re right, it doesn’t matter.”

Kyungsoo’s heart, already somewhere in his abdomen before, falls all the way to the floorboards. He wants so badly