mouth water and then K’he is undulating under him, flashing brightly as the tentacle-tip convulses and swells slightly, leaking more slick fluid that bursts across his taste buds in a brilliant splash of flavor. Okay, forget everything he's ever been told. Inter-species sex just moved up to head the list of the top ten things to be done in a lifetime in space. He feels a ripple of amusement echo through his mind. 

Distracted by sucking on the tentacle, it takes Pike a moment to notice that his cock is now firmly wrapped in the grip of one of the grasping tentacles and it’s jerking him in a torturously slow-motion hand job. Or maybe that should be a tentacle-job, whatever it is it feels fantastic. He realizes that the tentacle that has been teasing him - the partner to the one currently in his mouth - must have produced the same slick viscous fluid and it’s now slicking his cock, acting as a very effective lubricant. Which is a comforting thought because that same tentacle has now squirmed beneath Pike’s sac, his leg lifted out of the way by an accommodating motor-limb and it’s teasing along the cleft of his ass. All the way to his coccyx and back to his balls, again and again, each time neatly avoiding the tight, flexing muscle that guards his entrance, tracing around it but never quite giving Pike the contact that he wants. And he does want it. It takes him by surprise, the realization that he is completely aroused by K’he’s attentions. His myriad of concerns have been overwhelmed by his physical and emotional responses to this expert and incredibly attentive seduction. 

'Fucking tease', he thinks as he he scrapes his teeth lightly down the the tentacle that is quivering and throbbing against his tongue. He suddenly want to prove that he can make this good for the creature, too, not just as a distraction to hide his secrets but as a mark of his ability to be brilliant at all things. He nibbles and nips and licks soothingly in turn and tentacle glows in a rapid-cycling light-show of pink, purple and indigo. He sprawls in the warm water, pulling his legs wanton-wide across the pliant flesh at his back, pushing back with his ass. He's not often let himself indulge in this kind of sex but that is for lack of safe opportunity, rather than lack of interest. It features often enough in the privacy of his fantasies. 

K’he ripples, and he feels shivers of something almost like laughter running through his mind as it delicately circles the wet, slippery tip of the tentacle against Pike’s asshole. 'Unnghh…fuck...please'. Another mental plea, he knows that speech is pretty much superfluous, he can’t imagine that K’he can’t feel exactly what he wants – his body and certainly all of his conscious mind screaming for the C’than to just get on with it and fuck him, please, now.

As the tentacle pushes in a tantalizing tease just past the tight ring of muscle, he feels a different type of push in his mind, an intruder as elusive as a draught, riffling discreetly through thoughts now lying buried beneath the pulsing layers of arousal. The expert seduction has allowed him to forget that dealing with the sex is the least of his worries in this situation. Pike may be aware of the intrusion but he does not have the mental control to hide that awareness. He turns on the intruder, roughly tearing away the veils of arousal that are clouding his mind. 

K'he stills in his head. He feels waves of startled surprise. Humans are not supposed to have any telepathic ability. Pike pushes mentally towards the intruder, as if trying to physically grapple with his opponent. The push takes him beyond the initial awareness of ripples of emotion, into a tumble of memory that is clearly not his own. The creature thinks in images rather than words, although it can understand the speech of the humanoid Y’gran and of the Terrans. Thrusting blindly forward, aware that he will never be stronger in this encounter than in this moment of initial surprise, he see memories of briefing meetings, the discussion of just how mentally crippled Terrans are with their lack of telepathy, the utter conviction that every word they are being told by the Terran negotiators is a lie, the plan to investigate the mind of the Terran's lead warrior, the assumption that he would be quite unaware of the intrusion. 

Pike pauses in his headlong rush when it occurs to him that K'he is making no effort to stop him or to hide its memories. He senses intense curiosity and oddly, a perverse delight that this humanoid has proved more interesting than promised. C'thans do not see in the same way humanoids do, so the memories are oddly angled and strangely out-of-focus for Pike and he feels himself succumbing to a bilious sort of mental motion sickness. He pulls back into himself and they remain in a mental stand-off in his head. The physical world has retreated in his awareness although