and  swiped a chair out of her way, hearing it shatter into kindling somewhere across  the room. She hauled back to slap the the words out of his mouth, feeling  excitement and revulsion twist together in her stomach.  He didn't talk. He  didn't know anything. He--

Lilah reached up, oh-so-casual, and took hold of her wrist. She didn't grab, she  didn't hold tight, and her fingers were light and cool against the hot pounding  of Faith's pulse. Faith lowered her arm. Lilah didn't let go.

"You don't need to do this," Wes mumbled. His eyes slid closed, and his  shoulders tensed, then slumped. "Don't, Faith. You're better...have a choice..."

Lilah tilted her head, looking at Wesley like he was an amusing puzzle she could  piece together at her leisure. Her fingers traced fever paths on Faith's skin.  "They're persistent, aren't they?" she said, glancing at Faith as though sharing  a joke with her.

Faith wanted to pull her arm back. She wanted to hit, to feel her knuckles  crunch through bone, to seize Lilah by the throat until that fear came back and  her eyes bulged, her neck stained purple with the outline of Faith's fingers,  until she struggled and tried to cry. She wanted to carve reminders of herself  into Wesley's face with a knife as bright and sharp as light. She wanted--

She stepped forward. Lilah's eyes widened and she backed up--one step, but it  was enough. Faith shuddered, a quick chill, and stepped forward again. Lilah's  fingers still circled Faith's wrist, and she yanked her arm back, jerking Lilah  towards her, off-balance. She fell into Faith, and Faith kissed her, hard, not  caring whose teeth got in the way. She swallowed Lilah's whimper when she bit  down on her bottom lip, and only grunted when Lilah returned the favour. Faith  didn't hold her, didn't trap her with a body too strong for itself. When she  wrenched away from Lilah's lips, she was the one still snared by the hand on her  arm.

A thin line of blood, like dark lipstick, stained the swollen pout of Lilah's  mouth. She lifted a finger to catch the drop. She looked at her hand, then down  at Wesley. He was staring at them with eyes dulled by pain. Lilah smiled, gentle  as a panther, and trailed her bloody fingers across his mouth. He tried to turn  away, but Faith cupped his cheek in her hand, holding him still.

"Come on, Wes," she heard herself say. "Don't you want to play?" She grabbed him  by his shirt front and hauled him up, chair and all, ignoring the strain in his  shoulders where he was still tied to it. She forced her lips against his, taking  his kiss like a stolen prize, tasting his blood and hers and the salt of his  sweat. His shirt tore in her hand and the chair thumped back to the floor. Wes  cried out at the jolt, sprawling half out of the seat.

Lilah knelt in front of him, shoving aside the remains of his shirt, her  fingernails tracing the ragged lines of cuts on his chest. Faith stepped behind  him and snapped off his bonds with a quick rip. She kissed his neck, scraping  with her teeth, and bit hard and sharp on his earlobe. "Leave if you want," she  whispered. She kneaded his shoulders, watching as Lilah's hands pressed lower,  tugging at his fly. "Run, Wes. If that's what you want."

She felt his head turn, the rasp of his stubble against her skin, and then pain  blossomed high on her cheek. He'd bitten her. She hissed, "Bastard," and twisted  sideways to tangle his mouth in hers, one hand splayed on his throat, fighting  not to let her fingers tighten. With her other hand, she clutched his arm and  slipped it inside her t-shirt. His fingers hesitated, stuttered, then grazed  over her breasts, pinching her nipples. They hardened in his hand and she  shuddered, lust scalding her, sinking deep between her legs.

Lilah dragged Wes's pants off and straddled him, her mouth busy on his nipples,  and he groaned into Faith's mouth. She broke the kiss, her breathing ragged, and  grabbed Lilah's dress at the back of the neck, tearing it open. Wesley unhooked  the skimpy black lace of Lilah's bra. Lilah's eyes looked dark and drugged,  nearly frantic, as she pulled Wesley's face to hers for a kiss. He made a  strangled sound, half pain and half wanting, as she jarred his swollen jaw. She  shoved her hand between Faith's thighs and pressed upwards, squeezing against  the seam of her jeans.

Faith yanked off her t-shirt and stepped away from Lilah's hand