. It touched the skin just below his jaw.

All around Keith’s mouth was a web of fine glowing red lines – blood vessels, he realised, burning under his skin, like cracks in volcanic rock as the magma swelled and pushed up from below.

Cracks. He looked as if he was cracking.

Cracks all down his jaw. Cracks stretching down his throat. He swallowed and molten red lines swelled through the black mesh of his underarmour, shining dully in his reflection in Hunk’s blackboard. His skin where the blood vessels glowed itched with heat.

Oh, man, Keith, Hunk wrote in small, shaky letters, drawing even more arrows pointing at Keith’s reflection as if to emphasise his point, are you sure it’s not killing you NOT singing?

 

Shiro may have switched off the feed from Blue to the other lions, but in the Green Lion’s cockpit the music continued.

Pidge manoeuvred Green alongside the Castle Ship. The last note of Shiro’s cello hung on, clinging to the quiet. She was waiting for it to continue. It was curiosity mostly. Some things had to be experienced to be known. The more of this space mould’s musical she could experience, the more she could know, and now they had the Wei-Brordi’s treatment kit, her chances to observe the effects of the space mould were limited.

So far, it had been fascinating. When it came to dancing, Pidge knew that she didn’t have a single coordinated bone in her body but, between the seven of them hallucinating, they could get through a group dance routine with not even one of them tripping over their feet. She had a theory that it had something to do with the ‘semi-telepathic’ aspect of the mould. It pooled their abilities and averaged them, so they had Lance’s sense of rhythm, Hunk’s steadiness on his feet, Allura’s balletic grace (and possibly knowledge of Altean ballet, from how many times Pidge had pirouetted since this all started), Coran’s ballroom flourishes, and, however reluctant Keith was to sing, possibly a portion of his agility and self-awareness. As for what they were getting from Shiro, Pidge had her suspicions. Those terrible rhymes couldn’t entirely be Lance’s fault.

And from Pidge? What were they getting from her?

Easy. Somebody had to be mixing the music into something half-decent in their heads. Matt had had a phase with an electric violin that, if there was a god, ought to have been wiped clean from her memory, but alas, the gods were either indifferent or absent, so she was stuck with it. Pidge had been forced (cough cough forced) to get her own revenge, and that had involved mixing his various cat-yowling noises into something like an advertising jingle, complete with Matt’s voice auto-tuned over the top, that she set to blast on full volume as his messenger ringtone to humiliate him in public.

If she could mix and auto-tune Matt’s electric violin, she could mix some neurotoxin-induced audiosomatic semi-telepathic hallucinations easy.

The cello faded, and then its tune was taken over by an oboe in a deft musical baton touch.

And something about the thin, reedy sound of the oboe made the expanse of space she could just see above the rim of the hangar doors suddenly seem impossibly spacious. Too wide, too large, with too many stars, and too many dark places that weren’t even places tucked in between.

And somewhere out there were Dad and Matt.

Pidge gripped the controls. Green rustled at the back of her mind, her presence both simple in the emotion it conveyed whilst wrapping her up in an organised complexity that was so patterned it was almost soothing.

Almost. There was always a part of the blossoming fractals Green pressed on Pidge through their bond that was a little too alien not to be a touch exciting, but Pidge let Green know that the sentiment was appreciated.

Try the song, Green’s fractal patterns shifted in shapes that reminded Pidge of first broccoli then pine cones, it’ll be interesting. It’ll be new. You’ll have new questions to think about. Where your father and brother are, you don’t have the information to answer that yet. 

Pidge glanced at the panels, saw Hunk and Keith having a silent exchange with their blackboards, Shiro and Lance’s feed still dark as Shiro dealt with thigh-cramps, then switched off her own feed to the other lions. There was nothing to worry about and unlikely to be anything urgent they needed to communicate between them all in the next few minutes. Green was already entering her hangar anyway.

She cleared her throat self-consciously then felt more than a little ridiculous for doing so. It was just her. She was alone. It was no different from humming along to her favourite tunes in her head when she sorted through Galra data in the dead of the night in her room whilst everyone else was asleep.

Green’s fractal patterns bloomed in warm