opponents when they came up, it was important to read their movements as he went in.


The last thing Shouta wanted was to be caught off guard in the midst of a fight. His steps were soundless, a contrast against the roaring stadium full of cheering viewers absolutely surrounding him. It was too noisy, and it was a real drag to be the centerfold of a constant cacophony. Shouta snorted, crossing his arms as he continued to move towards the stage in the center.(edited)
He wanted nothing more than to get this over with and maybe take a nice nap afterwards. Not even maybe, it was a guarantee that his go to after this would be sleep. He was tired, and his look reflected with an almost empty stare. Finally stepping up and onto the platform, he surveyed his current surroundings.


Taking on a more lax pose, he let his arms drop to his side. But he was still on his toes, a more languid manner of moving let him tuck in quicker. Now all he had to do was wait for his opponent, and for a moment he wondered if this would be the one to surprise him. He disregarded it quickly though, unless it was someone skilled in hand to hand combat instead of solely relying on their quirk like the others had, he doubted it.



Watch it be some cocky kid from 1-A of all places, even if that was the class he was aiming for. More than a few had already been knocked out of bounds by his hands, and it was only a bit surprising. Weren't they taught how to react to any situation? But that didn't matter, the Gen. Ed course couldn't offer him what he needed, and the sound of footsteps quickly pulled him out of his thoughts. Eyes turning up from the ground, he took his first look at who he'd be facing next.


 

Shouta's eyes snapped up to meet suddenly to meet.. orange. He couldn't make out the other's eyes, but he didn't need to see them to get a read of the other kid. He was energetic, and maybe even vibrant with the way he presented himself. And he happened to take it upon himself to bother Shouta, which wasn't as annoying as he figured it'd be. He was a new transfer, and hadn't memorized really anyone's names so far.. was this kid, Yamasaki? No.

But the fact of the matter was that he was bugging him, a tap on the shoulder which he'd chosen to ignore the first time. Then he persisted, with a double tap to his shoulder which had brought him out of his previous reverie to come face to face with obnoxiously orange glasses. 

"What is it?" Shouta huffed with a quirked brow, look entirely unimpressed.

The other boy only grinned back at him, seemingly unaffected by the way the other responded. "Since you're new and all, have you picked a hero name yet? Oh, by the ways I'm Yamada Hizashi!"

His fingers curled into the fabric of his jacket with a sharp breath, blunt nails digging into the fibers as something unfamiliar washed over him. Something warm bubbled in him, and it was uncomfortably unshakable. What did he do? What was he supposed to say to the other now? His eyes were darting down to his hands, curling and uncurling anxiously and God, he didn't think it would be this bad when he met his soulmate. Soulmate. He never really cared before, and he shouldn't now, should he?

But looking back at the other, Yamada only kept smiling warmly at him. He wasn't reacting, he wasn't even saying anything about this and-- Oh God. This feeling, it couldn't be one-sided, right? That was how it seemed to come off as, and Shouta could barely even muster the proper words to respond to the other. Eyes darting over the other's face, he took a moment to steel himself, to make sure his voice was calm and unwavering in it's bored tone.

"I.. don't really plan on being in the media, so I don't really care what I'm called." Even then, there was a spot of hesitance.

Yamada leapt up with a grin, and with an unbearably raucous volume he announced his own idea for what Shouta's hero name should be. How obnoxious. "Alriiight then! You'll be Eraserhead!"

"Fine." Shouta could only nod, staring up at him with a heavy gaze before tearing it away from the other to stare at his hands which had at some point began curling over the cold wood of the desk. The other seemed triumphant when Shouta accepted his idea of a name, and he simply ignored it. He needed to pull away, to get out of this classroom as soon as he could. But there was still about forty minutes left, and the other wasn't going to leave him alone it seemed.

"So Shouta-- I