That passion, even if you could barely see his eyes in the camera, was gone.

Back, to that auto pilot.

“Because, I was given specific instructions. To give you these.” Mokuba lay the violin case on your lap. The case was wooden, pristine almost- something that was obviously well taken care of. The sandwich, was all too familiar. He sat back in one of the hospital chairs, taking note of the new flowers that had been put in on one of the tables. Mokuba watched you push away the sandwich- not even chancing to eat anything but saltines the hospital had provided you.

But, he did watch you- with his camera on, as you opened the violin case.

Freezing, you glanced over the dark ebony wood. The musty smell reaching your nose, as you glanced over the bow and violin. Aged, worn, used… Beautiful. Absolutely… Beautiful. Your right hand stroked over the wood for two seconds, as you glanced back at the sandwich. Bologna, your favorite.

“I-I can’t take this.” You whispered, your eyes blazing across the violin with a lit passion Mokuba hadn’t seen in so long. He smiled, and you heard the shutter of a camera. Looking up, you saw that Mokuba had taken a picture of you, in your moment of awe.

“Give it back to him. Please.” Almost pleading, you shut the violin case gingerly. There was no way, no way you could even think of playing this. Not with the way you were, now- and probably forever would be. Mokuba smiled at you, and shook his head with stubborn denial.

“Marrer, wants to recruit you in his new orchestra as Chair 1 for Violin. Plus, he heard through some sort of grape vine that there were new pieces that you were working on. Incomplete, but he was given the original sheets.” Mokuba explained, seeing you process all of this information. It was unbelievable, almost too good to be true.

“The owner of that Stradivarius wants to hear the Lioness play again. Even if her former career was potentially destroyed. There’s always something that can be rebuilt.” Explaining quietly, the younger brother moved to sit on the bed next to you. Glancing at the sandwich that was put on the table, there wasn’t that normal determination in your eyes.

“…I can’t. I’m sorry. But, please. Give this back to him. I’m not worthy.” You whispered, taking the sandwich and throwing it in the trash. Food was the least appealing thing that was on your mind right now. Nor was music… Or the concept of even going back to playing. Not with your right hand, being the way it was. Barely even being able to hold the bow, you pushed the violin case gently back to Mokuba.

Gesturing for him to leave.

It was a silent gesture, something different from yesterday. Mokuba knew better then to press the subject, as he nodded in acceptance. At least you weren’t yelling at him this time. Taking the violin case with him, Mokuba glanced at you once- before leaving. Leaning back in the hospital bed- you just numbly watched the snow fall.

 

You weren’t sure how much time had passed, but eventually you had fallen asleep. But, listening to a violin play so gently for you- you couldn’t help but smile in your sleep. It sounded like Seto… Maybe it was him. Turning and looking at the sound, you opened your eyes to see a familiar blue haired violinist. Immediately, your gentle smile was replaced with one of disappointment.

“Minu, what are you doing here?” You asked, your voice low and coarse with sadness. Minu looked at you with a kindness, regardless of the reaction you just gave him. Glancing around, you found your earbud on one of the night stands, was reluctant to put it in… Seto had fixed it for you. But, wanting to understand Minu- you put the earbud in its rightful place.

‘Just thought I see how you were doing, plus I brought my mother to see the wonderful composer that wrote the next concert I’m participating in.’ As if on cue, a nice little old lady stood from the corner of the room. Minu smiled brightly at you, as you bowed your head lightly in respect to his mother. You were glad to see she was feeling well enough to start traveling.

“Nice to meet you.” Sighing, you couldn’t help but tense up. She smiled at you just as bright as Minu, as you could see where the young man got his smile from.

‘I’m glad to meet you too. Your pieces as absolutely beautiful to hear, always hearing Minu practice at home. Thank you for putting your faith in him.’ She bowed deeply to you, as you waved your hand. Trying to get her to stand. The only reason why you had chosen Minu was because he was the only violinist that had enough skill to