. Like he gets it a lot.

“No, course not, I’m bi m’self,” Zayn says with one of his hard-earned but worth it wide smiles.

And- what? Louis can’t help the way he turns to look at his friend, wide eyed, because seriously, what?

It’s not just how much shit that could get them in if it got back to management, which it easily could because they don’t know these guys, more importantly don’t know that these guys don’t know them, they could easily have some daughter or niece with a poster- it’s also how Zayn doesn’t come out to people he doesn’t trust, and even when he does trust them sometimes he still can’t be bothered, because “it’s none of their fucking business, is it?” so louis doesn’t really get why he just told two veritable strangers, in a crowded bar, that he isn’t straight. Jesus. And there’s that weird jealousy he always gets, when one of Zayn’s secrets isn’t just for them. it’s a jealousy that’s becoming more frequent, these days, a possessiveness that he hasn’t really ever felt before, because it’s starting to feel like Zayn is slipping from his grasp, like whatever it is that’s fucking Zayn up is bigger, stronger, than Louis, is getting more of him than Louis can save.

“Same,” Louis says, because whenever Zayn does something risky Louis has to do it too. That’s the bro code, or something.

The two men smile at them, relax minutely, and then they move on. They spend the rest of the evening talking to Phil and Jack, who are from the area but this is their first time back in five years, because they’ve been travelling, and when Zayn asks “where,” Jack says “wherever the fuck we wanted,” with a soft smile that has Zayn smiling too, with something akin to awe.

Zayn asks a lot of questions, that night, about their travels and how they got together and their jobs, and all sorts of other things that Louis has never seen Zayn be curious about. In fact, if the questions were turned on him, he’d probably get bored and make some weak excuse to leave the conversation.

Now he doesn’t seem bored at all, he seems fascinated, and that fascinates Louis, so while Zayn talks to the couple, Louis looks at him, in a way he never does in public, or at least not for extended periods of time.

Tonight, though, he can’t look away, because Zayn looks absolutely fucking enthralled and it takes a lot for someone to capture his interest like this but it’s so so worth it, and something Louis always goes out of his way to do, because Zayn's eyes widen and his jaw softens and his lips curve and his nose scrunches and it’s just absolutely beautiful, is what it is, and Louis suddenly has the urge to tell Zayn how- but no. not now, not when Zayn needs his support. It’s too much of a risk. Maybe when things go back to normal, when Zayn gets back into the band, maybe then Louis’ll tell him. Although, let’s be real, he’s been delaying it for years already. But it's not like he needs to tell him, because it seems unlikely that Zayn doesn't know, and even if he doesn't- Louis is fine with the idea that friends is all they’ll ever be. It’s a privilege, really, and he’s already luckier than pretty much everyone else ever, just to get to be around him, so he tries not to push it.

Halfway through the night Zayn reaches down and grabs Louis’ hand, and it’s tight and desperate rather than fond or friendly, but Louis still can’t do anything but hold it right back. Eventually it’s last call, and Zayn gives the guys his number so they can give him- and Louis, too- a tour of all the must-see spots in the area, which is nothing more than wishful thinking, but Louis lets him indulge in the fantasy, because Zayn probably knows that better than anyone else.

His smile fades in the taxi, though, and Louis feels disappointed- he had hoped this could be one of the good nights- but not exactly surprised- towards the end of the conversation Zayn’s smile had become more manic, tight, and it didn’t speak of happiness the way most of his smiles do. Louis knew it wouldn’t last behind closed doors.

When they pile into the bus, going for quiet even though everyone else is in the hotel so there’s no one to be quiet for, Zayn instantly goes to the back where the couches are, rather than the bunk. Louis, of course, follows him.

“