he took a sip of his drink, and almost spilled it back into his cup when he saw a mop of familiar black hair sitting outside the Starbucks.

As he often did things, Kyungsoo stepped outside without thinking, coffee in hand. Jongin sat on the bench by the door, his lean structure framed by a large orange coat. He was leaning his head back on the large window, the top of his hair smushed against it, with his eyes closed and earbuds firmly tucked into his ears. His face looked grey under the cloudy sky but serene, no lines cracking his impossibly clear skin and Kyungsoo again wondered if students were allowed to look be so handsome? (Seriously. His generation was not nearly as good-looking.)

Jongin was a lot less intimidating when he actually looked young (and less like he'd stepped out of an issue of Asgardian Weekly.)

He was staring at his student again.

Kyungsoo cleared his throat and lightly tapped Jongin's shoulder. The younger cracked an eye open, automatically removing an earphone. He stared at him hard, more surprised than irritated that someone had disturbed his peace.

"Hi," Kyungsoo managed meekly. He predictably didn't say anything. "Mind if I join you?"

Jongin nodded. Kyungsoo didn't know if that meant yes, I mind or no, I don't mind (because often people confused the proper conventions of answering this question, which then often led to misunderstandings).

He took a few steps back just to be safe, but Jongin didn't stop him. Kyungsoo grudgingly sat down anyway because he wanted to talk to the kid (but not hang out even though they are in a totally un-school-like setting) and satisfy a little bit his curiosity as to why he didn't hand in his reports. Maybe it was his way of rebelling, of sticking it to the man or some jazz - he at least wanted Jongin to tell him.

Jongin looked like he wanted to sigh when Kyungsoo sat next to him, cupping his warm drink in his lap. It was silent between them, a long awkward silence in which Kyungsoo sat looking at everything but Jongin until he decides he didn't like the silence.

"Why don't you sit inside?"

Jongin took a sharp breath, leaning back against the window again. He closed his eyes and shoved his hands deeper in his pockets.

"Being cold takes all of my focus." Kyungsoo frowned. Jongin could feel his frown so he explained, "It's so cold I'm only concentrating on the fact that I'm freezing, and that's enough to distract me from my thoughts."

Kyungsoo clucked his tongue and cooed understandingly. "Interesting theory―"

"Fact."

"Uh-huh," he said cheekily, swinging his legs out on the gravel. "And what do you usually think about?"

Jongin turned his head to look at him. "If I had wanted to think about it, I'd be inside."

Where it's warm and air conditioned, Kyungsoo thought, and suddenly he remembered how cold it was and took a sip of his coffee, still envying the customers bathing in warmth as the caffeine worked its way through his system.

Kyungsoo smiled at Jongin; he stared. "All right, fair enough," he conceded. "Can I ask you a question?" He asked instead of letting silence settle between them. "That isn't that one? Or that one," he felt the need to explain, because he was learning that Jongin was a smart-aleck.

Jongin's eyes flickered.

"You're actually debating saying no," Kyungsoo noted. Jongin laughed. It was a nice, clear sound, like a child receiving his Christmas gift. Kyungsoo decided he liked his laugh.

"I'll only allow it because you're the teacher I hate the least."

"Thanks...?" Kyungsoo felt strangely honoured. "I know I've pestered you a lot about your assignments but,"―a pause―"why don't you hand them in? Is there a problem I'm not aware of...?"

Jongin was characteristically silent. He didn't answer. Kyungsoo watched him expectantly, saw his handsome face twitch as he suddenly struggled to find the words that seem to be locked in his chest. Kyungsoo could tell it was question he'd been asked several times before he had asked, and he was still searching for an answer himself. Kyungsoo waited patiently, and Jongin noted how soft-spoken he was rather than aggressive like so many other teachers had been. He took another sharp breath.

"I'm not good," he started. "With words."

"What? Because you don't use them, or...?"

Like a child being wronged, Jongin faced ahead of him, bent on ignoring his teasing teacher now.

Kyungsoo laughed. "Okay, I'm sorry," he said, amused. "But that's why I'm here, Jongin. To help you become better. If everyone were good at it, I'd have nothing to teach."

Jongin seemed