, but the boy is engrossed in the manual.

Castiel doesn’t look up through their entire transaction, but he can’t help but look up when she giggles loud enough to draw his attention. Dean’s leaning under the hood and Lisa’s hand rests on his shoulder as she leans into him and nods in response to what he’s saying.  

Dean returns the smile and Castiel stands to go and distract himself by looking at engine again. He knows where the spark plugs are. Had known from the moment he’d opened the hood – Dean’s a good teacher.

Mr Singer comes outside and hurries Dean over to him. They talk about something and gesture over to Castiel’s car. Before Dean can call his name to stop him, Castiel is so wrapped up in his thoughts that he goes to grip the plug wire to remove it but he misjudges the distance and his hand lands on the burning hot top of the engine.

The pain is blistering and shoots up his arm, he yelps and stumbles back, inadvertently knocking the back of his head against the hood.His unburnt hand goes to hold the back of this head and Dean’s already by his side, holding his wrist and dragging him inside to run it under cold water, all the while saying things like, it’s okay, and, I’ve got you, and, just breathe.

They stand there, hips together, Dean holding Cas' wrist under the cool water, Cas' other hand squeezing at the back of his head to soothe the pain.

"Shit. I didn't even- I should've known- fuck- Bobby just came and told me-"

"Shut up, Dean." Castiel interjects, his burnt hand's gone limp in Dean's hold. His eyes are screwed shut and he's rubbing furiously at the back of his head.

"I'm sorry, Cas. I had no idea. Bobby told me he'd taken yours for a drive. I didn't even realise, I should've known, I just..."

"If you don't shut up, I swear to every damn deity, I'm going to kiss you right here." Castiel threatens.

Dean quietens.

Castiel can hear the smirk in his voice when he replies.

"You wouldn't dare."

"Don't fucking test me."

Castiel hopes that Dean gives him an excuse... but it never comes.

He tugs his hand out from under the tap in frustration, and, thereby, out of Dean's grip. The hand massaging his head falls to touch against the harsh red marks in his skin.

Dean cards a hand through his hair and rests it against the throbbing. He doesn't want to lean into the comfort, but it's so soothing that he struggles to deny himself.

"I really am sorry, Cas." Dean apologises quietly.

Castiel sighs. "It's not your fault."

"Just fucking kiss and make up already." comes Meg's startling voice and they jump apart by habit. Dean splutters a denial that Castiel turns away at to run his hand under cold water. Sometimes, he thinks Dean’s ashamed of him. Dean makes the effort, sure, but not when it counts. Castiel thinks he should stop trying.

"You coming?" Dean asks him.

"Actually, I’m going to skip class and go home. I’m not feeling well."

"Oh. You want me to come?"

Castiel shakes his head and shuts the tap. "Wouldn’t want anyone to get the wrong idea." He mutters, pushes past Dean to retrieve his bag and walks out of class.

He knows Dean will make up a believable excuse for his absence.

I don't know as much about cars as I'd like, so I got my information for this chapter from http://www.wikihow.com/Change-Spark-Plugs-in-a-Car and http://www.motoringabout.com/when-to-change-spark-plugs/

Also, I know almost next to nothing about how the American education system works (I mean, do you even have Auto Shop?) so, I'm sorry if I got this all grossly wrong - but I did Google it, and in the words of Daniel Radcliffe - I tried and therefore no-one should criticize me :P 

If you're interested, my Tumblr is prettyboydean.tumblr.comDrop me a message, tell me what you thought - i'd hella appreciate it :)

I don't what this is... but it's gonna get worse (pls don't kill me) 

(plus holyshit I can't believe it's been a year since I updated this????)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Castiel avoids everybody on the way out of school, head down, backpack slung haphazardly over his shoulder. Benny tries to get his attention and Castiel stops for him only because it’s about the shop. 

"What?" he tries not