rapidly fading winter light was all that illuminated the scene, the girls bodies wreathed in sunlight as they continued.

    Weiss was melting, the heat continuing to build into a raging inferno. At one point, she thought 'I wonder if this is how Yang feels when she fights', but the thought had been blasted away by a thrust from Ruby's finger. Ruby was breathing with her, the air around them thick and warm. Sweat was building on their bodies, and Weiss's cries were getting a little louder with each thrust. Suddenly the heat of the fire leaped up, and Weiss gave a final cry as she orgasmed hard, her back arcing upward, her cry cutting off half way, as she came.

    She was stuck in that position for what seemed like an eternity, her mind overloaded with the shear force of her ecstasy. Apparently, she blacked out, because when she regained consciousnesses, she found herself covered by one of the blankets, something soft and warm pressed gently against her side. She turned, looking into Ruby's silver eyes. She was surprised. It was dark out, meaning she had been out of it for quite a while. Much longer than she should have been. It had been approaching afternoon when they had started.

    Ruby giggled at her confusion, saying "was it really so good that you passed out, or were you just so tired, you had to sleep?"

    "Both, I think. That was amazing. Even Nor- I mean, no one else ever made me feel like that."

    Ruby raised her eyebrow at the slip, but said nothing, snuggling closer. "This feels right. I guess I'm kinda glad it took us this long to find each other. I kinda think it would have been a train wreck if we had tried this back in school. The relationship I mean.... not, you know, this" she waved her hand at Weiss's nude form.

    Weiss nodded tiredly. She had no doubt that this relationship was more likely to survive thanks to their ages. Suddenly remembering, she said "That's what the necklace was. You were trying to confess to me, weren't you?"

    "I was, but was a little intimidated by your girlfriend at the time. Wait a minute, the suit was a confession to, wasn't it?"

    "I guess Yang was right. We are both unobservant. We should have known. But like you said, I'm glad we didn't."

"'m not sure I can say I love you, but I really do, Weiss."

"I know, and I love you too. What say we get some rest, and talk in the morning, though? I'm still tired as hell."

"Alright. Oh, um. I sort of have a message from Nora. She told me while we were still in school. She told me to tell you this if we ever got together."

"Oh? And what was it?"

Ruby leaned in close, whispering it in her ear. "You really are a tsundere."---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    Weiss's defiant shouts woke Yang in the room next door. She sat up, yawning, and said "damn it, whats the shouting about?"

    Blake's arm wrapped around her waist, her breasts pressing against Yang's bare back. "Leave them to themselves. I was having a good dream. lets see if I can make it back."Yang turned, smiling at her. She kissed Blake, saying, "alright, alright. I need some more sleep anyway."

She curled up with her feline friend, and was soon asleep again.

The Girls have a talk, and Ruby and Weiss learn of the newcomers

Yang woke to the tickling sensation of fur under her chin. Her eyes opened wide, and she tried to sit up. She panicked for a second when she realized she was pinned under something, then relaxed when she realized what, or more correctly, who, it was.

    Blake was curled up on her chest, effectively holding Yang in place. A slight snore eased from Blake, who was using Yang's bare breasts as pillows. She couldn't help but laugh at the sight. The noise woke Blake, who sat up slowly, stretching. Yang admired the way her body moved, no longer in a hurry to get up.

    Her muscles were lean, present but not overly defined, her body smooth and soft, unlike Yang's, which was a bundled cord of tight muscles and sex appeal, as she liked to think of herself.

    Blake's hair was frizzy, but not puffy, adding a rather endearing effect to her. Her arms stretched up over her head, not caring to preserve any sort of modesty, her breasts jutting out healthily from her chest. Yang could feel a slight rise in her temperature as she observed this.

    Blake's skin had a red flush to it, a consequence of being in such close proximity to Yang for too long.    "Hot?" Yang asked, a wide grin cutting across her face.    "My