nearby shelf. He tugged off his tie and shirt, and threw them aside.

All the while, the skeleton watched. His soul beat in his chest, crying out for the other with an intense ferocity. As the other pulled his fiery shaft from his pants, he groaned heavily. While he didn’t like the appendage in his mouth, it offered a new potential for deeper, stronger warmth. The sight made his freezing soul shiver with want. He could practically feel the other’s heat already.

 

 

Grillby looked very pleased with his reaction.

He flashed him a hot grin and stroked his hand along his length, bringing it back at the ready, and displaying its lovely curve to him.

Naked and completely exposed to the surrounding chill, he shivered as the cold around him began to settle into his bones fiercely. “G-Grillby, I’m s-so c-cold.” He whispered through his rattling, hoping that the fire monster might hurry to embrace him and warm him.

The fire monster’s flames grew in response to his needy begging, and he finally, finally came back over to him. He crouched at his feet, and looked over him with interest. His eyes focusing on his lightly glowing pelvis. The skeleton gasped as the other leaned forward and ran his hot tongue along the arch. His mind went blank from the pleasure, so unused to anything so warm and so good. He moaned and shifted his hips, slowly humping into the other’s exploring tongue. Before long, he felt his soul gain strength and grow hotter. The magic in his pelvis began to settle and form.

Grillby made an approving sound as a red cock took form and stood proudly from between his legs. “You’re so pretty, Pap.” He cooed as he wrapped a hand about his length.

“Ahn…” He moaned from the touch. Fuck, he felt like his soul might explode. This was amazing. The blazing hand stroked him gently, teasingly. It was not enough friction, but he was happy to receive anything. “Mmn…”

 

 

He gasped as he felt his hips lifted up.

The other monster let go of his member as he brought his hips to settle in his lap.

“N-nyeh!” He cried out as the other shoved himself inside his pelvic cavity roughly. Panting harshly and whining pitifully from the pain, he struggled as the other rammed himself into his unprepared entrance. “S-stop! Grillby, please!” He screamed and tried to grasp at the other, but of course it was fruitless without hands.

“Relax, Pap, and it won’t hurt so much!” Grillby growled as he continued his onslaught, breath heavy as he gripped him roughly by the waist.

The skeleton bit back more cries and tried to relax. The pain did not stop until what seemed like forever. Finally, he felt the rawness start to subside, and he welcomed the pleasure that took its place. Grillby fucked him deeply, his burning hot cock and precum coating the inside of his pelvis and dripping onto his sacrum. The magma hurt, but it was better than the cold. The chill in his bones was far worse than anything. He wrapped his legs about his back and tried to pull him closer, tried to receive more of the monster’s warmth.

Grillby was kind and heeded his need.

He fell forward and splayed himself over the skeleton, driving into him and letting his flaming body lick at his bones. “Grillby.” He moaned against his cheek, wrapping his stumps about his neck as best he could.

The fire monster picked up his pace, smoke trailing from his mouth as he growled lowly at his throat, “Say my name again.”

The skeleton was awash with pleasure, his soul beaming with a light it hadn’t known in ages. “G-Grillby!” He cried out obediently, earning him a pleasurably hot nip at his throat. “F-fuck! Grillby, hah-ah!

 

 

A hand ran into his chest and grasped his soul.

The skeleton screamed and bucked hard, his cock twitching with need as he sought friction against the body above him.

The fire monster pulled the soul from his ribcage, and crushed it to his chest. “Shit, Pap!” He groaned as he continued to plow the body below him, the magic of his soul tightening around him and straining with pleasure.

 

With a final scream, the skeleton came. His magic squeezed around the length inside him, milking the other until hot cum splattered across his bones. His cock released his own seed, sizzling and burning away as it met the fire monster’s flames. His soul burst in a huge and sudden flow of magic, gripping onto the soul of the fire monster in its excitement.

A new pleasure wrapped himself in its grasp.

A fiery hot soul engulfed his own, all but devouring him as he was filled with its owner’s essence. His breath caught in his throat. It was hot, too hot. He was actually hot. He panted and squirmed, his soul felt like it was burning. Luckily the moment