other hand and caused a small but violently loud explosion to go off in his hand. 

 

"Get the hell outta here before I blow you to the moon." The blond threatened in a low menacing tone before flinging the man's arm back and watching him yelp. The message seemed to be well received as the man quickly ran out of the store. 

 

Midoriya felt almost sick watching this... feeling shame in his uselessness during that situation. He had come up with a strategy sure, but realized that it would have taken quite a while for the police to arrive. Would he have just taken a beating in the meantime? He knew he couldn't attack the man, and had resolved not to use one for all. Therefore, he hadn't thought of using the quirk in a threatening way that doesn't physically harm anyone. 

 

Midoriya merely slumped to the floor in shock at his shortcomings, though that didn't stop Bakugo from yelling at him. 

 

"What the hell were you doing?! Were you just gonna stand there, you idiot?" The taller boy chastised the other and pulled him up off the floor. 

 

"I...I just..." Midoriya began, his face blank before tears brimmed in his eyes. "I froze. I didn't know what to do!!" He yelled back and furiously wiped the tears away.

 

"What?! You always know what to do! It's one of the reasons I hate your ass! Stop fucking crying!" Bakugo replied, though his tone seemed to soften to one of mild annoyance. 

 

"I can't stop! They just keep coming...!!" 

 

"Fucking-- Deku, stop that shit! So what if you couldn't think of something on the spot this one time! That's what you had me.... for...." Bakugo stopped as if he realized something and let the other go. 

 

"Oh my God. No wonder they keep pairing us up with other people." 

 

Midoriya couldn't help but chuckle as he cleaned his face with a tissue, wondering why it seemed to take this long for his childhood friend to realize the power of teamwork. "Yes... and... thank you. Again. But next time I'll definitely be the one to save you!"

 

"Yeah right, you only seem to be good at talking to kids and fanboying over All Might."

 

A faint smile played on Midoriya's lips as he replied, "you're talking about that one kid you yelled at...? I feel like I could resonate well with him because he was quirkless. He was inspired to come to the café because it portrayed all his favorite heroes... really, just to come to a café he was super excited. You should probably be nicer to kids.... they may end up helping you once you're old and retired, haha."

 

Bakugo seemed to have an uninterested expression but he listened the whole time, getting up only to grab his jacket and prepare to leave. "Yeah yeah, whatever. Like some quirkless brat is gonna surpass me." He muttered under his breath before tossing Midoriya's jacket to him as well. 

 

"Hurry up and flip the sign before anymore useless drunks walk in."

Midoriya p.o.v

"Three sundaes, an omelet, and an iced tea to table five." Yelled Kacchan who was just leaving the kitchen with platters of food.

"Right!" I shouted back as I placed two trays of sweets down in front of some kids. The café was busy as always, though I was making a lot fewer mistakes lately. As for Kacchan, it was rare of him to make a mistake in the first place. I couldn't help but wonder if he had a job like this already with the way he was able to manage it all.

"Five hero specials, table six!"

"Alright!"

"Two apple juices and spicy curry to table one."

"O-Okay..." I muttered as I tried to memorize all this information. I sighed in disbelief at the amount of time management this job seemed to take.

Jeez, and I thought I was getting better.

"Excuse me mister, I ordered the strawberry cheesecake." A woman addressed me as she pointed down at the wings in front of her.

Ah! Had I messed up the order...? Were the wings for table three then? Then who did I give cheesecake to just now?!

"Sorry ma'am! I-I'll take that back...!" I apologized before looking at both my hands which were already full holding two silver platters.

"Um.. ah-" Before I could even get a word out, I felt the platters leave my hand and a familiar blond head brush past me.

"Deku the bathroom in the employee room needs cleaning. Hop to it, nerd." Kacchan said with a scowl as he began tending to the tables that I should be serving.

"Uh sure..." I said with a slight nod, still a bit frazzled about all the orders in my head as I grabbed the mop and bucket from the storage closet. Letting out a sigh as I finally had a moment to breathe, I