she is so mad at Eli herself.

 

She doesn't know why she must feel this way...

 


'For sure,Eli is just helping her! Maybe that's it!'


 

But no matter what she thinks at the positive side, the cons were taking over.

 


'Hmph..'


 

She then sighed sharply and stood up before walking away with a huff.

 


'Damn her then, she looks happy with that girl!'


 


~afternoon~


 

Nozomi was just lying on her bed while having a staring contest with her phone screen that has the selfie of Eli and her as wallpaper.

 

She was eagerly waiting for Eli's text message.

 

After more moments...

 

"Aghhhhh!!! Fine then!!!" Nozomi annoyingly said to herself and quickly typed to send a text to the blonde.

 

 





Eli's reply just made Nozomi even more annoyed so she quickly replied back.

 





 





 

Nozomi then placed her phone on the bedside table and used her pillow to cover her head annoyingly.

 

"Idiot..." she pouted.

 

But why should she be like this over such nonsense? She and Eli weren't lovers right?

 

And that thought pained her heart like it was struck with thousands of needles.

 

"What's with me anyway?" She asked herself and uncovered her head before hopping off from her bed to get her tarot cards.

 

She then took a card and flipped it up seeing a heart tied up with vines coated with rose thorns and a cage surrounding the heart. She sighed deeply and put it down.

 


'I'm....jealous?'


 

She then encircled her arms and put her elbows and arms on the table,placing her head above them. Her eyes were softening with a faint blush on her cheeks.

 

"Why...?"

 


~that evening~


 

Eli went to her room and sighed in fatigue as she placed her bag on the sofa bed. She already ate dinner when she was with her new friends so she just needs to take a shower and head to bed.

 

But judging from her expression right now, she seems fatigued from stress rather than from fun.

 

Her text conversation with Nozomi weighed her mind alright. Big time.

 

'I wonder what's wrong with her today?' She thought as she went to the bathroom and removed her clothes, revealing her almost perfectly-refined body with toned muscles. And she has those lightly shown six-pack abs like they were implanted on her stomach in the first place.

 

She then shrugged and went to take a shower.

 

And after that, she then went to her bed and texted Nozomi.

 


'I guess I will ask her tomorrow...for sure she won't answer me in a text anyway..'


 

She sighed at that thought as she settled herself in her bed.

 

Nozomi just has her pouted face while looking away from Eli who was sweat-dropping.

 

The two of them were in Nozomi's classroom. Eli suddenly went there to ask about what is wrong with Nozomi yesterday. Sure,Nozomi would be surprised. Of what's more,all of her classmates who arrived early were staring at them with smirks on their faces like they were watching a romantic-comedy movie.

 

And it is still early in the morning so there's not much students around the whole school.

 

"Umm...Nozomi? Please tell me what is wrong?" The blonde asked worriedly as she was about to place a hand on Nozomi's shoulder.

 

But the purple-haired just slapped it away,"It's nothing,really,why don't you go back to your classroom? I'm your 'so-called' friend was looking for you." She replied while moving her index and middle fingers from both of her hands up and down while she was saying 'so-called'.

 

The blonde just slightly groaned as she rubbed her nape,"Nozomi, she is really just my friend? Why are you so mad about it?"

 

Nozomi stopped,oh yeah,why would she get mad over something like that? She shouldn't be right? Well,she and Eli were just having a great time as friends.

 

"I-It's none of your business."

 

"Nozo-"

 

"I said it's none of your business."

 

Eli just went silent and sighed,"Are you...jealous?"

 

Nozomi then suddenly blushed,"W-Wha-- why would I?!"

 

"Well...you just got mad at me yesterday when I told you I was with my friend."

 

"I-I don't know what you're talking about!"

 

Eli just sighed and looked at her watch,"I have to go back to class, would you like to have lunch with me today? My treat."

 

"...fine." She replied and the blonde smiled.

 

"Alright. See you later!" And she walked off, leaving Nozomi in her seat who just sighed.

 

Then a group of females started surrounding her, fangirling.

 

"Is Eli your partner?!"

 

"I ship you two!!"

 

"Why is it that you two act like a married couple?!"

 

"Were you two fighting just now?"

 

Nozomi just sweatdropped at the comments and chuckled nervously.

 

"C-Calm down everyone, I will answer all of