!' really loudly.“You’re still as loud as ever,” Yifan chuckled. “I’m glad you haven’t changed while I was away.”Chanyeol’s smile turned sad and he quickly looked away, motioning for his boyfriend to come in. He hurriedly disappeared to put Yifan’s suitcase in the bedroom, letting his boyfriend look around. He hoped he would be able to put Yifan at ease, his lover looked a little stiff for someone who came back in his own home. When he came back, Yifan was standing in the middle of the room, eying his wall of pictures and postcards with attention.“Welcome home,” Chanyeol whispered, circling his arms around Yifan’s waist, before leaning his cheek on his shoulder with a content sigh. His boyfriend squeezed his hands, and finally relaxed in his hold.They stayed silent for a while, both looking at Chanyeol’s pictures of the both of them on the wall. Chanyeol remembered every story behind each picture, cherishing their moments together. He hoped Yifan did too.“Have you eaten?” Chanyeol mumbled in his jacket.Yifan turned around and detached himself from Chanyeol to face him. “Yes, don’t worry, but I’m in need of a shower. I stink!” he answered, grimacing.Chanyeol pouted at him and shook his head disapprovingly. “You don’t!” He knew he was acting like a kid, but he wasn’t ready to let go of Yifan yet. He wanted to keep his boyfriend close, to feel Yifan’s presence next to him.Offering him a small smile, Yifan took his hands in his and brought them to his lips, kissing his palms. “I’m not going anywhere, I swear. I’ll be in the bathroom, I can keep the door open if you want to, or you could join me?”Chanyeol looked down at their linked hands, biting his lips. He was acting stupid again. Pulling himself together, he laughed and pulled away. “Go take a shower, I’ll wait for you here.”Yifan looked like he wanted to protest, searching his eyes, but ended nodding once. He stayed still for a minute though, hesitating. Chanyeol smiled reassuringly at him then and helped him out of his jacket, egging him on to go take his shower.Chanyeol’s smile fell as he sat down on the couch, taking his head in his hands. They were trembling and he was fighting the tears away, his feelings all jumbled. Yifan was finally back and it made him happy, but at the same time he felt utterly lost and afraid. He couldn’t help but think about the next time Yifan would leave, would leave him, and that thought terrified him.While Yifan was away, Chanyeol had felt so lonely. Yifan took away a piece of his heart with him, and Chanyeol had felt empty without him. Without his boyfriend by his side, Chanyeol wasn’t really himself and that scared him. It made him realize that he couldn’t live without Yifan; his boyfriend was his everything and it was a frightening thought.Chanyeol didn’t want to depend on Yifan. He didn’t want his life to resume around his boyfriend. He wanted to be strong with him and without him. He wanted them to be equal in their relationship, he wanted—no, he needed—balance.His grip on Yifan’s jacket tightened and he sighed, feeling helpless. Something fell at his feet then, and he bent over to catch it, curious. It was a picture—a picture of the two of them taken with Chanyeol’s instant camera just before Yifan had left. Chanyeol smiled softly.At first, Yifan hadn’t wanted to take pictures, but Chanyeol had insisted. If Yifan had to leave, he wanted to keep a recent memory of them together while he was waiting for his return. He hadn’t known that Yifan had taken one of the pictures. The latter hadn’t told him.Chanyeol bit his lip, keeping his gaze on the picture. Could it be that Yifan had felt the same way? His lover was a secretive person—he didn’t talk much about his feelings or worries so the younger had assumed he had been fine to leave and to be separated from Chanyeol. Not even once did Yifan break down like Chanyeol did—on the phone with his lover, or by himself in their empty home.Perhaps Chanyeol had been wrong. Perhaps Yifan had been hurting, too. Maybe more than him, because Yifan had been the one to leave Chanyeol behind. It suddenly dawn on the younger how selfish he had been. He had acted like he had been the only one suffering, caring, and loving in their relationship.Yifan’s silence didn’t mean he didn’t care, after all. Chanyeol felt more and more guilty, ashamed of his attitude. He had been too immersed in his own pain to even see Yifan’s. And his lover hadn’t said anything because it had been his responsibility,