himself more space. He shifts, pulls back a little and Barbara whines at the loss of contact, frowns for a second before she realises what he's planning on doing. He hooks his fingers into her panties and she lifts her hips off the bed so it's easier for him to get them off.

"Much better," he says smugly, looking down at her all spread out underneath of him, pussy wet and the same colour as her lips.

Niall wouldn't admit it, but he could definitely blow his load just from seeing her like that.

He doesn't waste time anymore, gets right to it, fits his parted lips over her sweet spot and sucks. Without any kind of warning he pushes a finger inside of her, doesn't bother to be gentle because he knows she'll come so much harder if he's a little rough. He twists his finger, thrusts up, up, to get the right angle. She meets his fingers, can't keep her body still and Niall's lips and chin are shiny with her wetness.

Barbara is still pulling at his hair, harder than before, but he's not complaining. He's a bit like her, he sometimes prefers it a bit rough, it's why their thing works. They're not dating – god no – and no matter how often their friends tease them about their weirdly codependent friends with benefits relationship, they won't start dating any time soon, either. It's just best friends who have sex. Loads of amazing, mind-blowingly good sex.

Niall feels Barbara's body tense and her legs tremble, signalising she's close. He pulls back all of a sudden, when she's seconds away from coming and leaves her frustrated and desperate.

Niall rummages through the pile of clothes on the floor to find his jeans somewhere, fetching a condom from his pocket. His boxers are discarded a second later and god, he's so achingly hard, he can't wait to get inside of her.

"You could've made me come and then fuck me, y'know," Barbara points out as Niall lines up, her arms hooked around his neck.

"I know, babe. 's funnier this way though," he smirks, leans down to kiss her, open mouthed and eager. She can taste herself on his tongue, but it's not bad, it's not like she isn't used to it.

When he slips inside her cunt, one quick thrust until he's balls-deep inside of her, it's his turn to moan. "Jesus Christ," he breathes against her soft, full lips, and she's the one smirking now. She runs her hand down Niall's back until she's got a grip on his perky ass and slaps it cheekily before squeezing it. Niall's got a really cute butt, who can blame her.

"Fuck me," she says, looking him dead in the eyes, cocking an eyebrow, "hard."

It's a challenge.  Niall wonders how a girl like her, so sweet and soft and angelic, can be so demanding. It's unbelievably hot.

 Besides, they're so alike, so it's easy for everything to turn into a challenge, really. It's all fun and games though, and it keeps things interesting, being a bit competitive. It keeps the tension up.

Niall does as he's told. He slips almost all the way out before thrusting back in, burying his dick inside of her over and over again, sharp, quick thrusts leaving her breathless. Her toes curl and it's too much, too much, Niall's thick cock filling her up so nicely. He brings his hand up to her pussy and thumbs at her clit – and that does it. She throws her head back, arches her back off the bed and comes hard, groaning loudly. Niall fucks her through her orgasm, tightly grips her small waist until the skin around his fingertips turns red.

They've had sex often enough for him to know that he's got to give her a minute before continuing, so he kisses her, licks into her mouth and brushes her hair from her neck. Niall starts kissing her throat down to her shoulder, leaves a trail of wet, open mouthed kisses on her skin. He takes his time. With his other hand he cups her tit and plays with her nipple, her chest rising and falling rapidly. He slowly starts moving again, picks up the pace slowly and he can't decide whether he just wants to fuck her senseless and get off, or if he wants to savour the feeling, being inside her tight heat.

It takes a bit to get her going again, but he knows Barbara, knows how to fuck her best. Soon enough she starts rocking back again, lewd sounds of skin slapping against skin filling the room, mixed with high pitched whines and throaty groans. They're both