had to hit pause again, nearly falling off his chair. That was…intense. Jongin was a quiet guy, Sehun wouldn’t have peg him to be so vocal in bed. To say he was shocked was an understatement. He wouldn’t admit it to his face, but it was kind of hot. Playing the video again, he unconsciously licked his lips as Jongin’s free hand teased his balls, rolling them between his fingers expertly. Jongin’s thighs were slightly trembling too, his voice getting high pitched as he reached his climax. His grip on his length was stronger now and he was jerking himself off pretty quickly too, the slick sound of his lubed hand around his cock getting louder and louder.

Sehun was transfixed by the view, his mouth half-open, as Jongin sped up, more precum flowing down his cock. His groans turned into grunts and now Sehun was regretting not being able to see his face because it must have been a real work of art. His best friend was too damn hot for his own sake. Sehun’s eyes shifted to his hardened nipples and he bit his lip, surprising himself when he thought of sucking on them. This time when he clicked pause, he freaked out. What the fuck? How could he think about sucking on Jongin—his best friend—‘s nipples? Sehun was starting to understand why Jongin would think it was weird. Although Sehun suspected Jongin didn’t think weird as in “I’ll get turn on by watching you jerk off” kind of weird.

Looking down at his lap, Sehun grimaced at the tent that was deforming his boxers. Now that was really weird. He couldn’t even explain it. Perhaps it was a normal reaction for a nineteen years old? Shaking his head, his finger hovered on the play button before he decided that fuck it, he would finish watching that damn video and get it over with. He knew Jongin was close anyway—how could he tell, he didn’t know, and he didn’t want to look too much into things.

Jongin was breathing hard, obviously suppressing his moans, before he finally came in white spurt all over his hand and stomach, letting out a deep groan. He kept a firm grip on his cock, not stopping his movements, milking his cock dry. His abs kept flexing as he came down his high, his erratic breathing as background noise, his cock softening as the minutes passed. He splayed his hand on his semen, spreading the white substance instead of wiping it off and Sehun stared, entranced. The younger’s heart was beating fast and his cock was now rock hard in his boxers as the video turned black. He was fucked.

     

 

 

“Are you listening to me?” Jongin whined.

Sehun’s head snapped back to look at him and he blinked. “Sorry, um, what were you saying?”

“I was asking you if you wanted to play another round?” Jongin repeated, exasperated. “Why are you so distracted these days.”

At the word “round”, Sehun’s ears went pink. He cleared his throat to hide his discomfort. “Sure.”

Jongin frowned but shrugged, sliding down his bed to grab the controller. Sehun’s eyes followed the action in a daze, staring at the patch of skin displayed by the rise of Jongin’s shirt. He found himself staring at Jongin a little too much nowadays. If it wasn’t his crotch, it was his butt, his tan skin, or worse…his mouth. He still wondered how Jongin’s face looked when he was pleasuring himself. It was weird.

Sehun hasn’t watched other videos of Jongin, as tempting as it was, because he felt guilty. Jongin didn’t want him to watch his videos and Sehun felt that he betrayed him by doing it anyway. It was intimate somehow. Strangers watching Jongin’s videos were okay, they were strangers, they didn’t know Jongin, his face, his personality, his dumb jokes or his dreams. Sehun knew all of that though. He didn’t watch a dude jerking off, he watched Jongin, his best friend jerking off, and it was so damn wrong. What made it more wrong was that he enjoyed it, got hard while watching him rubbing one on.

Jongin was his best friend. He kept repeating it again and again in his head because it seemed surreal. Sehun had always found Jongin hot, and sure he enjoyed the sight of his half-naked or naked body before but not to the point of getting turned on by it. Sehun wasn’t bothered to find a dude hot, he really could care less, and he knew Jongin didn’t care too. But. They were best friends. That was the problem. Sehun was trying not to hyperventilate. Perhaps he was just horny and needed to get laid. The thought was unconvincing though, because deep down Sehun knew it much more complicated than him needed sex.

 

 

 

Sehun couldn’t help it. He did it again. He clicked on Jongin’