brought on himself. Sirius smiled back, reassuringly. He could handle it. It's not like he felt a growing dread in the pit of his stomach, or a nervousness that made him want to vomit. It's not as if he knew that his parents were angered more than anything by the idea of associating with muggles. Sirius wasn't scared and the book in his robes certainly did not burn into his side filling him with guilt.

As soon as Sirius closed the mansions door behind him, he felt the atmosphere instantaneously change. Orion glared at him. "A muggle author? You should know better. Not my son. Regulus could handle himself, but Sirius has to be different. Don't expect supper tonight, or breakfast tomorrow. In fact, don't even come to the kitchen. I don't want to see your face." Orion as usual, was swift and effective. He didn't lose his composure.

"Yes father," said Sirius. This was usually accompanied by an apology, but Sirius did not intentionally pick a muggle book. He refused to apologize when he felt he did no wrong.

As Orion left, Sirius turned to face the real horror, Walburga. Unlike Orion, she would gladly lose her composure. In fact, she almost went looking for reasons to shout.

"My son, My son! Associating with muggle authors! Why can't you just be a good boy like your brother? Is it that hard to be still and follow your father. It's as if you purposely try to make us look bad! You incompetent excuse for a Black. I will stand none of this nonsense, understood?"

"Yes mam," Sirius said before softly muttering that he didn't mean to and that it wasn't his fault. This was responded to with a solid slap.

"How dare you!" Walburga screeched. "Backchatting. The nerve of you! I am your mother! If you insist on defending an action in support of muggles, then I suppose I ought to punish you the muggle way. Goodness, My parents used the cruciatus to keep me in check. Don't think that I wouldn't use it on you."

Sirius nodded, knowing fully well that his mother had never experienced the cruciatus curse before, at least not on the receiving end. He left, eyes downcast, before his mother could come up with something else to say. All the while, the Famous Five book indenting his side.

At the top of the staircase, Sirius began to rush to his bedroom. He gently closed his door before bursting into quiet tears. It's always him in trouble, he had missed way too many meals for a boy his age. He never means any wrong. Perhaps he should run away?

Once Sirius calmed down, he took the book out of his robe, the sight of it sending him back into tears. Maybe it was always his fault! He shouldn't have taken it, if his parents saw the book he would receive a punishment far worse than missed meals and yelling. Then again, this is the first time he actively worked against his parents wishes. If they were going to accuse him of associating with muggles, as they have before and he knew they would again in the future, and he would be punished for the act regardless of his intent, then he might as well really do it. Justify the yelling he had just received, and would receive.

Crawling into bed without changing out of his robes, a teary eyed, snotty nosed, pureblood boy opened a book. The nine year old heir to the noble house of Black found himself in solace within the four walls of a muggle children's story. An irony set by fate.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Sirius Black woke up at 5:00 sharp, as he was accustomed to. Poppy would be there to wake him up by 6:00. That gave him fifty minutes to read and if he finished a book, write to Mr Spark. At 5:50 he would hide his books behind the cupboard and return to bed, closing his eyes until Poppy gave him a light shake. The boy would then groan dramatically, and be sure to make Poppy go through a routine struggle in order to wake him, Poppy bullied the more meek elves.

On this specific day, Sirius spent his morning time packing his school trunk. It had already been packed by the elves the previous day, but not to his liking. Apart from ensuring he had neat and new school robes and books, his parents bought him new weekend clothes that would be formal and respectable. Hogwarts was a very public space. Sirius exchanged these clothes with more comfortable, casual wear, not wanting to be the laughing stock of his year. He quickly tucked his adventure book into the bottom of the now untidy trunk, before returning to bed for Poppy's arrival.

Instead, his brother came to wake him up. The devil attempted to draw a moustache on Sirius's face (revenge for a similar prank played on