method, though, the way he slung the rope around her body was always intricate and beautiful, making her feel honored that he would expend so much time and effort on trussing her up for him to admire as she worked.

Also, she noticed that, on the evening he had bound her arms to her back in a way that left her entirely unable to use her hands, a lot of the chores had, in fact, already been completed by the time she arrived, the message abundantly clear: He would rather spend the evening on their mutual gratification than on her doing the work. Oh, he had given her tasks to do, but all of them had been manageable with her mouth or, on occasion, her feet, such as picking up stray items of clothing which had randomly materialized all over the floor in the living area, and cleaning up an ‘accidental’ spill of – of all things – strawberry jam on an otherwise immaculate kitchen floor. She did not even know he indulgedin anything sweet – and perhaps he did not and had purchased the stuff for this particular purpose. Considering how often he had hinted at her licking something up, it seemed that he finally wanted to see her actually do it, and had deliberately set it up to where she did not have much of a choice. Not that she minded, particularly since he had chosen to ‘spill’ something that was enticing rather than repellent.

When she indulged his fantasy, her tongue slowly dragging across the linoleum, she trained her eyes upward as he stood in front of her, although she could not see past his knees from her low position. Nevertheless, she could hear his reaction in the way his air intake deepened, in the way his breathing hitched when she allowed herself a small smile as she saw to her task with dedication. After she had finished, she gradually lifted her torso upright, the corners of her mouth still drawn upward, and punctuated her efforts by slowly licking her lips.

For a moment, she thought he would either pull her up and throw her on the counter, or jump her while she was still on the floor, the bulge of his erection plainly in her view, his eyes wild as he stared down at her as if mesmerized. However, he kept himself under control.

Abruptly turning away, he muttered, “Adequate. Dusting next – the space in front of the books will suffice today.”

His hands lingered longer than necessary on the slings and interwoven portions of the rope that night while he freed her, and although he did not speak up, Athena got the impression that he was lost in thought – or perhaps in fantasies of what could have happened.

After returning to her apartment, she teased a rather amazing orgasm out of herself, imagining him pouncing on her and taking her on the kitchen floor while she was still bound and unable to resist, although she could not help but notice that it was nowhere near as forceful as the one the night he had spanked her.

***

Simon, too, was unable to keep from laying hand on himself the moment Athena had left on Thursday night, envisioning much the same thing she did. Yet, when he caught his breath after he had finished, concern began to gnaw its way through the exhausted bliss he had never really found with his one-night stands.

That was too close for comfort. He had been a hair’s breadth away from forgetting himself when she had gazed up at him with that devilish little smile, licking her lips.

Time for a change in routine – for the time being. He adored practicing his kinbaku technique on someone who seemed to derive as much pleasure from it as he did, not only aesthetically, but also erotically. However, continuing further down that road right now would lead them astray. They would return to this at some point next week, once things had settled down for a short while.

Friday evening, he did not truss her up again; instead, he presented her with a wide, padded leather collar and a retractable leash.

“The rope gave you leave to walk wherever you pleased,” he whispered lowly next to her ear as he fastened the buckle, delighting in her trembling. “Since it should be up to me to determine where you’re allowed to go, I decided to address this problem.”

As the couch was fairly centrally located in Simon’s apartment, and the leash he had purchased was 26 feet long, she was able to reach all necessary areas without him rising or letting go of the plastic leash handle. However, she had to watch out to not accidentally swipe things off the kitchen counter with the strong nylon cord, and to not force him to turn, nor to entangle him. It took her about half an hour until she had learned how to move with the collar on, and he dressed her down for being an “untrainable little bitch” a couple of times, although it had been hard to conceal a smirk from her, and the way her eyes glittered told her that she knew exactly that he was not as irate as he pretended to be, although she clearly appreciated the effort.