surprise. But it wasn’t as painful as she was expecting it to be. She had been staring straight at the two pearly fangs that had sank into her skin just several minutes ago when she was trying to hold back the instinct driven Mika.

She could feel the warm liquid leave her body through the two small punctured holes in her neck as Mika drank the blood flowed from the newly created wound.

If someone had ever asked her what she would do if her best friend had turned into a vampire years ago, she would have punched their lights out. But no matter when she would be asked this question, her answer would always be to accept him as he was.

It was Mika who accept Yuu into the Hyakuya family and show her unconditional love. It was Mika who had been super patient with her and helped her get through their times in Sanguinem. It was also Mika who was gave her the strength to live and train to kill the vampires that ripped apart their family. And yet he had become what they both hated so much.

But that fact does bother Yuu. She was just happy that Mika was alive.

What does bother her was for four years, Mika had to live alone in the underground city as a vampire. Having to live in the prison that held him and his family for four years and the place where the seventh progenitor slaughtered their family without a second thought.

Despite Yuu not wanting to admit it, Guren had been there for her after she escaped from Sanguinem.

From what she recalled Mika shouting at her earlier, he was by himself, living with the guilt of causing the death of their family and handing Yuu to the humans to use as they like. Yuu tried to refute both but Mika won’t listen to any of it.

“Welcome home, Mika,” Yuu said as the idea crossed her mind. She finally had Mika back.

She felt something wet drip onto her skin as Mika pulled away from her. Yuu could already feel Asuramaru’s power healing her wound. But she pushed that thought aside as she looked at Mika who turned away from her.

“Mika…?” Yuu called out and reached out to the blond but retracted her hand when he turned back to her. His eyes were no longer the blue that reminded her of the sky on a sunny day, but a red hue that is the shared characteristics of the vampires Yuu had encountered in both the underground city and those she killed during her missions. But they glistened with unshed tears and she thought for a moment why.

“I’m a monster now, aren’t I?” Yuu scowled at the words that left the blond. “You’re horrible, Yuu-chan… You’re the one that made me into a real monster.”

“You’re the one the one that let this horrible monster into your family,” Yuu deadpanned before softening her expression into a smile and used her thumbs to wipe the unshed tears. “But I’m glad you did, even if I was being stubborn about it.”

Mika tried to turn his head away but couldn’t because of Yuu’s hands cupping his cheeks so he resigned to looking away.

“Yuu-chan…?” Yuu blinked at the hesitancy that laced in Mika’s voice.

“What is it, Mika?”

“We need to leave. Go somewhere away from the humans and vampires.” Yuu groaned as her dropped back onto her lap. At least Mika was looking at her willingly.

“Listen to me Mika-”

“No, you listen to me,” Mika growled and Yuu decided to listen instead of speaking first, “I don’t know what kind of brainwashing the humans have done to you but they’re just using you. They-”

“For the seraph of the end, right?” Yuu interrupted and she would have laughed at the flabbergasted face Mika was making right now if they weren’t having a serious conversation.

“Yeah…” Mika started off uneasy, especially with the serious face Yuu had on, “How did you…”

“I want to leave too, leave behind the life of death and destruction that will follow my path, but there is something I need to do first. I need to get to the Nagoya airport,” Yuu said and Mika looked out the broken automatic doors that brought in the only source of light into the dark and damp supermarket.

“That girl with the scythe,” Yuu perked up upon hearing that. But Mika’s gaze was not focused on her, “she told me they were heading towards an airport.”

“When was this?!” the urgency in Yuu’s voice caused Mika to turned back to her.

“A while ago I guess. I took you from them after all,” Mika didn’t like the way Yuu furrowed her brows as if she was thinking really deeply on something.

“… too long,” Yuu muttered. But before Mika had a chance to ask Yuu what she meant, she stood up and looked at Mika.

“We’ll leave together this time. But I cannot leave my squad behind. They were my family after… after…”

“