, foam rolls, and cooking supplies.  They left their cooler of food and clothes in the jeep.  Apparently, keeping them locked up kept wild animals away.  Jensen was fairly sure they’d left the moose at home, but he wasn’t taking any chances.

Apparently, in a former life, Misha was a fucking Boy Scout or something.  Jensen had thought starting a fire without gasoline would be pretty basic.  Put the little bits on the bottom, the big bits on the top, strike a match and voila!  After the fifth match and not so much as a wisp of smoke, he sat his cold ass down on the nearest fallen log and threw the matches at Misha.

“Why do I suck at this?”

Misha came up behind him and rubbed his head.  “Don’t pout, baby.  There’s a trick to it.”

Well, the fire God/Goddess, whatever, was obviously on Misha’s side because after five minutes, a little dried moss, some stick rearranging, and one damn match, there was a small fire blazing in their little rock circle and Misha had that smug ‘I told you so’ look on his face.  Why did Jensen love the man?  Sometimes he had to wonder.

Dinner was healthy and delicious – can’t go wrong with fire-roasted hot dogs and s’mores.  After they ate, Misha talked him into grabbing his guitar out of the jeep and he played and sang softly as the sun dropped down behind mountain peaks.  His mood had improved with the warmth of the fire, some food, and the company of his man, and the music was a soothing balm over the earlier part of the day.

He found he quite enjoyed the peace of the quiet evening.  When he looked up, he could see the shadows of the tree-tops surrounded by a million pin-pricks of light.  The stars reminded him of growing up in Texas.  When you got away from the light-pollution of the city, it was like a blanket of sparkles covered the sky.

“Ready to call it a night?” Misha asked, yawning into Jensen’s ear.

“Yeah.  I’m beat.”

They both took a quick trip to the sixth tree from the left, before settling into their zipped-together sleeping bags.  Jensen snuggled, (a slightly more manly word than cuddled), his back against the hard planes of Misha’s chest as the other man wrapped his arms tightly around him and kissed his hair.  Within minutes, Jensen could hear the soft snores indicating his friend was already asleep.  Jensen relaxed into his little spoon space.  Misha had a way of making him feel safe, even under unfamiliar circumstances.  Maybe this camping trip wasn’t such a bad idea after all.

Jensen wasn’t sure what woke him.  He listened for a moment, yet all he could hear were the night sounds of the forest; the screech of birds, soft hoot of owls, rustling wind through the tree branches, and the slight creak of the tent poles settling.  He cracked open one eye just to be sure nothing was amiss and screamed.  He shuffled back in the sleeping bag, trying to back up to the far tent wall, tangling himself and Misha, and obviously waking the other man in the process.

“What. The.  Fuck!”  Misha managed to yelp while trying to untangle himself from the mess of Jensen’s arms and legs, and a half twisted sleeping bag.  Jensen couldn’t even answer – just pointed at the giant hairy looking shadow that was hovering over the entire tent.  He eventually managed to gasp a semi-coherent sentence.

“What the hell is it, Mish? It’s fucking huge!”

Misha started to laugh.  It started out as a chuckle, but it built from there.  Before long, he was roaring with his head thrown back, and whatever the giant supernatural creature outside the tent was, it obviously didn’t care about the noise - it just stayed there, still as ever.  Jensen was terrified.

“Misha!  Stop it!  We need to be quiet, formulate a plan, find a weapon, something.  Laughing at it isn’t gonna help anything.”

Misha literally started to wheeze.  You’ve been on Supernatural too long.  “I’m not laughing at IT.  I’m laughing at you, you chicken shit.”

“Of course I’m a chicken.  That thing has to be six feet!  What the hell is it, man?  Seriously.”

Misha fought his way out of the sleeping bag and crawled over to the front flap of the tent.  He grabbed Jensen’s hand and pulled him along with him.  Finally, they were gonna at least try and escape or something.

Misha pointed down in the corner of the tent by the zipper pull.  “There’s your massive, terrifying, monster.”  

Jensen looked down to where Misha was pointing, fully prepared to punch the guy for being such an asshole and making light of something so serious, and saw a little brown furry spider, about half an inch in