He walks into the sitting room and spots Niall sitting on one of the couches talking to… Liam freezes.

No. Fucking. Way.

“Oh!” Niall says, noticing Liam's presence now, “see what I was talking about?”

“You never mentioned..this?!” His voice comes out strangled and he can't take his eyes away to look at Niall because he's currently making eye contact with younger!Harry.

Liam rubs his eyes and nope, he's still there, in all his prepubescent glory. Well, maybe not prepubescent because he looks like he could maybe be 17 year old Harry or, fuck, 16 year old Harry.

It's surreal to see Harry like this outside of cringy photo shoots plastered on teeny bopper magazines or t-shirts, but Harry looks exactly how Liam remembers. Large brown ringlets frame his head, a huge fringe sweeping over his face and Liam watches, transfixed, as a paw like hand brushes a stray curl from his forehead. Liam nearly forgot just how big Harry’s eyes used to be and fuck, his lips look obscene. 

It seems that Harry's also been studying him and his eyes are caught on his beard, which admittedly Liam has grown out, but mostly due to laziness. Huge eyes snap back to stare into his own and Harry open his unnaturally large mouth to speak. And Liam obviously doesn't stare like a creep. Of course not.

“I..” Harry trails off and Jesus, his voice is high, “..you’ve changed.”

Liam raises his eyebrow, he's the one who's changed?

“No, I mean like,” he gestures widely, huge hands flying everywhere. “Niall's basically the same, ‘cept for the hair- it's all,” he makes a movement with his hand at the top of his head, imitating Niall's quiff. Niall looks extremely offended. “But, you're all-” Harry flexes his non existent arm muscles and Liam assumes he trying to say he's buff? “and, you've got all the facial hair thing going on, and yeah, you look nothing like I'm used to seeing you.”

Harry's blushing now, the red colour spilling across his face. He drops his head down looking shy and so completely unlike his older self. Liam's trying not to smile because this shy and bashful Harry died around three years ago when Harry started to become more confident in himself, something  Liam had admired and felt a weird sense of pride about- like Harry was his strange child who got a kick out of flirting with him. Harry had turned into someone who is so unashamedly himself and he couldn't give a fuck about what other people have to say about it, not anymore. But, he wasn't always like that and it's clear as fucking day by studying  younger!Harry that he’s still unsure about himself. Which, for some reason, is really fucking adorable.

“Can't have changed that much,” Liam says grinning, “How old are you?”

Harry looks at him, “Just turned seventeen.”

Liam eyes widen, fuck. The Liam Harry knows has curly hair, is still not completely comfortable with his place in the band, and, most importantly, can hardly fucking stand Louis. Ah, good times.

Liam's eyes flash to Niall's, who has been unusually silent about this all and it's making Liam uncomfortable because when Niall is silent it usually means he's more than likely guilty about something. He looks relatively calm and Liam's worried.

“Where is the older Harry, may I ask?” Liam hopes Harry's okay, what if he's been beamed to space or to some alternative reality? Has he gone back in time? Wouldn't Liam have remember it if he had?

Now Niall looks nervous.

Liam's eyes narrow suspiciously, “Niall?”

He coughs into his hand, ignoring Liam completely. “So, when's Louis gonna get here?”

Harry brightens at the mention of Louis' name but Liam doesn't take his eyes off Niall, “Niall.”

Niall breaks.

“Look it was four, nearly five, years ago! How was I supposed to know that-this would happen?! To be honest I thought it was a dream, I would have warned him if I had-” Niall looks manic and Harry's slowly distancing himself from the wildly flailing arms.

“Niall!” Liam stops Niall before he can work himself up any more, “What the fuck are you talking about?”

“I had sex with Harry."

Liam blinks, “I'm aware of that.”

“I've had sex with Niall!” Harry butts in, voice unnaturally high pitched.

They ignore him.

“No!” Niall says flushing, “Well, yeah but- What I'm trying to say is that future!Harry or.. well, I guess present!Harry now...? Anyway, when he went back in time he had sex