also dressed up, ready to go out with David.

"Good evening, Ms. Blanchard. May I say that you look very lovely this evening?" Gold was his usual gentlemanly self. David took her hand. "You look beautiful." She smiled at both of them. "Thank you."

"Should we get going?" Emma wanted to avoid the need for any small talk.

"Of course." Gold extended his arm and Emma linked hers in it.

"Don't wait up." Emma looked warningly at both David and Mary Margaret. "I don't know when I'll be home."

Gold grinned and Mary Margaret had to pinch David to keep him from responding. "Have a good time."

When they got outside, Gold looked at Emma. He had his signature smirk on his face. "So you think this date may go past the assigned time?"

Emma tried to look annoyed, but just ended up laughing. "I'm sure of it, Gold."

"Then I don't think you'll mind that I moved the dinner from the restaurant to my house."

"What? How?"

"I didn't think either of us wanted to be on display so I arranged for the dinner to be served at my house instead of at the restaurant. It was the only way I could think to assure us some privacy and a chance to actually get to know one another better. I hope you're not upset."

"No, not at all. I was dreading being in a fishbowl all night. This will be much more relaxing."

Gold caressed her cheek. "You really are very beautiful, Emma." He leaned over and kissed her. They stood looking at each other for a minute until they heard David coughing. Emma wasn't sure if he had seen them kiss but she wanted to get out of there before there could be any confrontation. She waved to them. "Have fun."

And with that she got into the car with Gold and they drove off.

"I just don't like it." David couldn't help voicing his concern to Mary Margaret.

"Listen to me, David. I know you don't want to hear this, but Emma is a grown woman with a lot of dating experience behind her. She may have had some issues with committed relationships in the past, but she's had her share of one-night stands and short-term relationships. Gold is not about to corrupt her in any way."

"Ugh… You're right. I didn't need to hear that. What could a man his age want with her?"

"The same thing a younger man would want and maybe some more important things that a younger man wouldn't even think about?" Mary Margaret tried to reason with him. "Let me tell you something. Emma likes him… she really likes him and he likes her. And… I know you don't want to hear this either… she told me that they've been attracted to one another since they met. Gold never pursued her. He waited until she was ready to act on it. I think that's very sweet and says a lot about him."

David grunted. "I'll just be happy when this night is over."

Mary Margaret rolled her eyes. The night would end but she was sure that it wouldn't be the end of Emma and Gold.

"Where are they?" David was scanning Antonio's looking for Gold and Emma. He saw Ruby and Whale at a corner table, but couldn't find his daughter. "Do they have another room here?"

"I don't think so. Why are we here? We can't spy on them while they're having their date."

"Don't worry, we're not staying. I just want to make sure that everything's going as planned."

David found the hostess. "Can you tell me where the other auction date, Mr. Gold and Miss Swan, are seated?"

"They're not here. Mr. Gold arranged to have the dinner served at his house. So much more romantic, don't you think?" she smiled dreamily.

"What?" David was incensed. "I can't believe him. And you told me not to worry? I told you that he can't be trusted."

"David, let's go have dinner. You need to calm down. Emma is a grown woman. I'm sure she has no problem eating dinner with Gold at his home. She's private and so is he so it's probably more comfortable for both of them." Mary Margaret was ready to bop him. He really needed to get a grip.

David calmed down a little. It was true that Emma was very private. She had dreaded the whole auction and had only agreed on his account. "OK. You're right. Let's go eat. I'm starving."

Mary Margaret sighed in relief. Finally. Maybe