s tone that wasn't usually present. Before he could comment he saw Sherlock's cheeks flush red as the man struggled to sit upright under the sudden scrutiny.

“I'm not sure what you mean,” Sherlock said when he had finally recovered into a posture that looked vaguely nonchalant.

“You were listening in on our whole conversation, you know exactly what I mean.”

“John, I fail to see how it's relevant to our current circumstances.”

“Tell him. He deserves to know.”

Greg's eyes darted between the two men like he was watching a well timed tennis match. Despite John's insistence he wasn't sure he wanted to hear what Sherlock had to say. Wasn't sure he could deal with it another blow like the one he'd taken downstairs.

Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically before letting his gaze rest on Greg. “I quit drugs for you.”

Greg waited for the man to explain what the hell he was on about, but Sherlock seemed to consider the matter well and handled because he just sat watching the D.I. expectantly. Finally Greg just shook his head. “No you didn't.”

“I did.”

“No, your brother made you go to rehab. I was there when he picked you up.”

“When have you ever known me to do anything my brother made me?” Sherlock asked, his face twisted in disgust by the implication. Greg caught John smiling from the corner of his eye and turned to see if the army doctor was somehow in on whatever lark Sherlock was constructing.

“It's true, if anything he'd have gotten worse just to spite Mycroft,” John said.

“Right, so how do you figure I fit into this equation?” Greg asked, turning his attention back to Sherlock.

“Before I... overindulged the final time I helped you track down a suspect. It was amazing, I thought if I could just feel like that all the time I'd never need drugs again.”

“Fine, you like solving cases and you can't do that when you're blitzed out of your senses,” Greg said. “Still doesn't have anything to do with me.”

Sherlock shifted a bit and looked over at John who was leaning back against the headboard watching them both. John gave him a bemused smile. “Go on then.”

Sherlock sighed and nodded. “I thought I could have both, the cases and the drugs, but I... miscalculated the dose and then you found me. Up until this point in my life I'd made a successful career at disappointing people. I expected you to be yet another in a long line who saw what a mess I'd become and decided to wash your hands of me.”

Greg's eyes softened as he suddenly realized where this conversation was going. Sherlock had stopped meeting his gaze by this point and continued on. “You took me home to your horrid little flat and took care of me through the worse of my withdrawals. You could have just called my brother and been done with it, but you cleaned me up and let me pretend to keep my dignity when he finally came to take me to rehab. Afterward, when I got back you were the only one who trusted me again. You gave me another chance. It took me a long time to realize how few people would have done that.”

“Course I did, still would do,” Greg interrupted. Sherlock looked back up as if he'd been startled out of his own memories.

“I still need that, Greg,” Sherlock admitted. “I need you every bit as much as I need John, every bit as much as he needs you. Before this relationship started I spent countless hours running through every possible scenario in my head. In the end the only conclusion I could be sure of was that I wouldn't be able to make either of you happy in the long run. I needed you both, but I wasn't what either of you needed so I devised a compromise.”

“Idiot,” Greg said, his smile taking any bite out of his words. “Of course I need you.”

John moved over and put his good arm around the detective's shoulders pulling him tight against his smaller frame. “We both do, Luv.”

Sherlock gave a shuddering nod as he collected himself causing Greg's heart to flutter slightly. Even now it was still so easy to forget how fragile the insufferable man could be. Crawling forward on hands and knees Greg pulled himself over to straddle the dark-haired man and leaned in towards him until they were all but sharing a breath. “Not just for the cases then? You actually want me?”

“I already said as much,” Sherlock replied. John jabbed a finger in his side causing him to squirm and glare down at the shorter man. Realizing he was outnumbered by sentimental fools Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Yes, Greg I want you. Can we please just have sex now?”

That seemed to break the spell of seriousness that had gripped the room up