can even share dessert to.” 

“Mhmm sounds good love.” 

Reiner chuckled, “You know the lovey dovey usually makes me roll my eyes, but you two just seem to live and breath it.” 

“What can I say. I love him.” Jean said with a shrug.  

Reiner only chuckled more as Marco slipped his hand in Jeans. Jean squeezed it tight, entwining their fingers. It wasn't to much longer and their server came around for their order. 

“How's Eren and Sasha?” Jean asked Connie after their server left. It'd been some time since they'd talked. 

“Eren moved back to the city. He never was the same since you moved out. Actually I think it went back to your break up with Armin, but Eren doesn't really talk about his feelings much, so I'm only guessing.” Connie started before taking a sip of his drink, “As for Sasha she thinks she’ll be able to move out here in a few months.” 

Jean fiddled with his napkin. He never did know how to handle Eren. They'd both crushed on the same guy, only Jean had had the balls to ask Armin out. Jean hadn't seen any wrong even though Eren was bitter about it and he knew that. Though he was sure it would have broken Eren worse if Armin had left him instead of Jean. So in a way Jean took the brunt of a shattered heart. He was grateful it had worked out that way though. He’d probably would never have found Marco. “Maybe the city is better for him. He never liked it out here. Does Sasha even know you have this open relationship thing going with Reiner and Bert? And do they know your massive crush on this woman? Who by the way was MY first girlfriend?” 

“Yeah. Yeah. They know and she knows. But I also know you didn't get far with Sasha so THAT is so mine.” Connie said leering over his drink at Jean. 

“We were confused and embarrassed teenagers. If anything she was always eager. But my momma raised me well.” 

Connie raised an eyebrow, “Raised you well. Then maybe she should like to hear about you and Marco here? Dudes a fucking star alright.” 

Jean grew quiet, voice soft, looking down, “I guess it really has been a couple of months since we last hung out. Momma died a few months ago.” 

Connie looked at his drink feeling like he’d been scolded and Reiner shifted awkwardly in his seat, “Dude I'm sorry. I should have kept in touch with you.”

“We both should have so it's ok. But I'll admit when I'm not at work, Marco has all my attention.” Jean replied shaking his head.

“Fair enough. I'm just glad you're yourself again. It's nice to see you happy. I was afraid I’d have to worry about both you and Eren doing something stupid.” 

Jean chuckled, “It was touchy for a bit there. I'll admit, but I had to be there for Marco.” 

Connie nodded as Reiners phone started to ring. He excused himself and left to answer it. Jean knew it was probably Bert. Telling him he'd be late.
“So Connie why are you with Reiner and Bert?” Marco asked without tact, trying to change the subject.

Connie laughed, “Well a guy’s gotta get something from somewhere and doing it myself isn't as fun anymore. Plus Bert is...well let's just say he's well endowed. And Reiners kinky as all hell. Though I'm sure you know all about kinky. Jeans into that stuff.” 

Marco looked confused. 

“Dude do you not do anything but vanilla with him?” Connie asked raising an eyebrow at Jean. 

Jean scratched his cheek, “Well let's just say I'm still teaching him things, but we'll get there soon.” 

“You've been with him over a year and you're still teaching him things?” 

“You do remember me saying my momma raised me right? I may be a beast in bed but I'm a polite one.” 

“Damn Jean maybe I do need to learn from you.” 

Marco leaned over and nibbled on Jeans ear looking straight at the man across the table, not catching the sarcasm in Connie's voice, “Mine.”

Connie put his hands up, “Ok. Ok it was a joke. But do you still...you know glow when you…uh…” 

Jean licked his lip and squeezed Marco's hand tighter. He'd never seen Marco get possessive like this. Something new but not unwelcome, “Yeah he still does.” 

Marco straightened himself out as he glanced Reiner coming back over. 

“Am I going to need my eyewear and earplugs tonight?” Connie asked also noticing Reiner walking up. 

“No. But if you three want to have at it go for it.” Jean replied. He was perfectly content to