? How she always thought I was a horrible, horrible child?" He casts his eyes upwards for a moment towards Five, who sits in fascination and horror of the man who sits before them. "No, I suppose I didn't. Well, she was probably right. I am horrible, after all I've done." Simon goes quiet, wrapped in his own trance of thought. Five sits stiff and tense, watching him cautiously. Yet the longer he is silent, the more they relax.

Finally, Simon speaks. His voice is but a whisper. "Do you believe in forgiveness, Five?"

Five is silent. Simon expected nothing else.

"I don't think anyone can forgive me, after everything that's happened. But...maybe, maybe by helping you, seeing you back to Abel, maybe I can learn how to forgive myself."

Five sits in shock at Simon's revelations, at everything he has just divulged. As rotten as he may be, Five realizes, he is still human. He still feels regret and sorrow, is capable of sadness and empathy. Five feels the sudden urge to reach out, to touch Simon. Five wants to simply reassure him that they saw him, that as much as they didn't understand, they knew his emotions and that he wasn't alone.

Five almost does reach out, almost does touch Simon in hopes of conveying these things.

But they never get the chance.

Simon is suddenly on his feet, listening to something far off but easily recognizable. He looks at Five, panic in his eyes.

"Zombs."

It takes a full moment for Five to comprehend Simon's words. Zombs, Five thinks, Zombies. Zombies outside the cabin and coming closer.

"I left the lights on too long" Simon curses, striding towards the windows and closing the shutters and securing them with a bolt. "Five, the cupboard next to the bed, open it."

Five scrambles towards the cupboard, reaching for the handle but falling off the bed and onto the floor in the process. The pain in their leg increases ten fold as they hit the wood floor. Five can't hold back a tiny gasp of pain as a fire explodes in their calf and dances up their leg.

"Five!" Simon exclaims quietly in the darkness. He must have switched off the lamp, Five thinks. A strong hand reaches under them and hauls them upright. The motion causes Five to whimper a bit, the pain in their leg hurting more than it should be. Five feels an automatic thrust into their hands, and they fumble to get a good grip on it. 

Simon's footsteps are the only sound in the dark cabin. He is somewhere over by the door, Five senses. He stops there, and for a moment there is silence except for the distant sound of the undead. 

"I'm going outside" Simon murmurs quietly. Five feels shock course through their system, and they find themselves trying to make a small sound of protest, which of course, is cut off by Simon speaking again. 

"Don't you dare think of following me, or think of looking outside." Simon pauses for a moment, then in a dangerous voice, he asks: "Do you understand, Five?" 

He takes Five's silence as a yes, and adds one more thing before he vanishes outside. "There is enough ammo to last you if anything goes wrong. Don't look."

The door slams behind him, and Five is alone with the sound of the undead. 

Not for long.

A chill runs down Five's spine when a familiar but horrifying sound reaches their ears, the sound of ripping flesh. Five is terrified for a moment, scared out of their mind that it is Simon that is being eaten alive, but...

The sound of flesh ripping and growls and gnashing teeth is a horrifying compilation, and it chills Five to the bone. Simon makes no sound as he systematically dismembers the zombies heads from their torsos. Five isn't sure how he is doing it. With a knife? No, the sounds are too raw.

As much as Five will hate themselves for doing it, they haul themselves upright to a wobbly stand, balancing on one foot. The pain in their leg is enough to make Five want to scream as they hobble over to the door. Yet Five is silent as they take the door and gently, ever so quietly, open it enough to see outside.

It is a clear night, Five notices. The moon is bright enough to cast some light on the forest outside. Though Five can't see much, they can make out the horde a ways from the house, with an almost lightning fast figure in the middle. If Five peers close enough, they can see the outline of Simon's torso moving in the moonlight. He dances like a beast in a frenzy. 

A stray zombie manages to catch Simon's face, tearing the mask as he faces away from Five. When he turns, Five's stomach churns.

Simon'