to deal with.

“I took a little road trip, Sammy. Nothing life-threatening,” he drawled his voice somewhat croakily. Sam was already shaking his head.

“Bullshit, Dean. What really happened?”

Dean’s gaze darkened, and for the first time Sam could remember, he turned away from him.

He was vaguely aware of Dad demanding something, but he couldn’t care less. He couldn’t understand why Dean wouldn’t tell him what was wrong, something that shocked him to the core.

Dean had always looked out for him – so why wouldn’t he let Sam do the same for him?

                He felt hurt that Dean wouldn’t trust him. They were family, blood, and if he couldn’t be trusted by his own brother – he didn’t know what he was good for.








 


The cool night air bit into Dean’s skin, a sensation he was grateful for. It cooled his clammy skin and made him calmer than he believed he could be. He’d screwed up, and it was grating on him. He was sitting on the hood of the impala, the metal still and stubbornly warm as if his baby was trying to shield him from his own damn head.

He was glad to get away from the bunker, to just drive and pull over on a random, deserted back road no one used. The silence was calming, empty of concern and hurt.

The hairs on his neck stood on end.  

“Trouble in paradise? I could smell your pity party from downstairs,” he heard a voice purr. A second later Crowley strode into his view, smiling slightly, hands in his pockets.

“What’s it to you? Heard you don’t like it down there anymore,” Dean grunted. The usual instinct to leap at the bastard didn’t come; Crowley just didn’t seem like that much of a threat anymore. He had no desire to reach for the gun in his jeans, the knife in his jacket.

Later he would convince himself that if anything else supernatural had crossed his path, he wouldn’t have lifted a finger.

“It lacks a certain…finesse, but it’s still where I belong, is it not?” Crowley raised his head, seeming to peer at Dean closely. “You haven’t tried to tear my throat out, yet? Am I not close enough for you to get off your pimp ride?”

Dean eyed him warily, unsure what Crowley was up to. “What are you doing here?”

Crowley rocked back on his heels and seemed to battle with himself, and finally sighed, defeated. “Something’s…been bothering me,” he started.

Dean rolled his eyes. “I don’t care,” he groaned. He didn’t have the stomach for this.

“You’ll want to hear this,” Crowley gave him a torn look. “I was going to hold it over you, watch you squirm in a… soul-destroying path of sweet self-destruction. Alas, it would not improve the stench of your wallowing.”

Dean shook his head. “Cut the crap already.”

Again, Crowley seemed to be struggling, his expression a snarl.  “Back in the fat days before your beloved Moose decided to ruin me, I looked for a little…investment while all those… precious seals were being…popped.”

“I’m not here for frigging story-time, Crowley,” Dean growled, sure he wasn’t going to like the outcome of the conversation. His stomach had already filled with dread.   

Crowley fixed him with a scathing gaze, biting back a retort. Half closing his eyes in clear frustration, he muttered something that sounded like Enochian. “Don’t interrupt me, Dean,” he pointed, his face slightly twisted. “I’m not going to repeat this.”

Dean breathed heavily but said nothing. Crowley was dragging the conversation – a conversation they should in all rights, never have. It was painful.

“On the grapevine, your name came up, over and over.”


Tell me something I don’t know.


“So I did a little digging, when I wasn’t so…cuddly. I found something interesting. A little tale about a caved in bar…”

Dean’s blood went cold.

“If you’re going to -“

“Shut up and listen, meat head,” Crowley hissed, sounding more like himself. “One tiny soul. I made it a deal, well the thing was…so bored to death hanging around – just watching a snot-nosed kid angst himself all over the place…”

Dean was frozen in horror.

“Fifteen years up here,” Crowley gestured to the immediate space around them. “Is a long time on the rack, down there,” Crowley pointed downwards with a grin that didn’t look like he was enjoying telling Dean. As if something else was driving him to explain, instead of the usual pleasure of Dean’s horror.

“Did you ever wonder why you carried the guilt of torturing those puny little