just to rasp, "God, Dean, please." Dean smiles, bright and wicked.

And then just like that, the contact is gone. Sam keens in his throat, straining upward to find it again.

Dean sounds sort of awed as he stares down. "Sam, Sammy. You don't know how good you look like this. Fuck."

Sam spreads his legs just that fraction wider that the ropes allow, all desperate invitation. Dean, Dean. You know you can have it. The waiting is driving him out of his head. He lets his eyes go heavy and he breathes out, "Dean, now." Not forcefully, not even a command, but whatever it is Dean reads in his face, it's enough to make him slide onto the bed and lean down to catch Sam's mouth in a hard and breathless kiss.

Sam is pliant at first, whimpering slightly, lips parting to let Dean lick into his mouth, fast and eager, and then he pushes up against him, wanting to feel as much as he can. His fingers twitch with the need to feel Dean's hair between them, the short prickles and the rasp of the shorter stubble at the back of his neck, and something almost like anger heats in the pit of his stomach when his hands stay firmly tied and he can't. Dean shifts then, slides his body easily between Sam's spread legs, lets Sam take more of his weight as he settles there. Dean is hard, oh god, Sam can feel it, and he suddenly couldn't give a fuck about Dean's hair, because he can't give a fuck about anything, not when his mind is completely desperately blank.

He stops fighting then, all the struggle sliding out of him as he just goes loose and willing under his brother. Dean notices the change, slides back just enough to whisper hot and wet against his mouth, "Yeah, Sammy, that's it. You want this bad, don't you?"

Sam can't even force out the words, so he just nods. Dean lowers himself back down to mouth at his throat-- Sam throws his head back, helplessly, pleadingly, hissing between his teeth when Dean follows up the sharp sting of a bite with the soothing wetness of his tongue.

Dean shifts a little farther down, following the line of Sam's throat, lips and tongue tracing over his adam's apple, which moves under his mouth as Sam sucks in another sharp breath. The hollow between his clavicles catches Dean's attention next, followed by a long, wet, dirty lick along Sam's collarbones as if Dean wants to distract him from the hand that's working its way up under his shirt.

Sam can't decide if he's going nuts in a good way or a bad way, because he's so far past wanting foreplay, he just needs Dean, now, now. Then Dean's fingers beneath his shirt find his nipple and twist, just so, and Sam can't stop the high, desperate sound that he makes.

Dean breathes out a hot gust against his skin. "Fuck, Sam. You make those noises for me, and I--" He doesn't finish the thought, just twists again, and then drags blunt nails slow and inexorable down Sam's ribs, making him squirm and thrust up mindlessly. He can't stop pulling at the ropes-- Sam can feel them digging into his skin, but the rub and the ache is so distant, so unimportant now.

"Dean," Sam breathes, panting so quick he almost sounds afraid. "Dean, c'mon, please, just please--"

"Please what, Sam?" As if he doesn't know.

Sam just whimpers, turns his face away, and Dean stops everything, leans up again, whispering hot and urgent in his ear, "Say it, Sam. More than anything right now I wanna hear you say it."

Sam trembles under him like he's going to fall apart, like he'll just shake himself to pieces that Dean will gently put back together later. "Dean," he whispers finally, voice nearly ruined, "fuck me."

Dean smiles then, and the very small unclouded part of Sam's very preoccupied brain wonders how a Dean-smile can be so dirty and so tender at the same time. "No."

"What?" Sam's brain refuses to shift gears and splutters out by the roadside. He jerks under Dean, mindlessly. "Dean, you have to, god, don't do this to me--"

"Do what to you? Leave you like this? I totally could." His fingers trace down to Sam's wrist, skirting along the edges of the ropes feather-light. "You're not goin' anywhere unless I let you, Sammy."

"I know, I know." Sam feels dizzy, hot. More precome wets the inside of his jeans, and he's desperate not to lose it