“I heard that you have a new little brother.  They say that he will be a great empire, like that of Old Rome.”  Prussia snickered at his friend and rival.  Hungary would know about Holy Rome already.

 

“They say that, but it remains to be seen.  The awesome me hasn't really had much of a chance to speak to the little brat.”  Hungary huffed, swatting the albino upside the head.

 

“He's your brother!  Shouldn't you speak to him more?”

 

“The awesome me is too busy right now.  Besides, he has plans that I don't really agree with.  I'm going to wait and see how it pans out before getting too attached.”  Prussia returned his attention to polishing his sword.  Hungary sighed and plopped down beside him. Prussia watched her from the corner of his eye, taking in the silky brown hair and lightly tanned skin visible where her armor and cloak didn't cover.  His heart leapt a bit, quaking in happiness at her close proximity.

 

“Sometimes, I don't get you Prussia.  You loved your grandfather. Don't you want another piece of him to be close to?”  Hungary lay her hand on his arm, stilling his actions.  Prussia closed his eyes, willing away his emotions.  Emotions were trouble and he needed to keep his cool.

 

“Perhaps I do, and perhaps I don't.  The awesome me hears that you are going to work for the piano pansy.”  Prussia's fists clenched at the thought.  His crush and friend in the house of his most hated rival.  The very idea kept him awake at night.

 

“I may have no choice.”  Hungary stood up, brushing the dirt off her deep purple cloak.  “But even so, Mr. Austria is a good man and he will agreeable to work for.  What else can I do, with things as they are now?”

 

“You could stay with me!”  Hungary jerked her head to look at the Prussian.  His exclamation had startled her.  Then, she burst into amused laughter.

 

“You are too silly sometimes, Prussia!  We both know that I could not do that.”  Still giggling, Hungary gracefully picked her way up the hill nearby.  She turned back as she reached the crest of the hill.  “I'll see you later!  Think about what I said.  About Holy Rome.  He is your bother.”  With that, she waved and disappeared from sight. 

 

Prussia leaned back against the rough bark of the tree behind him. He would think about getting to know Holy Rome, if only because Hungary wished it to be so.  The former Teutonic Knight sighed.  If only she had realized he was serious about her staying with him.  If only she would realize how much he cared for her.

 


You'll never know dear, how much I love you.


 

Prussia had stood at the head of his army, facing his childhood friend.  Hungary charged forward, broadsword raised to strike.  The albino blocked the assault, forcing them apart.  Around them the battle raged.  Prussian against Hungarians and Austrians.  “Why are you doing this, Hungary?”  Prussia swung his sword around to stab a nearby Austrian soldier.  “Do you really want to stay a servant forever?  Specs can't even fight his own battles these days!  Who is going to protect you?”  Hungary scowled, lunging again only to be forced back towards the Austrian line.

 

“Mr. Austria has been very good to me!  I won't let you hurt him!” She cut the head off a passing Prussian.  “He didn't even want me to fight for him!  That's how noble and good he is, Prussia!” Hungary spat at the Prussian nation's feet.  “Unlike you!” Prussia stumbled at the barb, unable to remain unaffected.  She truly had no idea how much those words hurt.  He was doing this for her! For them!  Couldn't she see that he was trying to help her?  He only wanted to make life better for all of them.  He loved Hungary with all his heart and wanted more for her than the life of a servant.

 

“The awesome me is more noble than that piano pansy any day! Imagine how much better life could be if you just came with me. Austria is only going to remain a peon of the Holy Roman Empire!  I am free....and you could be, too!”

 

“I would never abandon Mr. Austria!”  Hungary feinted left and struck to the right, catching the albino in the side.

 

“Why not?”  Prussia lowered his sword, clutching his wounded side with one hand.  Hungary screamed her answer at the Prussian, shifting to a defensive stance.  Prussia felt his heart shatter. 

 

“Because I love him!”

 

 


Please don't take my sunshine away.


 

Hungary crashed through the door to Prussia's house, splintering the wooden slab as it hit the floor.  Prussia stood in the entryway, stunned.  He really wished she would let him answer the door just once.  Her chest heaving with exertion, the brunette nation tackled