's not the same, but I know that I would give everything to just wake up next to you again every morning, even if you're a stove and it's mid-summer. It's not over yet, but I want it to. I want to come home.

Hug everyone for me and tell them I miss them. There's only so many letters I can send.

B.

PS. Tell Becca I'm not going to be in time for her birthday. Tell her I'm sorry.

 

 

S.,

Some days all that gets me by is knowing you're half a world away. Take factory work, paint posters and signs, sit the kids if you have to, just... Not here. Not you. Not you too.

Stay safe.

B.

I figured at best it would take about a month for a letter to get delivered, then another month for Steve's replies to arrive. Even with short deployment this means the last letter would've been send just before Buck's unit went missing.

Cross-posted from my tumblr, where you should definitely come talk to me.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

S.,

You're not gonna read this, but to hell if that's gonna stop me writing it all down. It clears my head, see. Makes it real, to have it on paper like that, seeing is believing. I'm not sure I would've believed anything about you if I hadn't seen it with my own two eyes and be honest with you: who would? Remember as kids, how we'd pinch ourselves after waking from a bad dream or something really good happening, just in case? I'm not sure which one you are. I keep doing it anyway.

It's hard to believe you're here. Not as hard as it is to deny it, way I keep following you around. Don't think I could handle it if you'd just be gone again one minute to the next, have my brain playing me like that. But it gets folk to talk. You always said I had this way of looking at you differently and I thought it was bull, but the guys say the same now so I guess you're right, like even a broken clock is right twice a day. Morita had the guts to pull me aside to tell me I changed when I look at your dumb mug, whatever that means. Said that if I'd gone soft for you, sweet on you, it'd be fine, no one making trouble; said unit like this no one's in a place to judge.

I laughed in his face. What was I supposed to do? I haven't shaved in days, no chance to wash up in this godforsaken place and neither have you, but I still gotta squint at you like you're radiating goddamn sunshine. The rest, we're a mess, we all are, and I can't bring myself to feel bad about it. That's the big difference between us now: you care more than I do. Maybe it's a USO thing. Just think it's funny how being out here changes a man. Makes you rethink your priorities.

At watch, used to, when I got sick of staring into the dark at nothing I'd stare at the stars instead, play a little game to see if I could make anything of 'm. And I still can't, obviously, but I liked to think that stars were a universal kinda thing, something we'd still share even on other sides of the world. Now I just think about how I used to get you artsy stuff you had an eye on: pencils, pens, anything, new or not. How mad you'd get at me for it every damn time. Grocery money, rent money, my money -- anger turned you into a right looker, all pumped up big, taking up all the space you were supposed to. Might've even been why I kept at it. And I'd do it all again if I could, buy you every sketchbook, every set of oils and brushes you'd even glance twice at. I'd buy you all over again if it'd meant you'd stick with me just a little while longer.

Don't get big-headed, I'll knock it right out again. Keeping an eye on you, that's what I do best. That's what I was put on this sorry earth for. Did you know they offered me a way out? As if I'd ever let you leave my sight after the shit you pulled getting here. You pull the best and the worst outta me, pal, turn me reckless to match. Too used to sleeping with one eye open to keep you out of trouble. Maybe we've always been a unit build for war, brains and brawn and loyalty all tied