replicator.  “Coffee, black.”  If she was going to be stuck in her Ready Room reading reports all day, she’d need the extra boost.She selected the most interesting looking PADD, the astrometric report, and got comfortable on the couch.  Time to see what was ahead of them.  

As she’d read through the first page, the door chime sounded, indicating someone was requesting entrance.  

“Come in.”  She said, thinking it would be Chakotay again.  

Much to her enjoyment it was B’Elanna.  

“Good morning Lieutenant.”  Kathryn smiled.  

“Captain.”  B’Elanna smiled back and stretched out her hand, extending the PADD she was holding.  “My report on the warp core diagnostic.”  She clarified.

“Great.  More work.”  Kathryn muttered with twinkling eyes.  She accepted the PADD and quickly scanned its content.  She nodded.  “Thanks, I’ll read through it in detail later.”  

“Busy day?”  B’Elanna asked sympathetically.  

Kathryn rolled her eyes.  “Just the fun part of being a starship Captain I suppose.”  

B’Elanna grinned.  “Where are the Borg when you need them?”  

“They’re not out there.”  Kathryn held up the astrometric report.  “I checked!”

“Does that mean you’re free for dinner with me tonight?”  B’Elanna asked coyly.  

Kathryn’s eyes lit up.  “Yes, that would be great.”  She answered with a shy smile, feeling a slight flutter in her stomach.  

“Great.”  B’Elanna beamed.  “My quarters, say... 1930?”  

“I’ll be there.”  Kathryn confirmed.  

“Great.”  B’Elanna repeated, taking a step back and indicating the PADD Kathryn was holding.  “I’ll leave you to it then.”  She headed for the doors and turned around just before they opened.  “See you tonight.”  

Kathryn watched her exit the room and smiled.  This day wouldn’t be so boring after all.

~ * ~ 

PART SIX

After her duty shift, Kathryn made her way over to her quarters.  She wanted to freshen up and dress in something more casual for dinner with B’Elanna.  She quickly took a sonic shower and slipped into a pair of jeans, put on a black sleeveless turtleneck top and simple black high heeled sandals.  In front of the mirror she applied light touches of make up and selected small pearl earrings to complete the outfit.  

She took a step back and appraised her image.  Looking good, without overly trying to.  Kathryn grinned at herself, trying to remember the last time she’d gone through the ritual of getting ready for a date.  She came up empty and shrugged.  A quick glance at the chronometer told her she still had fifteen minutes.  

Kathryn sat down on the bed and thought about B’Elanna.  She genuinely liked the younger woman.  They shared the same love of science, the same desire to ‘grasp’ it.  She also admired B’Elanna’s perseverance and enthusiasm, traits Kathryn valued in herself as well as in others.  

And she also secretly liked the fact that B’Elanna was as headstrong as she was.  They were both just stubborn enough to be called ‘difficult’ at times, but not so much that they became unmanageable or impossible.  

There were plenty of differences between them too, of course.  B’Elanna’s half Klingon blood made her a very fiery, passionate woman where Kathryn was often more controlled and careful.  B’Elanna also wasn’t a firm believer in following the rules, or doing things by the book.  Hers was the more creative approach, usually with varying degrees of success.  

It was a good mix of differences and similarities, Kathryn surmised: enough correspondence to connect and enough points of diversity to keep things interesting.  B’Elanna was a valuable friend in her life and Kathryn was glad that they’d come so much closer these last few days.  

The idea that maybe they had a future together as a couple was certainly appealing.  But she wasn’t about to rush things, and apparently, neither was B’Elanna.  She was quite happy to just go with the flow and see where this would lead them.  

Smiling, she got up and headed for the door.  If she didn’t hurry, she was going to be late.  Kathryn received a few curious glances from crewmembers as she reached Deck Nine.  It wasn’t often that the crew saw a casually dressed Captain walking around in the crew quarters area of the ship.  She nodded friendly to all of them, vaguely wondering what they were thinking.

She was a bit relieved though that the corridor was empty when she pressed B’Elanna’s door chime.  The last thing she needed was more speculation about her personal life.  Kathryn had heard a few assumptions that were circulating through the grapevine from Chakotay and she’d learned that her crew had a very lively imagination indeed.  

There was a faint ‘come in’ and the doors in front of her opened, granting her access once more to B’Elanna’s living quarters.  The younger woman,