star earrings, and the hair tie on her ponytail had a star on it. She walked up to the conductor’s podium, bowed to the audience, and turned to the band. She reached into her right flared sleeve and pulled out a conductor’s baton.

                She tapped her podium to calm the orchestra and began. As the music started Ruby quickly began to get bored with the classical music. Then small orbs of light like stars began to float out of the capsules on her belt and began to dance around the air in sequence to the music. Every so often the stars would align and lines of light would form creating images. The show continued for another hour and then came to an end. Starr turned to the audience and bowed along with the other musicians as the crowd threw roses on the stage as they applauded.

                “I’ll admit that was pretty cool,” Yang said. “And the conductor is so young,” Blake added. “Care to meet her?” Ringo offered. “For the love of dust, is there any famous person you don’t know?” Weiss asked. “Just the ones that attended Beacon in the past eight years,” Matt said. The six of them returned to the lobby and found their way to the conductor.

                They politely pushed their way through the crowd and found Starr holding a bouquet of blue rose and speaking with a young man. He had slicked back dark red hair, a black dress shirt, pants, and dress shoes as well as a red suit jacket and a loose red tie. His most interesting feature was a pair of down pointed black goat horns with one of them broken off as well as his red eyes.  

                “Beautifully done as always Starr,” the young man said. “Thank you Lucian,” Starr said. “You still got the touch,” they heard behind them and looked to see Matt and Ringo. “Matt, Ringo what are you guys doing here?!” Starr said happily. She tossed up the bouquet which Lucian barely managed to catch and she hugged the two of them. “Paying our respects to a great artist, good to see you again,” Matt said. “Matt, Ringo,” Lucian said acknowledging them. “Lucian, still cold as brimstone I see,” Matt said as they shook hands. “Only to those who I’m pointing my gun at,” Lucian said amused. Matt gestured his fingers at the left side of his face referring to Lucian’s face. “What’s with the eye?” he asked inferring there was something wrong with his perfectly good eye. “It creeps out these high society types. I find it best not to cause a panic,” Lucian said. “Did Lulu and Narco come too?” Starr asked. “You know as well as I do they are not the type to come to this sort of thing,” Ringo said. “Guys I’d like you to meet a few of my latest students, this is Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang,” Matt said introducing the girls. “Girls, meet Starr Orion and Lucian Tartarus the Leader and member of team STAR,” Matt said.

                They all stood there talking for a while when a group of sharply dressed thugs similar to Junior’s marched in armed to the teeth. Matt noticed them just before they stepped in. “Oh no, everybody in here,” he said as he quickly herded his friends into small side hall and out of sight. “What’s going on?” Ruby whispered. “Everybody on the ground!” one of the thugs yelled. Everyone in the lobby hit the ground trying not to get hurt by the thugs. “What do we do?” Yang asked. “You…” Matt said gesturing to Ringo and team RWBY, “Are getting outside.” “You’re kicking us out of the action?” Ruby asked disappointedly. “No you need to get outside so your rocket lockers can reach you and Ringo can get her weapon out of Eligos in the parking lot,” he answered. “Problem is I can’t fight in these shoes,” Ruby argued. “That’s why I slipped an extra set of your boots in your locker for just such an occasion,” he said. “Starr,” Lucian said getting her attention. They hadn’t noticed that he had snuck off for a few seconds. He had come back carrying some form of red weapon as well as a belt of capsules that he handed to Starr. “Alright Ringo take the girls outside, get them armed, and get our weapons. Star, Lucian, and I will distract the thugs,” Matt said. “Matt, you’re not armed,” Blake argued. Matt took off his bowtie and tuxedo jacket revealing a pair of shoulder holsters and, pulling out his knife pistols. “You brought guns to Starr’s concert?” Lucian asked in disappointment. “I bring guns everywhere,” Matt said. He took a quick look around the corner to survey the Lobby.

                “Alright, it looks like they’ve pushed all the people up against the far wall. Lucian can you separate them?” Matt asked as