t hear him? I thought you said nothing was wrong.--



--I am fine, Sam. I’ve been human before I can take care of myself.--


	Sam brings up Cas’s number and calls him again. This time he picks up.

	“What do you mean human? What happened Cas?”

	“It’s of no consequence Sam.”

	“You gotta come back to the bunker Cas. Come stay with us.”

	“I wouldn’t wish to burden you both with another broken thing to look after. Tell Dean he needn’t worry about ruining me, I’ve taken care of that myself.”

	Cas hung up. Sam turns to Dean, ready to relay what Cas had told him, but Dean holds his palm up. “I heard him.” And then Dean is gone too. Sam is left standing in the kitchen by himself, staring down at his phone on the table.

Dean pours himself another glass. He’s not really certain how many he’s had at this point. Not enough, that’s for sure. He’s been chasing that beautiful numbness all night, but he still feels the empty hole aching in his gut. He downs the whiskey, and then another, and another. It’s just not going to work. He sighs and pulls his phone from his back pocket. He stares at the home screen for a while. It’s a shot of the two of them that Sam had snapped when they weren’t paying attention. In the photo, Dean has a hand on Cas’s shoulder and both men have big genuine smiles spread across their faces. The corners of Cas’s mouth are raised only slightly, but he’s all teeth and he’s got those adorable crinkles around his eyes. You can see his dimples too. Dean’s only seen those dimples a few times - when Cas is really grinning like a fool. He can’t remember what they were talking about, or why they were so happy, but it’s the best picture he’s ever seen in his life.

	He finally opens his contact list and clicks on Cas’s name. He hesitates again, staring apprehensively at the screen before pressing the text message icon.


-- Hey Cas. I know you’re pissed at me. I’m really sorry man. I shoulda listened to you. I’m always fucking everything up. Please just talk to me.--


	Dean sits down on his bed and starts typing again.


--You know I’m an idiot. I was being a jackass before. I’m sorry Cas. I can’t stand you being gone. I meant it when I told you that you’re family. But it’s more than that, you’re my best friend. Even if it’s never anything more than that, I can’t lose my best friend. Please come back. You can stay here. At least call me. I need to hear your voice.--


	He waits for a response. The longer he waits, the worse the ache burns in him. He polishes off the rest of his bottle trying to dull the sting of it. He gets his phone out to text Cas again but he doesn’t trust his fingers. He presses the call button but it goes straight to voicemail.

	“Hey Feathers, I miss you dude. I’m so, so sorry. Please man, you gotta forgive me. I’ll get down on my knees and beg if that’s what it takes. I’ll kneel down and kiss your feet. I’ll do anything you want. Please come back. I need you, Cas. Just come home.”

	Dean passes out with the phone still nestled against his cheek.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Cas blinks awake to the burn of sunlight in his eyes. He groans in irritation and drags himself up into a sitting position. This sleeping arrangement was doing horrible things to his vessel. His body. He could feel the tightness in every muscle of his back. He’d spent the last few nights curled up in a ball in the back seat of the little green Mini Cooper. It wasn’t spacious by any stretch of the imagination, and it most certainly was NOT comfortable. The center of his lower back was especially tender from the seat belt latches digging in to him all night. 

	He steps out into the morning light, rubbing grumpily at his eyes, and moves himself to the drivers seat. He has much to do today. His cellular phone’s battery had run out of charge the day before and he needed to obtain a charging cord that was adapted for use in a vehicle. He was also starting to run low on funds. He would need to find a town he could settle in for a while so he could procure employment before he spent the last of his cash. It was very fortunate that he had any money to begin with. That was Dean’s doing of course. He’d made sure that Cas had access