a little too loudly. Mikasa certainly didn't want to get caught doing this. She thought for a moment, then took her scarf off from around her neck, balled it up, and shoved it in Annie's mouth. The other girl glared at her.

"You're too loud," Mikasa whispered huskily in her ear. Now that Annie had been quieted, Mikasa was ready for the last stage of the plan. She stopped grinding against the blonde and lowered her leg. Annie looked at her suspiciously.

'Don't worry, I won't be stopping right now.' Mikasa thought to herself with a smirk. She then grabbed Annie's ass with both hands and lifted her up a little. Getting the message, the other girl wrapped her legs around Mikasa's waist. The black-haired girl kept her left hand on Annie's ass to keep her in place and moved her right hand down to the waistline of the girl's pants. She slowly unbuttoned them and snuck her hand down until she met underwear. Mikasa looked up briefly to see if this was going too far, but the blonde just looked at her impatiently.

Deciding that it was okay to continue, Mikasa reached down beneath Annie's underwear (which was extremely wet) and ran her middle finger along her slit. Annie let out a muffled moan from behind the scarf and bucked her hips, trying to grind against the finger. Mikasa went back up to her clitoris instead and slowly traced it. Annie looked at her angrily and bucked her hips again. Mikasa smirked in return, but did as the other girl wanted. She moved her finger down and coated her finger with juices. Annie was already more than ready, so she entered the girl with one finger, then another after giving her a minute to get used to it. She began to move her fingers, slowly at first, but then increasing in speed. Soon she was pumping in and out of Annie while she moaned loudly into the scarf. Soon Mikasa felt the walls of Annie's vagina begin to tighten around her fingers. The blonde spit out the scarf and bit her lip to hold back her moans.

"I'm… close," she managed" You'd better… not stop.. or else…," the rest of the sentence was cut off with a loud moan she tried to contain as Mikasa curled her fingers inside of her. Finally, here was her moment for payback.

"Or else you'll what?" Mikasa murmured as her hand stopped moving and pulled out. She placed Annie on the ground and turned around to leave.

"No… you're kidding right?" Annie whispered, out of breath. Mikasa kept walking and quietly let herself into the barracks where most of the others were already asleep. She got into bed and smiled. While it had felt good to get revenge, she also still felt a dull ache between her legs. She knew Annie wouldn't let this be and would try to get her back. Though she hated to admit it, Mikasa was actually looking forward to whatever the other girl had in store.

The next few days were uneventful for Mikasa. Annie had been avoiding her gaze and maintained the usual neutral expression on her face. Mikasa was starting to get worried. What if she'd gone too far? But what had Annie expected? No. The main reason Mikasa was so worried was because she wasn't sure how Annie would get her revenge.

Mikasa had been pondering this as she woke up earlier than usual that morning. All the others in the room were still asleep as far as she could tell. Yesterday Connie and Sasha had been messing around too much and long story short, Keith was now sporting a black eye. So as punishment all the trainees had to run at least twelve miles before they could call it a day. Mikasa wasn't too worried, given the excellent shape she was in.

Soon it was time to get ready for the long day ahead of them. The running wasn't too bad, as Keith focused all his anger on the two hoodlums that had caused his bruised face. A couple miles in, Mikasa noticed Annie was just a couple meters in front of her. She couldn't help shift her gaze down for a couple moments. Her face grew warm as she admired Annie's body. Then she realized that said body happened to be glancing back at her. She quickly shifted her eyes up and tried to ignore the smug grin on the other girl's face. Mikasa then picked up her pace and quickly passed Annie, desperate to win even over something as small as a punishment run. Annie didn't seem to care and stayed at the same pace.

Mikasa finished before lunch and sat down under a tree to rest. A few others had finished and were lying down on the other side of the training field. Mikasa decided to also lay down and rest her eyes for a little while.

Mikasa woke with a start when a hand reached for her collar and pulled her along the ground. She must've fallen asleep