data pads and went back to where Lena were.Lena was still sleeping when she came back and she sat back down at the same tree as before.She turned on the data pad and looked what was on it.Usually there is not a lot of information on the data pads due to the risk of them falling into enemy hands.But Noir knew that a few soldiers were a bit sloppy with deleting old orders and data.So maybe there was more that just their latest orders on it.And there were some. Not a lot but a few more files than it should be.There was the old orders to bring her back.But there was also how they were able to find them in the first place back at the mansion.They had apparently gotten a tip from one of their moles inside the military.That Hanzo had been sent to kill Widowmaker but had apparently failed, and the some other unknown source.Suspected to be Overwatch due to the fight between Widowmaker and the Overwatch agent Tracer a few days ago.And due to the importance of the information that Widowmaker has on her.Search parties were sent out to find, and even if she had been killed the technology within her body could  not fall into the enemy hands.“Heh They don’t even see me as a living being.” Noir said to herself.And due to the nature that Overwatch could be involved the mercenary Reaper was brought in.And it was because of his recommendations that they would go to the mansion safe house first.He believed that she would not stay in the hut safe house for long if she had Hanzo after her.They had located the kill switch implant left at the mansion safe house, and deduced that only Overwatch had the skills to remove it.But there were no signs of a struggle between her and Overwatch.But there was signs of a battle between her and Hanzo, and it seemed like Tracer was somehow involved in the fight as well.There were two possibilities either Widowmaker had been captured by Overwatch or she had gone willingly to them.But before she was able to read more the radio crackled to life and it was Angela again.“Noir are you still there?” She asked.“Yes I am.” Noir replied.“Gut. I have talked to Winston about the Accelerator.” Angela said.“And what did he say?” Noir asked.“That it is not broken at least. Yet.” She replied.“Yet?” Noir said sounding a little worried.“Yes. It seemed that Lena had put a lot of strain on it and if she do not let it cool down for a few hours. Then It might.” She said but Noir interrupted her.“Say nothing more please.”She have only caused trouble for her, she thought to herself and looked over at Lena.She still can not fully understand why Lena would risk her life for her.Am I really worth all this?I should leave now so that she can be safe.“Noir.” Angela finally said.“What is it?” Noir replied.“I can understand what you are feeling to a degree. But the most important thing now is that you stay with her. If you run away now. Then she will just try to run after you. Stay together and protect each other.” Angela said.“Why do she do all this? Am I really worth it?” Noir said.“She thinks that you are worth it at least.” She replied.“She has helped me so much. But all that have done in return is to put her in danger.” Noir said.“You have helped her more than you believe Noir. You have responded to her emotions have you not.” Angela said in a calm voice.She was right. Running now will only cause more problem.“But continue with the plan to leave the country. For I can not promise that we will be able to get to you” She continued.“Oui I agree. Talon is really close now. I just killed two of them that were patrolling near by.” Noir replied.“Then it won't be long before they find that out. So hurry get out of there!” Angela said.“We will be in contact again when we are in a more safer location.” Noir said and hung up.Noir went over to Lena.She looked so innocent sleeping, so calm.How can someone like that fall for someone like me?We could not be more different even if we tried.“Hey Chérie time to wake up.” She said and patted Lena on her head.“Huh what? Is it time to go already luv?” Lena replied with a sleepy smile.“Sadly yes. Talon is not far away now Chérie.” She said and tried to smile back.“Oi what’s the matter luv? Ye seem worried?” Lena said.“No it’s nothing. We just need to go now.” She replied.“Hey come here.” She said and pulled Noir in for a hug.“No matter what happens we are still going to be together. we‘re always going to be together. So there is nothing to worry about” She whispered in her ear.“Everything feels so fragile