Simon and Athena of course still loved their eldest, her rebellious years had been trying, to say the least, the former joking frequently that his black hair turning a steely gray at his temples where it was not white already having resulted from that time.

By now, both of their girls had flown the coop, as the pictures of their respective high school graduations reminded their mother. Tomoe had been Valedictorian, and had barely managed to stammer her way through her speech note cards when giving the customary address. She had decided a year ago to attend Cambridge in the UK to study theoretical physics, and would travel to Switzerland for a summer internship with CERN during her upcoming semester break. Artie, on the other hand, now lived up in Sacramento after having completed her undergraduate education at UCLA, specializing in public relations and politics. She made a living working as a press liaison for the governor’s office, and cohabited there with her girlfriend of two years.

It was quite nice for Simon and her to finally be among themselves again, Athena mused. And yet… sometimes, the house felt empty with both of their daughters out in the world on their own. Her husband seemed to have even greater difficulties than she did when it came to this separation – no wonder, considering how attached he had been to his ‘little warrior princesses.’ Granted, they could be proud of how strong and independent the girls had turned out, taking on any challenges in their way without hesitation even though their methods differed, but… on occasion, it was still difficult to walk by the now always closed doors of their rooms, knowing that they weren’t inside.

Perhaps as a result, Simon had recently become slightly more handsy than he had been in prior years, also since Athena had finally (thank god, finally!) made it through the uncomfortable onset of menopause. They were alone, undisturbed, and didn’t have to worry about contraception anymore, now that her last period had happened almost 20 months ago. Sure, there were a couple of complications the advent of the second half of their lives had brought with it, but the gentle familiarity that came with having been married for 25 years, the renewed intimacy of being alone with each other, the ability to give voice to their desire and even leave the door open without being seen or overheard, made a little additional preparation worthwhile.

Athena had just finished that thought when the front door opened once more, and her husband stepped over the threshold.

The years had not passed by Simon Cykes without leaving their mark on him, either, his wife pondered after her walk down memory lane just now, but she could not help but be a bit envious that he seemed to wear them with far more dignity than her. He had developed a bit of a belly, as his current position was far more sedentary than being a prosecutor out in the field had been, but overall, he was still in good shape for a man of sixty. Whereas Athena’s hair was in the process of fading into a colorless blond, his had turned the hue of basalt shot here and there with silver, the white he had gained during his years in the clink now not standing out nearly as much as it once had. His sharp features had sagged ever so slightly, giving him a somewhat jowly appearance, but the laugh lines around his mouth spoke of his off-kilter sense of humor still being intact, and the crow’s feet at the outer corners of his eyes were much finer than her own even though he was ten years older than her.

About seven years ago, when Chief Prosecutor Edgeworth had vacated his post to become the chairman of the PIC, Simon had not been considered for a promotion – his enforced hiatus due to his incarceration, and his occasional reticence to take on bigger cases in order to be able to look after their daughters during their early years, had cost him valuable career points. Even though he had pretended that having Klavier Gavin, a younger man than him, as new superior had not bothered him, it had caused him to feel as though he had arrived at a dead end, akin to the Paynes prior to their retirement. His work had never been about the salary for him – idealistic as he was, he had felt the urge to make a difference, and a rank-and-file position at his age had not lent him the necessary gravitas to do so in his eyes. As a result, he had jumped on a chance which had presented itself when the chief warden of Central Prison, the jail in which he himself had served hard time so many years ago, had retired. With his familiarity with prisoners’ jargon, distribution ways of smuggled-in goods, and mob psychology, he had been the ideal candidate for the job.

Although of course he had been forced to operate within state guidelines for confinement facilities, Simon had had free reign in how to prioritize certain items, and he had made judicious use of it. Instead of blindly going after any sort of contraband, he had specifically targeted existing drug pipelines and items used to manufacture makeshift weaponry, turning a