answer him, he glances at Niall only to see that his attention is already back to the show, laughing. 

"So strange." Zayn says whilst shaking his head fondly.    Two seconds later and Niall’s polishing off his bottle like it was filled with water. He lets out a sigh of satisfaction and locks eyes with Zayn, raising his eyebrows. 

"I’m done, you want another?" 

Zayn waves his bottle, letting the liquid inside it hit the sides with a sloshing sound, resembling how much he has to go. 

"I’m good thanks, man." 

Niall shrugs as if to say ‘suit yourself’ and walks towards the kitchen. There’s a sound of clashing and glass hitting together, something unintentional and fragile. But when Zayn turns to look he only sees Niall there, placing his bottle down next to the collection on the bench, all of them so close together like an award shelf stacked to its extent. The sight and the smell of it comes all at once, diluting the air with bitterness and worry. 

"You alright?" Zayn asks him as Niall ducks down to the lower section of the fridge. 

"Ah! There’s only one more left! D’ya reckon I should have it?" 

Zayn bites at his bottom lip fiercely, scanning the bottles on the bench then scanning his eyes over Niall’s body, observing how light he is. 

"Are you sure it’s safe to have all that in one night?" 

"Mate," Niall says, looking at Zayn smugly, "I’m from Ireland. I’ve been drinkin’ like this since I was fourteen." 

Zayn doesn’t say anything. He lets Niall crack open his beer as he sits at the couch again  without a word and tries not to watch with concern as he sees the way Niall tilts his head back to let the liquor pour down his throat like it was Gatorade and he was an exhausted football player after a big game. 

"Y’know, Zayn," Niall says with a thoughtful yet dazed look in his eyes, "you were right when you said everyone has somethin’ they use to escape. This here," he points to the alcohol, "is helpin’ me get over the fact that he’s still down there, furious and lookin’ for me. Shit. Zayn, he’s probably lookin’ for me right now." 

There’s sudden fear in his voice - like a switch has been flicked and his emotions are controlled with it - and it’s shown in the way it quivers. He swallows harshly as he looks at Zayn like he’s expecting to be held or protected. 

"We don’t know that, yeah?" Zayn says quickly after him, desperately not wanting Niall to freak out. "We don’t know that he’s still down there." 

"But what if he is? Oh, God. If he catches me - if he catches you," He starts to breathe heavily, shaking his head, "Fuck, that can’t happen." 

"Hey," Zayn tells him sternly, hands instinctively grabbing onto Niall’s as a sign of consolidation, "don’t be scared, okay? I reckon it’s only all that beer that’s makin’ you anxious right now. Everything’s alright, he’s not gonna get you. I won’t let him."  

It all comes out in a sort of rush, like a train unable to stop on its tracks, but it works. Niall levels out his breathing and he nods once, squeezing Zayn’s hands like he depends on them. 

"Hope so," He says in almost a whisper. 

It’s quiet for a few seconds but Zayn can tell that Niall’s thinking about what to say next. The laugh track of the show plays in the background but instead of it being portrayed as humorous it’s deformed into a sort of sadistic sound, like a mocking crowd finding hilarity in the current situation. 

"We can still call the police on him, y’know." Zayn tells him calmly, knowing just how much Niall despises that option. "That way he’ll be locked up, he won’t search for you anymore." 

Niall doesn’t even consider it. He shakes his head profusely, eyes blown open with a mixture of worry and fear. 

"He’ll tell ‘em ‘bout me, though. He will. And what if they don’t lock him up? What if they just fine him or some shit? He’ll come lookin’ for sure and kill us both, no hesitation." 

His eyebrows pull together at the thought, his voice rising the more he explains. Zayn’s about to give him reasons on why they should call authority, but stops when he realizes, fearing that Niall could be right. 

"Yeah," Zayn nods, tone soft, "okay." 

The room goes cold as the music from an ad plays in the background. The clouds outside have grown, taking over the entire sky. 

Niall relaxes beside him