.

"I wish I had gone home to change first," he said. "I look like shit in this suit."

"Very fitting, considering how shitfaced you are."

"Ha! Funny," Mokuba said sardonically, then hiccuped. "Look," he added,  "I didn't just bring you in here to embarrass you." While he spoke, he  shrugged off his suit jacket.

"I never said you did." Far worse things than a drunk friend had happened to Yami.

"Just let me fucking account for myself bitch I know I'm drunk."

Yami chukled. "Alright," he said, shrugging.

Mokuba was unbuttoning his undershirt now. "It's hot," he said, "and I'm going to give you a lap dance."

"Oh, you really are drunk."

"Do you want one or not?"

Before Yami could form a witty answer, two women—a blond and a  brunette—entered the hallway, both dressed rather casually. They both  stopped and stared at the shirtless Mokuba as though they weren't sure  whether to be disgusted or turned on.

They seemed to not know what to say, so Yami filled in the silence for them. "He's extremely drunk."

Mokuba was gaping for words as well; it seemed that their appearance  had caught him off guard. In the end they giggled, the blond responding  to Yami with, "I bet!" before they rushed into their bathroom.

"They know I'm hot," Mokuba said after them.

Yami rolled his eyes. "You're out of control." He moved to stand. "You  have to get out of here. Maybe going outside will cool you off."

Mokuba pushed him back down to the couch. "Wait. Are you saying that you don't want a lap dance?"

"To jazz music?"

"Excuse me?"

"To jazz music," Yami repeated. "They only play jazz here."

"Don't be concerned about that. Here—" Fishing a bit clumsily into his  back pocket, he pulled out his phone. "It has a music player function."  He pressed a few buttons, navigating to it before presenting it to Yami.  "Go ahead. Choose something."

"You're really going to do it."

"I said I was going to. Why not?"

"Because we're in a jazz club."

"Just choose something already."

Yami was totally unfamiliar with the slew of American artists that were  on the device. However, he wanted to choose something that had a beat,  he supposed; somehow he didn't see Mokuba taking no for an answer and he  didn't want to cause a scene. So he did the next best thing—he went to  the industrial section, which Mokuba had clearly labeled—of course a  Kaiba would actually organize his music by genre—and put the thing on  random. If he was really honest with himself, he did want to see Mokuba  do something mildly embarrassing at this point; ever since his return  he'd walked around like he owned the place—telling Yami to get the fuck  out of his kitchen? Yeah, really funny. They'd see who was funny when he  recounted this to Mokuba the next morning...

"There. I chose something. Happy?" Yami quipped. The song that was  playing had a slow, grinding base that was slightly intriguing; he would  have to ask later who this actually was.

There was no questioning Mokuba's attractiveness or the fact that the  boy had apparently done this before. He began with his hips—something  that Yami could testify that most men were afraid of learning to  use—which was mildly entertaining. Yami was tempted to ask if Mokuba had  worked as a prostitute in New York, just to fuck with him, but he  couldn't really bring himself to ruin the moment.

Although it seemed like a silly idea at first, watching Mokuba dance  was actually quite a turn on. His hips had only been a precursor to a  variety of other movements, dips and rolls, sways and reaches—all of  which were accentuated by his lengthy hair, straight and sleek and sexy,  moving right along with him. The low grumble in the song conjoined with  a pounding beat, all blaring from a phone that should not have been  able to replicate a song like that with such vibrant rhythm. Mokuba was  all over the place, in a way—his steps seeming simultaneously random and  deliberate, hands sliding up Yami's chest in harmony with a well—timed  dip, the outline of his body contorting in ways that only made Yami  think of other things...

Yami had gotten better lap dances before, but Mokuba was doing quite  well for a drunk. The song's rhythm slid into a pulse, and Mokuba  straddled his hips on the couch, Yami shifting wordlessly to accommodate  him before he could actually think about what he was doing. Mokuba's  hips were still moving, grinding down on his loins and Yami did not think that it was a good idea to start something like this now when  Mokuba was leaning close and Yami