A little uncertainly Arthur watched the fireflies move on to his trousers, but he didn't question their intent. He felt warm and strangely safe. He could tell that the light was not malicious, just curious and maybe a little bit wicked. His boots came off next, and he buried his toes in the moss, enjoying its softness and hardly realising that the laces of his trousers untangled themselves. Then they were pulled down his legs and Arthur stood in the circle of light in only his undergarments.

The light in the circle intensified suddenly. It gathered in a small, pulsing ball that grew and grew, until it exploded, lighting up the whole clearing so brightly that Arthur was forced to close his eyes and turn away.

When he opened them again, there was a boy standing in front of him and the light had returned to its low pulsing circle. The boy himself seemed to glow with his own inner light though, his skin so pale it was almost white and his eyes as big and black as the buck's had been. There were leaves winding through his dark hair and over his strange ears, as well as around his hips. Apart from that the boy was completely naked.

He took a step closer to Arthur, looking at him expectantly and then speaking words Arthur couldn't understand.

''Emrryyysss...,'' something whispered in his ear.

Arthur didn't know why, but he thought it was supposed to be the boys name. It seemed important somehow. And then the dark eyes watching him sparked with gold, and Arthur understood that this was no ordinary boy but something else, something out of fairy tales and legends, like a god of the forest, and that it wanted Arthur to obey.

''You were tested, Prince Arthur of Camelot,'' the boy suddenly said in a clear voice. ''We don't like people trespassing on our lands, but you have bowed and paid respect, you have shown that you mean no harm and you have stepped into the elfendans to give yourself as a sacrifice. The land recognises you, and it accepts.''

Arthur blinked. It was as if the boy's eyes were holding him captive and Arthur was unable to look away.

''You may kiss me now, Prince Arthur, and seal your promise.''

Arthur's feet moved forward almost as if under their own volition, his gaze drawn to the boy's full lips. His heart was beating wildly. He had never kissed anyone, had imagined it, but never like this. The air between them tingled with energy, and the light in the circle of mushrooms flared up again.

And then their lips met, just a soft brush and a warm exhale, but Arthur felt something locking into place inside him, something he had not even known had been missing.

''Yes,'' he breathed. Not entirely sure what he was promising but not caring the slightest. He would promise this boy the whole of the kingdom if he could just keep kissing him.

''Will you serve me, Arthur?'' Emrys asked then. ''As I will serve you when the time has come?''

All Arthur could do was nod. He would do anything that was asked of him.

The boy moved his hands over the leaves at his hip and they fell away, leaving him completely naked. Arthur swallowed when his eyes were immediately drawn to the boy's erection, rising proudly up towards his stomach. It was long and stretched to a flared head that was a dark, reddish purple. It looked a bit like a mushroom itself.

''Kneel, Arthur. Take me into your mouth and suck me.''

Even though he was slightly nervous at the sight of the full, throbbing cock, Arthur obeyed without hesitation. He sank down to his knees in front of the beautiful boy and gingerly reached out his hand, wrapping it around the stiff shaft. Emrys sighed.

''Yes, Arthur, very good. You're doing so well. Now your mouth.''

Arthur opened his mouth and hesitantly wrapped his lips around the purple head, pressing his tongue against the underside and licking around it slowly before he went further down on the shaft. He couldn't help but love the way it filled his mouth, the weight on his tongue and the taste, the musky smell that filled his nostrils when he buried his face in the boy's pubic hair.

A hand came to rest on the top of his head, running through his hair and petting him gently.

''You are so beautiful, my prince, so very beautiful like this.''

Arthur hollowed his cheeks around the cock in his mouth and sucked, his lips moving up and down on the stiff flesh. It made the boy moan and push in further, thrusting into Arthur's mouth and choking him a little, but even that felt good. Arthur looked up then, pressing his face against the boy's hand, wanting to know he was making this good for him. Emrys' eyes looked straight into Arthur's, but they were not dark any longer. They were blue.

''So eager. So willing to please,'' he whispered,