with you pressed up against a wall. So would this explain why you seem to be less than comfortable sitting down?”

Chris fiddled with the stem of the wineglass and tried to will away the blush of color he could feel rising up his neck. There were times when he hated being fair-skinned and blond. There were times when he hated the fact that Archer was so perceptive with regard to him. “Could we please change the subject, sir?”

The two of them glanced round the table, catching snippets of conversation. Starfleet budgets, falling standards, the problem with the youth of today.... “I think not,” said Archer. “This is much more interesting than the rest of that bullshit. And I’ve bailed you out of enough shenanigans that you owe me for the rest of your natural life.”

Chris sighed. That was probably true. He’d never not been going to join Starfleet but it had had the unfortunate result that his youthful rebellion against his father’s authoritarian conservatism had played out in front of all his family friends and acquaintances, as well as most of his future commanding officers. Archer had got him out of trouble more than once and made sure certain things did not appear on his record. He owed the old man more than he could ever repay, not just for the cover but for the kindness and understanding. He’d slept on Archer’s couch on many occasions when he’d stormed out of his father’s house but couldn’t bear to go back to his dorm. 

“So. A man, a strong-willed one, an impatient one, one for whom the end of graduation was significant, and most importantly, one you were willing to roll over for. Which is not your usual modus operandi.”

“You’ve been making notes on my usual modus operandi, have you sir?” teased Chris. “Hoping to get a few tips?” 

“Actually I find being Commander in Chief of Starfleet gives me all the pulling power I need,” said Archer softly.

Chris choked over his mouthful of wine. “I’m sure it does, sir.” 

He was fairly sure he knew what Archer was getting at. He had done all the psych evaluations, he knew he had a slightly obsessive need to be in control. He was more than willing to sleep with any being, whatever sex or species, as long as the basic bits were compatible, but he always set the terms of the engagement. It took something special for him to be prepared to give it up to another man. 

“You’re not going to tell my father?” he said, suddenly panicked. Admiral Joshua Pike was of course in touch with modern ethics and accepting of the fully inclusive range of sexual and cultural practices condoned by current society. But that didn’t stop him from holding himself - and his son - to what he privately considered a higher standard. And offering up one’s ass for another man to fill with his cock did not meet that standard.

“Of course not,” said Archer with surprise. “I’ve never told on you. You know that.”

Chris nodded, feeling silly. Of course he knew that. It was one of the reasons Archer meant so much to him. He’d been allowed to express all his rage and frustration and confusion without being judged or condemned. Or ever sold out. 

Archer was watching him curiously. “This wasn’t just some post-graduation celebratory fuck, was it? This is someone who means something to you. Someone who waited for graduation. Someone you waited for. Hmmmm..... Dr Philip Boyce by any chance?”

Chris lost the battle to stop his blush flooding his cheeks. “How did you know that, sir?”

“Please. The two of you were the talk of Medical. Every time you’ve been admitted with yet more injuries from some damn fool stunt, you’ve always demanded him as your doctor. And then spent your time shamelessly trying to seduce him, even when dripping blood in the middle of Emergency. So he resisted you, did he? I’m impressed. That is more than can be said for some of your instructors.”

“Let’s change the subject, shall we?” said Chris. In retrospect he wasn’t terribly proud of that debacle from the start of his second year where he’d decided to put up a finger to his father over something or other by sleeping with as many of his instructors as he could seduce. It had taken Archer himself informing the instructors that anyone of either sex who couldn’t keep their pants up in the face of the Pike boy’s charms was not Starfleet material, to stop a scandal that might have ruined more than one career. 

And through it all the broodingly handsome Lieutenant Boyce, who’d taught his emergency medical responder class as well as parts of his extreme survival courses, had steadfastly refused to so much as touch him - other than in a medical context, of course. It had been very frustrating. 

“All right. Let’s talk about Boyce then