where he’s been, I don’t want you to catch any exotic diseases.”

“Oh, my God,” Emma said, hiding her eyes, looking positively mortified. “Killian, maybe we should just… call it a night,” she said in a muffled tone.

“Call it a night?” he repeated incredulously. “We haven’t even left yet.”

Emma raised her head out of her hands, looking flushed. “I think I need to talk to Henry,” she said shakily. “And I just…I feel like it’s going to be really awkward if we try to go out tonight.”

Henry beamed, watching Hook swallow his irritation and nod, reveling in his displeasure.

“Another time, then,” he said in a low voice.

“Oh, I don’t know about that,” Henry said cheerfully, walking him to the door. “I’m rather gifted at making things awkward.” 

And promptly slammed the door in his face for the third time that night. Ah, sweet victory.

 

“Why are we here?” Henry asked in a bored voice. 

He was standing with Hook at the docks, the cold wind ruffling their hair as they watched the gentle waves rocking the boats tied along the wooden posts. It was quite possibly the dullest moment Henry had ever endured. 

“I’m taking you sailing,” Hook said brightly. Henry closed his eyes.

“Super,” he said through gritted teeth. “That’s seems like a valuable use of my time.”

“I think you’d enjoy it,” Hook said, looking across the water with a vacant expression. “You’ve got the sea in your blood, boy. I can see it in your eyes. You’re a traveler, a wanderer, a pirate at heart…”

Henry rolled his eyes as Hook droned on, snapping his headphones over his ears. Hook's still talking with a dreamy look on his face, clearly in the throes of another one of his theatrical speeches. Henry flipped through his music, barely noticing as Hook led him along the wooden planks and onto a small boat, bobbing in the water. 

Hook attempted to engage him in conversation as he bustled around, preparing them for their little adventure; Henry decided that Florence and the Machine was far more interesting than Hook was, so he just watched the pirate with half-lidded eyes, rolling them every so often so Hook would understand how nauseatingly dull he was. 

“Can we go back now?” he asked after about two minutes, tugging off his headphones.

The smile faded off Hook’s face. “Henry, we’ve barely started.”

“This is boring.”

“You haven’t even given it a chance.”

Henry looked around: the dock was visible, though the mist concealed it rather well. It was chilly, and the waves rocked the boat uncomfortably. The air smelled fishy and salty and cold—probably what Misery would smell like if it had a smell.

Henry turned back to Hook. “This is boring,” he repeated. “Why are we even doing this?”

Hook shrugged. “I think it would be good for us to spend some time together.”

Oh, for the love of God. “Why?” he asked, curling his lip disdainfully 

“Because…” Hook looked mildly exasperated. “Because I do, Henry. Okay?”

“Because you think it’ll impress my mom,” Henry said shrewdly. 

“It wouldn’t make her unhappy, I suppose,” Hook said carefully.

“So you took me out here in the middle of nowhere to impress my mom?”

“You could say that.”

“In the middle of nowhere…”

Hook frowned. “Right…?”

Henry smiled maliciously. “With no witnesses.”

Hook looked at him for a long time, before subtly scooting back. “Right…”

“Well…” Henry laughed lightly, picking up one of the paddles. “Anything could happen.” 

He examined the paddle thoughtfully for a moment, then gave it a practice swing. Hook watched him uneasily, scooting back further.

“You know…” Henry tilted his head, considering the paddle. “At the very back of your head, located just above your brainstem, lies the medulla.” He looked up at Hook, raising his eyebrows. “Do you know what the medulla is?”

Hook shook his head, still eyeing him warily. Henry chuckled, twirling the paddle between his fingers. 

“The medulla,” he said in a clear voice, “is the part of your brain that control vital non-voluntary functions. Digestion… heart rate…breathing.” He smiled at Hook poisonously. “It’s impossible to survive without it.”

Hook licked his lips nervously. “Right,” he said in a raspier voice than normal. “Lucky I’m a survivor, than.”

“Oh, yes, quite lucky,” Henry said pleasantly. “We wouldn’t want anything unfortunate to happen to you. I myself would be devastated.”

Hook narrowed his eyes, looking at Henry suspiciously. “Are you … threatening me?”

Henry widened his eyes. “