go around wasting power on the Holodeck.”  

“I’ve traced most of it down to one program that has been accessed eighty-seven times.”  Harry continues.  “But I don’t know what it is.  It’s encrypted.”  

I briefly close my eyes and risk a glance at the Captain.She nods at Harry.  “Keep at it.  Let’s see what you can find out.”  

The young Asian man turns to me.  “I could use your help with this.”  He flashes me a smile.

I resist the urge to groan.  While I’m flattered he acknowledges my technical skills, I don’t want to be the one to put him on the trail of the pod program.  And I certainly don’t want to be the one explaining to him why it’s so popular among the female crewmembers.  

Janeway adjourns the meeting and Harry looks at me expectantly.  

“I’ll catch up with you.”  I mumble, catching the Captain as she exits the Briefing Room.  “Captain, do you have a moment?”  

She nods briefly.  “Follow me to my Ready Room.”  

I throw Harry a look, indicating that I’ll catch him later, although I already know I will do my best to avoid him.

Janeway heads straight for the replicator as we enter her Ready Room and looks over her shoulder at me.  “What can I do for you?”  

I bite my lip, wondering how to phrase my confession.  I want to be vague enough not to make it too awkward, yet clear enough so she gets it without question.  And I don’t want to get in trouble any more than necessary.  

Janeway squints at me when I’m silent for too long and tilts her head.  “Coffee?”  

Grateful for the time it buys me, I nod in acceptance.  

After replicating a tray, the Captain moves to the upper level and places it on the coffee table.  We both sit down and she fills the cups with the hot dark liquid.

I lean forward to grab my cup, taking my time adding milk and sugar.  

“Whenever you’re ready…”  I can hear the slightest trace of a smile in her voice.  

Cradling my cup, I half-turn towards the Captain.  I better explain before I lose my nerve.“The holoprogram that Harry was talking about, you know, the one that consumes so much power?” 

“What about it?”  Janeway prompts.

“It’s a holographic replica of the pod on Thela.”  I add and cast my eyes down.  I can feel that I’m blushing.  

“I know.”  

My head snaps up in surprise at her words.  “You… know?”  I echo.

She must find that funny, because the smile that has been playing around the corners of her mouth, briefly breaks into a full grin.  

“How?”  I ask, wondering how on earth she found out about it.  I was under the impression that only a couple of women knew about it.  Then again, considering how many times the program has been activated during these two weeks, it’s difficult to imagine there are women on this ship who haven’t heard about it.

“I’m the Captain.  It’s my job to know these things.”  She replies quizzically.  

My shoulders sag and I hang my head.  My plan, it turns out, was not as under the radar as I had hoped it would be.  “I’ll delete the program from the database, Captain.”  I concede.  “That way it can’t interfere with Voyager’s power consumption anymore.”  Then I frown.  “Wait, if you already knew, then why did you order Harry to continue his investigation?”

“Because I like seeing you squirm.”  She states promptly.

I snap my head up again, almost shocked to find her grinning.  Briefly I wonder what happened to the woman who could barely face me in the Mess Hall two weeks ago, on the morning after our joint pod session.  I thought she was embarrassed then.  But now I’m wondering… was she?

“Do you think there’s a way to lower the power consumption?”  Janeway continues as if asking me to adapt an erotic massage device is the most normal conversation topic in the universe for a Captain and a Chief Engineer.

“Uh, the technology is based on inverse polaron pulses…”  I stammer.  “It takes a lot of energy to create them.”  

“What if we used focused polaron bursts instead?”  The Captain asks.

It’s pretty obvious she’s seriously been thinking about this.  “It will be nearly impossible to get the same ripple effect with bursts.  And I think the ripple effect is exactly what makes the whole experience… interesting.”  

Somehow I still can’t wrap my mind around the fact that I’m having this conversation with the Captain.  

“Hmm.  Good point.”  She mutters and tilts her head.  “Any other ideas?”  

We both sit in silence for a moment, but I can’t really focus on the technical side of this conversation.  I’