realise you were so engrossed in watching snood make a fool of himself you forgot you're supposed to be pouring people coffee with pretty figures in it. Highly unprofessional. That's the kind of thing people get scolded by the boss for. In your case, you're the boss, but you're pretty sure Kanaya is going to tattle to Rose so you'll probably end up being lectured anyway.

Sometimes you wondered why you agreed to hire your sister's best friend.

"Something on your mind, Dave?" she asks when you hand her two mugs of steaming lattes with little hearts in the foam to hand to the pair of charming ladies at the counter. They laugh and croon over the figures, but one of them is wearing a wedding band and the other doesn't look very interested in you either so you think they probably find the pictures itself more charming than the gesture.

You consider waving her off her question because this is all really stupid no matter how you look at it, but then you realise she'll just think you're being suspicious if you evade her. Getting hassled into having a talk with Rose about something like this would be a prime example of making a flea into a polar bear, and there is pretty much a minus twenty percent chance of Kanaya letting go and leaving well enough alone. "No man, I'm just observing the ins and outs of the finest of teenage crushes, courtesy of snood over there."

It's a testament to friendship as well as how long you and Kanaya have known each other that she doesn’t even so much as blink at the nickname. "I'm fairly certain he's in his twenties," she tells you instead. "And you're aware of the subject of his fine teenage crush, yes?"

"No he's not. Look at the odd, awkward movements. He looks like he's about to poke out his own eyeballs with his elbow, that's a teenage phase. Besides, you can't tell me that's not a schoolbag he's toting around," you say, glancing over at snood's table again. By now he's shrank so far into his chair he looks like he's about to merge with it, maybe turn into some kind of autobot-sailor scout magical chair hipster and magic himself somewhere far far away. "And unless it's my coffee, which I do admit is ridiculously awesome but not quite sapient enough to sign a marriage contract, yeah, I'm not actually that oblivious."

"He's college age at least. Thrift-store over-accessorising says more than awkwardness, he could have just had a very late growth spurt," she says as she scribbles something on the inventory list. You must be close to running out of something again. "And college students use books and bookbags too, in case you hadn't noticed. So, what are you going to do with this?"

"Do with it?" you ask, cautiously. You don't really intend to do anything with it. It's flattering and kind of adorable, but it's also really dumb, and you'd rather keep your hands clean off of this one. Breaking some kid's heart is one thing, doing it deliberately is more trouble than you're willing to deal with.

"You're the one making marriage metaphors. Not everyone around that age is playing for the big leagues, you know." She gives you one of those quick little smiles of her that tell you that she knows exactly what she's saying, and you wonder how rude it would be to just sidestep the rest of the conversation entirely. There aren't any new customers entering or older ones leaving, so nothing explicitly needs serving or cleaning. You decide not to take the risk. A meddling Kanaya Maryam is a force to be reckoned with.

"Oh please no, Kanaya, not the sports metaphors, you've found my one true weakness," you tell her dryly.

She clacks her tongue. "Don't quote spider-man at me, you."

"I'd quote spider-woman, but I'm not familiar with the source material."

"Very funny Dave," she tells you, but you can see the skin around her eyes crinkling as she smiles. "Don't let John hear you."

"Hey, I didn't say anything incriminating. You have no proof it was me. Bro-code demands solid proof before accusation."

"Husband-code demands he listens to me, or else. I'm sure he'll agree my word counts," she tells you with a little wink. You try to ignore the implications.

"Technically he's married to Vriska," you say instead. A few years ago this would have earned you a dark look and a lecture on the political and social intricacies of polyamorous relationships. Now she just rolls up a menu and thwacks you on the head with it.

"Hey, hey,