, looking at her incredulously.

"Allison, he like, totally changed basketball."

The girl looked skeptic. "Wow, so why don’t you go talk to him?"

"Oh, yeah. Right." He shook his head, grimacing.

Allison huffed. "What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he’s cute, what’s the worst that could happen?"

Stiles widened his eyes and enunciated exaggeratedly. "He could hear me."

They paused, looking at each other in silence before Allison turned on her heels and walked toward Derek.

"OK, I’m doin’ it for ya."

Stiles tried to grab her arm, flailing slightly in panic. "Oh Allison don’t, don’t you dare, don’t, don’t." he hissed, but the girl was almost halfway there. "Tell him I cook...?" He called desperately.

The young woman did a quick pirouette on herself sending a wink and a smirk at him. 'Damn her and her confidence.' he thought morosely.

She tapped on Derek's shoulder, smiling as he turned around. "Excuse me. Hi."

"Hi?" Hale eyed her suspiciously.

"Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, he thinks you’re cute." Allison pointed in Stiles' direction, who turned bright red, flailed a bit again before giving an awkward little wave.

Hale turned back to Allison slowly, raising an eyebrow.

"So what, he's a little... flaily. But like, he's really cute, and may I remind you he cooks. And bakes. And dances doing it. And-" She paused. "OK, we’re gettin’ kinda off track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you’re cute. So what should I tell him?"

Derek contemplated the boy a few meters away, silently. He did a little moue before turning to her. "You can tell him to come tell me himself."

Allison squinted. "This isn't some kind of play to turn him down in a really mean way, is it?"

The man raised the other eyebrow. "...No?"

The young woman raised her eyebrows right back. "Was that a question or an affirmation?"

The man seemed taken aback. "Affirmation?"

"Mmm." She hummed, squinting at him, then left.

Stiles was chewing on his hoodie's strings nervously, looking at her coming back, and spit them out quickly once she was back in hearing range, flailing a hand out towards the older man. "So, what did he say?"

"Well, he doesn't punctuate like a normal person, but I think he thinks you're cute too. He told me he wanted you to go to him yourself to ask him out." She said, smiling at his friend's hopeful face. "See, that was easy!"

Stiles' smiled back widely and he bit his lip, looking quickly at Derek before turning back to her, smile slipping. "Wait, did he say those exact words or are you extrapolating?"

"Well-" She began but Stiles groaned, looking completely dejected all of a sudden.

"Ally, why did you get my hopes up like that." He whined, already looking around for somewhere to flee and hide in for awhile.

The girl grabbed his arm. "No wait I swear he-"

"Please, don't." He said softly, looking morose.

The young woman gave him a look and flicked his forehead.

"Ow! What was that for?" He rubbed at the sore spot, glaring at her.

Allison put her hands on her waist. "Listen to me, you dumbass." The young man pouted. "Listen. He said, word for word, that if you had something to say he wanted you to come and tell him yourself. So now, shoo. Go get him." She gave him a little push.

Allison watched as Stiles flailed again, somewhat making his bizarre moves seem kind of graceful. She looked as he took a few steps before stopping and looking back at her. She made motions with her hands, mouthing 'GO!' and she watched him take a deep breath before straightening and starting to walk again. Then he stopped. Then walked. Stopped again. Walked. Allison almost wanted to facepalm.

Derek was watching everything from his place a few meters away, feeling like an awkward teenager again, wondering if the young man would ever manage to get to him or if he should help him or what. He was contemplating what to do, his resting glare face full on, then realized he was indeed glaring at the younger man and tried to change his face to something friendlier. He did actually want the brunet to come talk to him. He was pretty cute.

Stiles didn't even know what most of his body parts were doing. He had a whiff of courage on a breath in then it all went