you’re after?” she questioned, smiling when Levi gave a curt nod.

She brought them over to the counter, punching some numbers into the register.

“That’ll be $22.60”, while Levi was busy swiping his card to pay, Sasha asked him, “For Eren? For valentine’s day?”

Levi nodded once more, gave a brief thank you to the bubbly shopkeeper, and exited without so much as a goodbye.

Levi’s car was parked a few blocks down from the store, so he didn’t have far to walk. But as he made his way through the bustling crowd, another memory resurfaced.

It had been around one year ago, and Levi had just returned from a business trip. He had been gone a month, so when he opened the front door to his and Eren’s apartment, he wasn’t sure what he thought would happen, but he was totally caught off guard, to say the least.

 

 


“Levi~!” Eren squealed as he tackled Levi down from where he stood in the doorway.



It was raining, had been for days now, but it was ok, because the weather had perfectly matched Eren’s previous mood. Sadness, pretty much. His boyfriend had been gone a whole month, he could no longer wait for him to return in the evenings after work, in fact, for at least a week after Levi’s flight had left, Eren still unconsciously made dinner for them both, only to realise he was the only one there in the now, empty feeling apartment.



But he was back.



Levi was home.



The love of his life was home, I mean, it wasn’t like he was never going to come back, Eren had been informed the exact time Levi would be returning, but it still didn’t change the fact that he had missed him.



“I missed you so fucking much!” Eren yelled, still sprawled out on top of Levi, ultimately squashing him.



“Argh! Get off shitty brat!” Levi grumbled, trying to shove Eren off, but it only made him grip tighter, so eventually he just gave up, letting Eren rant on about how lonely he had been while he was away. When Eren had calmed down, and removed his face from where it had just been buried in Levi’s chest, Levi reached up and pulled Eren in for a chaste kiss. They both wished it could last longer, but Eren was the first to pull away, only so he could smile down at his boyfriend, tears sparkling in the corners of his eyes as he whispered,



“Welcome home.”



 



 


Levi made it back to his car, it was a black 1967 Chevrolet Impala, his very first car, and he was damned proud of it. It was always in perfect shape, not a speck of dust adorned the beige, leather seats. He placed his recently purchased bouquet in the passenger seat, and climbed in himself. He started up the car, and strapped his seatbelt across his chest.

He pulled out of the parking space he had taken on the side of the road, and set off. He estimated a travel time of around twenty-five minutes to get to Eren, anyone who knew him would know that he was not a valentine’s day person, but if Eren liked it, then he would put up with it.

For Eren.

 

Levi turned the steering wheel to the left, pulling in to his destination, he could hear the gravel crunching underneath the tyres, but ignored it.

He was here.

He opened the driver’s door, not before grabbing the bunch of daffodils sitting neatly on the seat beside him, and climbed out, clicking the lock shut behind him.

He made his way down a well shaded, cobbled footpath. The stones were all aligned perfectly, placed in front of one another like fitting puzzle pieces. He only now realised what a nice day it happened to be, the sun was beaming down through the open gaps the leaves couldn’t cover. The grass around the path was well trimmed, like always.

When Levi came into view, from where he stood, Eren called out, “Levi, you’re here! You have no idea how much I’ve been looking forward to seeing you again!”

Levi smiled slightly, just a small quirk of his lips, as he stepped out of the shade and into the blissful heat.

“Hello again, Eren.”

Levi walked forwards, Eren sprinting until they met in the middle. They both stopped, and stared for a minute, until Levi stepped forward again.

Right through Eren.

Eren’s brows furrowed, his eyes narrowed, and he stiffened, but he was still smiling. He turned around to where his boyfriend was just sitting down in the usual spot he sat in whenever he came to visit.

“Haha, Oh that’s right, you can’t see me anymore… I should remember, I mean, it’s this way every single time, you would’ve thought I would get used to it by now.” Eren laughed sheepishly