kid.”

               “How?” Yixing asked, staring at him.

               “I’m not sure,” Kyungsoo muttered. “I never really figured it out.”

               “I think you’re delusional,” Luhan huffed, turning back to his work. “Maybe Baek pulled him out of some mental institute – he’s got schizophrenia or is on some hard drugs or somethin’.”

               “I am not,” Kyungsoo cried, rubbing at his head. “Baek can fly, and I came here as a kid and definitely saw a fairy. Are you guys just fucking around with me?”

               They all shook their heads at him. “Maybe you should go lay down,” Yixing suggested. “I’m sure this has all been a lot for you – and it’s really warm today, maybe you just aren’t feeling well.” Kyungsoo glared at him.

               “I’m not crazy,” he said pointedly.

               “Of course you’re not,” Yixing said, smiling softly at him.

               Kyungsoo ignored the other trying to coax him away for a nap and stayed his ground, silently watching Luhan prepare dinner.

               He hadn’t realized how late it was getting when Baekhyun returned until he felt how hollow his stomach was. He only had nibbled on some fruit throughout the day – he was starving – and the sun was slowly going down, making the sky a bright orange. “I got it,” Baekhyun cheered as he came into the clearing, holding bags that looked pretty heavy. Yixing and Kai immediately stood, racing over to help him.

               “Damn, dude, you got a lot this time,” Kai cheered as he opened one of the bags made from animal skins.

               “We need to celebrate Soo! He’s very special,” Baekhyun said with a grin, looking over at Kyungsoo who was still scowling from being called crazy before. “What’s wrong Sooie?” Baekhyun gasped, racing over to crouch in front of him. “Did something happen while I was away?”

               “He’s just mad cause we said he was crazy,” Sehun chuckled.

               “Why is he crazy?” Baekhyun questioned, glancing over his shoulder at the other boys.

               “I told them you could fly,” Kyungsoo snapped, looking hard at Baekhyun. “And that there are faeries on the island.”

               Baekhyun’s face froze for a split second – something Kyungsoo wouldn’t have seen if he hadn’t been staring so intently – before breaking into a smile as he laughed. “What are you going on about?” He laughed like a hyena. “Faeries? Flying? Why, I know the island is magical – but not like that, Kyungsoo.”

               Kyungsoo grabbed the front of Baekhyun’s shirt hard in his fist, making the laughter cut short and everyone stare at him in awe. He glared at Baekhyun who looked confused. “Don’t lie – you can fly.”

               “No I can’t,” Baekhyun said, creasing his brow in confusion. Kyungsoo dropped his shirt and looked away, continuing to scowl. Why the hell would Baekhyun keep that a secret? And if it was such a big secret, why show Kyungsoo that he could fly in the first place? “I’m sorry Sooie,” Baekhyun cooed, reaching out to squish one of his cheeks between his fingers. Kyungsoo slapped his hand away. “Come on, we’re about to throw a celebration for you! No being a pouty-pants,” Baekhyun pouted back at him in exaggeration until Kyungsoo sighed and looked at him. “Want to see what I got?” Baekhyun asked, tilting his head – the twinkle was back in his brown eyes.

               Without waiting for his reply, Baekhyun grabbed one of the bags he had brought back and handed it to Kyungsoo who peered inside after feeling its heavy weight. He blinked. “Alcohol?” He questioned slowly, grabbing one of the bottles inside that had murky brownish-red liquid inside. He sniffed at it.

             “Of course!” Baekhyun cheered. “We can’t have a celebration without at least a little bit of it.”

               “So much for the lost boys being pure and childish,” Kyungsoo muttered to himself. “Where did you get it?” he asked, this time looking to Baekhyun.

               “The pirates of course,” he laughed. “I had to go snag some.”

               “You managed to go all the way to the pirates ship, take this much alcohol, and just walk away?” Kyungsoo asked with a raised eyebrow.

               “Of course it wasn’t that easy,” Baekhyun huffed, crossing his arms. “But, when you know your way around the island and around the pirates – you can steal a lot from them,” he winked, grabbing the bag and dumping all of the bottles into a pile. “Let’s start this celebration!” He cried. “Luhan – is the meat ready to cook?”

               “Aye,” Luhan nodded.

               “Well then, let’s get a fire going and welcome Kyungsoo to the lost boys!”

               The fire didn’t take very long – apparently when a couple of boys put their heads together, fires