anyone.

Except maybe Rolo.

When Hunk was done with Lance's jacket, he moved on the Keith's. Keith's jacket was slightly different than most jackets. It was shorter and only reached about the waist, right above the hips. But the sleeves were normal length. 

It was leather and had a high collar.

Hunk zipped it as well and looked at the two with a smile.

Now what else would he need to make them look like the two pining Paladins? Hunk snapped his fingers and ran to his room with a wide smile adorning his face. 

"Ah, where is it?" The Yellow Paladin said as he searched his drawers for the pair of gloves he normally wore. He wanted to use it for the cosplay chairs. 

"Bingo!" He cheered when he found them. He held onto them as he worked on the next step to his chairs. He needed shoes. He went to Lance's room and silently prayed that Lance was in his Paladin armor. 

He fist pumped the air when he saw Lance's tennis shoes sitting next to his bed. 

He snuck them out, and went next door to Keith's room.

His boots were there too!

"Yes!" Hunk whispered as he swiped the white, red and black boots from the floor where they had clearly been thrown. One was by the bed, and the other was sideways next to the closet door.

He also saw the belt and pouches that belonged to the raven haired teen haphazardly thrown on the bed, Galra blade missing. 

Keith never left that belt just lying around. But Hunk just shrugged and grabbed the belt.

The heavy set teen tiptoes out and ran back to the Dining room.

When he got there, fortunately no one was there. Not even the tall, ginger Altean that was acting as everyone's cool Space uncle.

He put the gloved on the front two legs of the Keith chair as if they were hands wearing them. Next he latched the belt around the backing of the chair and made sure that his jacket wasn't stuck underneath. 

He also put the boots on the back two legs as if they were feet.

Satisfied with his work, he went to Lance's chair. He tucked on of the sleeves into the pocket as if his hand was on his hip. And the shoes went on the back legs just like Keith's boots. 

"Hmm?" Hunk said backing away from his handy work. His eyes widened. He started laughing and he put his hand to his forehead. "Klance Chairs!" He barked out as he laughed. He nearly doubled over and nearly choked on his loud, boisterous laugh.

He wished he had a phone so he could share this glory with everyone forever. He was sure that Pidge would definitely get a kick out of this blackmail worthy situation.

Once Hunk's laughter died down to snickers, he went behind the Keith chair and put his hands on the back. 

"My names Keith and I am a My Chemical Romance loving, angsty teen who doesn't know how to express feelings I have first a boy I am soo in love with," He said, gently rocking it back and forth with each word. 

He snickered to himself again as he moved on to Lance's chair. 

"Uh, the names Lance and I have repressed gay thoughts that could rival Dean Winchester! So I hit on every pretty girl that I come across because a guy cradled me in my arms though I claim to not remember it," He said, giving it the same treatment as the first. Then he really got into his fun little game as he giggled, his whole being shaking.

"So, instead of facing my feelings, I turned it into a rivalry and totally deny that I have a gay crush on a guy with a mullet!" He was full on laughing now.

This continued for some time. Him helping Pidge was totally forgotten and he didn't notice when the two boys he was pretending were the chairs in front of him had walked in looking for their stuff.

Hunk's game was cut short by Lance's embarrassed screech.

"Hunk! What the crow!?" He yelled as he ran over to the chairs, his normally, naturally sun-kissed face was bright red. He took his jacket off of the chair, not even bothering to unzip it. And he nearly pushed the chair over to get his shoes. 

Keith had just stood there, red faced and frozen. He had heard most of what Hunk had said as he played with the dressed-up chairs. He couldn't believe the things he had heard. His heart was hammering in his chest.

He didn't say anything as Lance grabbed his stuff and booked it out if the room. 

Hunk looked embarrassed and slightly shameful.

"I'm sorry, Keith, I had gotten bored and saw that the two of you had left your jackets here," Hunk said, fiddling with his index fingers, them bumping into each other as he looked down at his shoes. 

"It's fine," Keith said, voice cracking. He