didn’t have to worry about Mika. He was a good boy but she was always antsy whenever she leaves for work. It didn’t help when he appeared to not really like the nannies she’s been hiring. They all say that he behaves himself during the day when she’s away, but if her son doesn’t like them, then it wasn’t going to work out for her either.

She ended up staying at the office for another an hour and a half instead of the hour. But that’s what happens when she has incompetent workers.

She sighed again as the car pulled to a stop in a familiar neighbourhood. The driver opened the door for her and she walks to the house that she familiarized herself with. She sent a text a little earlier on when Krul left the office. Mika probably had fallen asleep by now, which was normal as it was getting late for a young toddler.

She sent another text as she approached the porch. She was surprised when it opened and her son was still awake, but his hand was rubbing his eye tiredly.

“Mama,” he mumbled as Krul reached out for her son.

“He refused to sleep before you came to pick him up,” Mahiru said as she handed Mika to his mother. “He had a really good day today. Made a mess on the table though when he and Yuu found it way more entertaining to draw on the table itself.”

“Shit, I’ll pay you back for it,” Krul said as she looked down at her son who was already falling asleep in her arms.

“It’s all cool,” Mahiru said with a light laugh, “besides, the table looks less boring now. And the important thing is that they had fun. Look at him, he’s all tuckered out.”

“I guess,” Krul said as she wiped away the small trail of drool coming from the corner of Mika’s mouth.

“I should let you get home and have some dinner. I don’t even have to ask since I’m sure you haven’t eaten anything from lunch,” Mahiru said with a hand on the door.

“Since breakfast but thank you for your concern,” Krul said as she shifted Mika in her arms.

“I get that you’re busy, but geez, even my dick of a brother had time to eat lunch,” Mahiru said, but her tone was lighthearted. “I would imagine Ferid would get you something.”

“I was stuck in a meeting. But thank you, Mahiru,” Krul said as she softened her expression, as if she dropped her guarded mask, “I’ll see you tomorrow then. Have a good night.”

“You too,” Mahiru said and watched Krul walk back to the car. She closed the door and went to check on her own baby who was fast asleep in the living room.

I think I'm going to write about Mahiru and Krul meeting next chapter. A little backstory to how they met and why Mahiru chose to stay at home to watch her son :3

Krul found Mahiru in the least expected place after she 'disappeared'. Some background to the current timeline.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

Krul walked into the small café. It was not a popular chain shop but they made great pastries. Krul was having another headache with trying to balance work with her personal affairs. She had never been conflicted between the two, most of her attention placed on work, but it was entirely different with a child at home.

Krul let out another sigh as she stood by the counter, waiting for the barista to make her drink. She usually took her coffee black but on days like these, she needed the sugar and cream.

The young man wished her a good day as he handed her the pastry and coffee. She muttered back a reply before turning on her heel to leave.

While she contemplated on whether staying for a while, enjoying the soft music playing in the café or returning back to her office and start sorting out the issues waiting on her desk. But she caught a familiar face sitting in the booths, sipping on a cup of coffee while looking at the newspaper. As she approached, she noticed it was the page on job listings.

Krul sat down opposite to the woman but the other’s gaze never left the paper. Krul took a sip of her sweetened coffee before speaking.

“I never expected to see you here, Mahiru Hiragi.” The paper lowered and her expression indicated that she did not notice Krul’s presence at all before. “It’s a surprise meeting you here, especially since you seemed to have dropped off the face of Earth.”

Mahiru let out a small laugh before folding the paper neatly and tucking it to the side. “It’s a pleasure to see you, Krul-san.”

“What have you been up to lately?” Krul asked as she leaned back on the plush booth seat. Her hands cradled the warm drink in her hand as she examined Mahiru’s face. “It was hard for