a mage taken from outside the Qun were typically forced to drink qamek. Not a fate that he thought she would be too happy with. 	

When they got to the outskirts of town, Iron Bull looked around them, then helped her remove the leash. She huffed, “finally,” and scowled at Iron Bull’s hands, as if this were somehow his fault. He suppressed a sigh; she was certainly a fiery one, but that wasn’t necessarily going to make their journey together pleasant or fun. 

“Listen here, boss. Let’s lay down some ground rules.” He crossed his arms in front of his chest and kept his features neutral; he wasn’t trying to be intimidating, but she needed to pay attention, and follow instruction. “First, I wasn’t kidding about what I said back in the marketplace. For as long as you’re under my care, you need to listen to me.” 

He held up a hand before she could speak. “I know what you’re thinking, and your pride isn’t what’s important here. I know you weren’t trained among the Qunari.” She averted her gaze. “Among the Qun, mages are respected, but they don’t have equal rights. They need to be controlled and contained, hence the collar.” He dangled the leash again between them. “If anyone realizes you’re an unbound mage, without an Arvaarad, and an outsider to boot, you’ll either be killed or forced to drink qamek, which will wipe your mind clean. Worse than Tranquility.”

“What…what do you want me to do?”

Good, he thought. She’s taking this seriously. “Rule number one: If I give you an order or tell you to do something, you do it. No question.”

“Umm, what if you ask me to pass the salt?”

Iron Bull paused, mildly thrown off by her question. “Well…if I say ‘please,’ it’s a question. If I don’t, it’s an order.”

Ellana looked like she would protest again, and he held up another hand. “Let me finish. Rule number 2: If we’re around others, don’t talk unless I give the OK. Anything you say could give yourself away. I want to keep you safe, and that’s going to be harder if we’re not careful. This is in your best interest.”

“Rule number 3,” he examined her features again, “The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. I’m going to put a priority on protecting you, but if you step out of line, that may change.” He wasn’t going to say what he was thinking; he had orders, and if he had to enlist help to suppress her abilities and haul her back to the Ben-Hassrath base kicking and screaming, he was going to do it. 

Ellana looked to the ground. “That sounds a lot like what the guards told me. Except they weren’t as nice about it.” She sighed. “I sometimes hate being a mage.”

She stepped up to him, close enough to almost touch, startling him. She reached up her hand, and for a moment he thought she would place it on his arm, but instead she tugged the leash out of his grip. “I guess this is mine.” 

He allowed it to slip out of his fingers. 

“Thanks again for your…help earlier. I don’t know what they would have done to me after how I electrocuted the guard.”

Iron Bull couldn’t suppress his burst of laughter. “I’m not sure if you needed much help. You seemed to be doing fine on your own.”

Ellana finally smiled back, and Iron Bull was surprised to find that the sight warmed him to the core.   

 

* * *

 

The distance to the Ben-Hassrath hold was about four days on horseback, almost a week and a half on foot. Iron Bull was accustomed to making these journeys back to headquarters alone. For the first two days, Ellana refused to converse more than polite chit-chat, so he spent a lot of that time thinking. 

Iron Bull’s thoughts wandered back to the man he had assassinated in New Thedas, and his talk of ‘freedom.’ When was the last time Iron Bull truly felt free? It never seemed important to him until recently, and he couldn’t help but remember the way Ellana had eyed the leash dangling in front of her face like a viper, how she had had tucked it away and he hadn’t caught site of it since. Stowed away, protected. 

For Bull, freedom felt like laughing without inhibition, which took him back many years to when he was a child. Sunlight and green fields, playing chase and catch with others his own age. There was no division yet between soldier, spy and priests…that would come later.  He remembered one young Qunari with whom he had shared a close bond. Purple ribbons