though to head back towards the festival. It was an admittedly pretty pathetic attempt to make Makishima jealous but he half expected it to work. It didn’t. 

“Have fun, I’ll be making extra hangover cures tomorrow but you’d best be in early or I’ll be all sold out.” Makishima’s voice was even further away than it had been seconds ago. 

“That’s it? That’s all you’re going to say?” Toudou whirled around again glaring at Makishima’s retreating back. 

“What am I supposed to say?” 

“You’re supposed to try and stop me!” The irritable noise that came out of Toudou’s mouth was unplanned and probably a little over dramatic but Toudou didn’t care. 

“And why would I do that?” Makishima turned back towards him. There was almost an entire street between the two of them now but Toudou didn’t need to be close to know Makishima was raising his eyebrow just a little. His mouth was probably pulled into a thin line too, equal parts annoyance and disdain. “Seems a little over dramatic for me.”

“That’s just it you aren’t acting any differently! I slipped you a love potion even but no you’re to bloody you to be affected by that! You just act the same as usual!” Toudou stomped his foot glaring down the street at him. Then, as it dawned on him what exactly he’d said his eyes got wide and his entire stance shifted into something torn between defensive and apologetic. 

“Just because you’re to dense to see it doesn’t mean I have to spell it out for you.” Okay. That was really not the response Toudou had been expecting when Makishima learned about what he’d done. 

“Wait!” Touduo found himself running after Makishima. Something was off and he couldn’t figure out what it was. “Aren’t you mad at me?”

“Should I be? Like you said I’m not acting any differently.” Though he didn’t actually stop Makshima did slow down, just a little. 

“I, uh..” Having suddenly run out of words Toudou just walked beside Makishima and tried to get his thoughts in order. He started mumbling, mostly to himself, because hearing things said out loud helped him think. “Well there are a couple possibilities I guess, it’s apparently not working which could mean I made it wrong. That’s unlikely. You could also be aromantic and just have not bothered to inform me, that’s a bit more possible. There is still the possibility of you having some kind of charm or amulet or something to stop potions from working.”

“You really are dense.” Makishima’s voice jolted him out of his musings and Toudou realized they’d already gotten to Makishima’s shop. Makishima opened the door and stepped inside. “Goodnight Toudou.”

“What do you mean I’m dense?” Without thinking Toudou reached out and caught the door. He barely even noticed how easy it was to stop Makishima from closing it. “Those are the most likely possibilities. Except me making the potion wrong, I’ve been making potions since I was a child-”

“I told you I’m not spelling it out for you.” Makishima shook his head. If Toudou didn’t know better he would have thought Makishima looked almost sad, or possibly disappointed. “I’ve never been much good with words anyway.”

“See this is exactly why you’re so annoying! You think you’re bad at things so most of the time you don’t even bother trying!” Toudou glared at him and stepped back. He turned around and took a few steps in the direction of his own shop, which was why he didn’t notice that when the door shut Makishima wasn’t inside the building but rather standing on his own porch looking torn. 

“You could have just asked.” Makishima’s voice was so quiet that Toudou almost mistaked it for the wind at first. He stopped but didn’t turn to face Makishima again. He didn’t want Makishima to see the angry tears that were forming in the corners of his eyes. “You didn’t need to keep trying to trick me.”

“Asked what?” Toudou’s voice was even quieter than Makishima’s and he congratulated himself on not sounding emotional. 

“If I liked you.” This time Makishima’s voice was so close behind Toudou he twitched, though he still refused to turn around. “Without slipping me a potion first. Did you really think I wouldn’t know the difference between my own feelings and the effects of a potion?”

“What feelings? You’re always this slightly annoyed and basically emotionless irritating-”

“Then you’re not paying attention.” Makishima’s hand on his shoulder was gentle but Toudou allowed himself to be turned around anyway. Now that he was so close and facing Makishima it was hard to miss the way his whole face seemed softer when he looked at Toudou. 

Toudou