. He just knew. That person felt familiar, too, and he couldn't explain why. Arfour was getting annoyed asking, though the droid had apparently set a cycle to do so at intervals three times a day. Sam was running out of witty retorts. Mostly, he just wanted to be right. Being untrained and having a gift that he largely used to anticipate things his astromechs and pilots would have to deal with and in shady trade negotiations made trying to find a specific person a pain in the ass. It took weeks of combing around, following the flare and fade, before Sam got closer, and followed the feeling like the beacon of a torch in the dark.

When he got to the little habitable moon, Sam noticed first that it felt abandoned. There were other creatures on it, sure, but mostly they were plants, with some creatures in the ocean but nothing that seemed sentient on the surface. The few scant buildings Sam managed to find looked like someone had tried to create a colony there once, and then given up because the location, while beautiful and capable of sustaining sentient life, wasn't profitable or convenient.

It was the kind of hidey-hole Sam was always looking for, minus the ebb and flow of negative emotion. When Arfour brought Redwing down to hover over the not quite crumbled buildings, Sam reflected that they might have had the same rich vacationer's purpose as his ship.

Then a slight, tow-headed man in thick robes that would keep out the breeze came and stood in the doorway, gesturing angrily at the sky, and Sam swore, startled. In less than half an hour, Arfour had landed Redwing, and before Sam could even fully disembark, the blond came pelting across the grassy hill and slammed into him at full speed.

"I thought you'd never get here," Steve growled, interrupting the hug to punch Sam lightly in the back, right over his kidney. "I kept trying to get you to come down."

"How did you know it was me?" Sam asked, trying not to laugh. "I can't be the only guy flying around out here, or you wouldn't be stuck."

"I was looking for you. You feel a certain way," Steve said, frowning when he pulled back to look up at Sam, though he didn't break the hug just yet. "You're always looking for something. I thought maybe it was me."

Sam felt a small pang of guilt, but didn't let it show on his face. "I didn't know to look for you, honestly. I thought you were scouting."

"I was," Steve said, and this time he broke away. "But apparently if you shoot your mouth off more times than your blaster, you get marooned and have to live off fish and whatever passes for the local rodents for a couple of months."

"Apparently," Sam said, biting the inside of his cheek to keep from grinning. "This place they left you in got a decent bed?"

"Do I look like I've been sleeping in a decent bed?" Steve demanded.

Sam sized up his posture. "Yeah, or your back would be killing you."

Steve huffed. "Okay, so the bed isn't terrible. I haven't frozen to death, either, the weather's pretty decent."

"Well, I came for a vacation," Sam said, slinging an arm around Steve's waist. "So how about you feed me, let me see if that bed's better than the one in my ship, and once I've had a chance to enjoy my vacation, I'll think about letting you ride back to civilization with me."

"Or we can just live here," Steve said, grinning up at Sam as they started to walk toward the habitat. "I do okay, for a city boy."

Sam laughed. "It's like that, huh?"

Steve pulled on Sam's shirt until he leaned down enough for a rough kiss.

"Yeah," Steve said, dipping behind Sam's back and shoving him forward when he was done. "It's like that."

Sam watched as Steve prepared a thick steak of some sort of heavy fish, wondering but knowing better than to ask how he’d managed to reel it in on his own.

“That smells really good,” Sam said instead, still hard-pressed not to laugh at the image of Steve, all sunburned ears and freckled nose, stuck on a backwater near-tropical moon, finding the patience to go fishing.

“I should hope so,” Steve said, sprinkling pink sea salt and some herb Sam couldn’t readily identify over the steak, then flipping it over and adding a squirt of juice from a small, orangey-pink fruit. “I’ve been eating this stuff for weeks.”

“You never cooked for me before,” Sam reminded him, resting his forearms on the edge of the table and letting the grin take over his face. “Didn’