“It’s Dean I’m in love with.”

“And yet he left you here,” Lucifer pokes with a sly smile.

“He thinks me riding around in the back seat of the Impala might be problematic in some quarters,” Castiel defends. “He mentioned something about people expecting just the brothers.” He smiles back at his brother then. “It’s not of import. I’ve seen how he looks at me. Everybody has. He constantly enters my…” He searches for the term. “My personal space bubble. And he kept my trenchcoat. Before they left, Sam told me he switched it from car to car, and that he even slept with it a few times.”

Lucifer rolls his vessel’s pale blue eyes. “Seriously? I think I may throw up in my mouth,” he jeers, contorting his jaw into a vague and clumsy version of the gagging motion Castiel learned from Dean.

“Less tongue next time,” Castiel reminds him. “It’s a delicate maneuver.”

Ignoring him, Lucifer backtracks. “Anyway, Meg. She and I were close, but it all fell apart when she found out I was planning to burn her kind after I won the Apocalypse.”

Nodding, Castiel says, “Yes, I can see how your plans for demon carnage wouldn’t benefit that working relationship.”

Lucifer leans in confidentially. “And honestly, I’ve never quite forgiven her for being such an easy touch back in Carthage. That was damned stealthy of you, Cas.”

Castiel allows himself to preen modestly. “Warrior of God,” he supplies. “And a badass, according to Dean. And, D-4.”

Lucifer gazes at his paper grid, glowers up at Castiel. “That was my last aircraft carrier.” He snorts, stabs a finger at Castiel. “And be badass. Look at her… she’s Nurse Ratched.”

“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel says.

Lucifer whistles in an annoyed way at that, leans back in his chair, and stares belligerently at the demon as she makes her way over towards them.

She’s carrying a package that she drops on the table in front of Castiel, and she runs a deadly looking curved scarlet talon over it, caressing the paper. “It’s another one from your boyfriend.”

Lucifer is entranced by her fingernail, catches Castiel’s eyes and winces. “How can she get anything done with those? How can she type? Pick her nose? I hope she doesn’t wear contacts.”

Castiel disregards his brother’s rambling, eases the package out from under Meg’s hand carefully, tears the paper neatly. It’s fabric, smooth, gray, and it smells of Dean, Dean, Dean. He shakes it out, one of Dean’s tees, faded and worn, the legend on the front – the name of what he thinks might be a rock band – peeling and scarred.

“What a shame Led Zep tees aren’t hospital issue,” Meg snipes, and she’s already closing her fingers around the material and starting to yank it away. “It’s vintage. It’ll fit me fine.”

In a split-second of thought, Castiel is wearing the tee, feeling it softer on his skin than the stiff brand-new white cotton shirt he was given when he was admitted.

“Take that off,” Meg orders viciously.

The air goes thick, and Castiel glances to where his brother sits, expectant and wide-eyed. When Castiel doesn’t speak, Lucifer kicks him under the table.

“Your nails don’t look very hygienic,” Castiel observes.

It’s the first time he has said more than a single word to the demon, and her lips pull thin in a way that Castiel finds quite satisfying.

“Must you wear that shade of red?” he continues placidly. “It looks like you just tore a small animal apart with your bare hands. I’m sure the other inmates don’t appreciate it.”

As her eyes flare black and her fingernail heads straight for his eye, Castiel whips up a hand and snaps his fingers closed around her wrist.

“I wouldn’t,” he advises. “In fact, I’d go as far as strongly recommending that you don’t.” And then he engages the sprinkler system, blocks all of the toilets simultaneously, and pops every lightbulb in the entire building.






Outside, in the melee of evacuated patients, Castiel drifts away and around the side of the building. It’s the first time he has been outside, and he has been admiring the potential of the scrubland underneath his window since day two. It’s a barren patch of mud and a few lonely hummocks of grass, with some shabby looking benches placed haphazardly about its perimeter when he arrives; but a handwave later, it’s green and blooming with brightly colored life, a fountain bubbling merrily at its center.

“Is this what counts for badass nowadays?” Lucifer snorts, as he pads up behind Castiel. “I