” he says, reaching for the hem of Liam’s joggers and yanking them down. Liam doesn’t have any pants underneath them. The sight of Liam makes Zayn groan, leaning in to suck at Liam’s inner thigh. “Y’so fit babe, I get hard just looking at you love.” Zayn rubs a hand against himself, giving himself some relief. 

Liam moans under his breath, hands gripping the counter top behind him as Zayn runs his palms up the back of Liam’s thighs. “Turn around babe, wanna eat you out.”

Liam nods and spins around so fast Zayn’s not even sure how it happened. He’s bent over on the counter, arse propped in the air, perfect level for Zayn to sink his teeth into Liam’s cheeks. 

Liam bites a groan into his knuckles as Zayn’s hot breath fans over his hole. “Mmm, babe. You’re so pretty Liam. Fuck.”

Zayn flattens his tongue and drags it over Liam’s hole. Once, twice, and again before he pulls back and spreads Liam’s cheeks furthur and dives back in. 

His face is pressed tight against Liam, nose to Liam’s back. His tongue flicking over the rim, teasing, not quite pushing in until Liam reaches back and fists a hand in Zayn’s hair pushing him impossibly close. 

Zayn gasps a breath and then points his tongue, finally breaching the fluttering muscle. Liam sighs, dropping his head onto the counter, his prick pressing into the wood. He’s flushed and hard and panting as Zayn works him over. 

The noises are making Liam even harder, slicking out precome against their kitchen drawers as he grinds his hips back against Zayn’s face. 

With one loud last slurp, Zayn grabs Liam’s calves and turns him around. His face level with Liam’s dick.  

“Oh babe, baby, y’so hard and wet for me yeah? You like it when I lick you out don’t you?” Zayn fists his hand around the base of Liam’s cock, squeezing. “Answer me.”

“Yeah, yes Zayn. So good.”

Zayn hums, content and then leans forward, kitten licking the tip of Liam’s cock. Slurping messily around the head, tapping it on his tongue a few times before moving down. 

Liam’s eyes roll back in his head while Zayn chokes himself a couple times, throat fluttering around Liam. Then moving back and meeting his hand with his mouth down the shaft. 

Liam’s hurdling toward the edge as Zayn bobs his head. Liam’s close and he squeezes his fingers tighter in Zayn’s hair, a warning. A hand comes up to fondle his balls and that’s it. 

He spills into Zayn’s mouth, Zayn moaning at the warm flavor filling him. He swallows and bobs a little more, ‘til Liam whimpers. As soon as he pulls off Liam hoists him up, hand diving into Zayn’s pants as he shoves his tongue into his mouth. Zayn groans as Liam tastes himself and he’s so hard that it only takes a few tugs before Zayn’s shuddering into Liam’s body, holding him close. 

They stand there for a while, both sweaty and spent as Liam smacks a kiss to the side of Zayn’s head. 

“Babe, I think I got some flour in your hair.” Liam chuckles as he brushes some white dust off of Zayn’s head. 

Zayn snuffles into Liam’s neck. “S’alright. It was worth it.” 

Liam beams at him, gripping his hips and pulling him even closer. 

“And, I was right by the way.” 

Liam quirks his brow, wondering.

Zayn bites at Liam’s lobe and whispers “You do taste better.”



///


December 24th


His husband is causing an earthquake really, jumping up and down on their bed bundled up in his winter coat, gloves, scarf, everything. He looks like a little kid whose mom over-dressed him for his walk to school. His eyes are crinkled, his cheeks are bunched up, and he's honest to god giggling as he makes Zayn flop all over the bed. 

“Liam” he grumbles “S’too early.” Zayn rolls over, not easily with how he’s bouncing, and buries his head in the pillows. 

“But Zayn, it snowed last night and there’s so much of it! We have to go make a snowman.” Liam whines.

“No, s’cold. I hate snow.”

“Pleeeeease.” Liam says, begging.

Zayn cracks his eyes open again, looking at his husband through slits. That’s his first mistake because he can never resist his pouty face. Those pink lips all pushed up and luscious. 

Zayn starts slowly shaking his head “Fine.”

Liam plops down onto the bed to peck Zayn on the lips. "Great, I'll meet you out there."

--

By the time Zayn makes it outside he’s actually pretty awake. But he’