you ever heard of the Make a Wish Foundation? Its for kids with an incurable disease. They are able to make a wish and go anywhere in the world they want. What if we do that?” Turning back to Cas you ask “Where have you always wanted to visit? Lets go there!” “You forget that i am very old and have been guarding the Earth for many millennia. I have been everywhere and seen everything.” Cas tells you calmly.“Yes, but in all of the time that you have been on Earth, what is something you saw people doing and thought you might like it?”Cas thinks quietly. “The Eiffel Tower.” He states with determination. “I have always thought it was the most beautiful and romantic place.”“Well, then to Paris we will go!” You excitedly say.Sam looks a little concerned. “One thing Holly, where are we gonna get the money?”“Well, I could get a second job. Just for a little while. Let me stay here in the hotel with Cas and watch over him while you two go and hunt monsters.” you suggest. “Exactly what skills do you have?” Sam asks. “Um, I can dance?” You say, questioning your own abilities. “Hey, strippers dance!” Dean yells, breaking his silence.“Crowley totally owes you a favor too, you know, almost killing you.” Sam adds.A stripper, you think. You could do that. Especially if it will help Cas.“Well, ok then.” you say with confidence. “I guess I will become a stripper.” Looking over at Castiel who is still holding your hand you ask, “Is this okay with you? People usually tip pretty well. We should be able to afford a plane ticket in about two weeks.”He smiles slightly at you and nods his head. “It’s fine.” He brightens a bit. “Just think, we will be in Paris two weeks from now!” You smile at him but inside your stomach is churning. What will his condition be in two weeks? Will he hold on that long? You realize that you have to be strong, strong for him. If you start to lose it, he will follow in suit and his deterioration will be that much quicker.“I better get that job then. Pack it up boys, we are driving to Atlanta.”					~~Normally when the group drives together somewhere, Dean plays his classic rock and Sam is on his phone looking for more possible cases in the area but today with Cas’s grace, the Impala was covered in a shroud of silent fog. No music, no talking, just the hum of the engine. Every once in a while you would look over at Cas, just to see how he was doing. He never changed. Being an angel meant he could stay as still as stone for endless hours, never moving, barely even breathing but now, although he still doesn't move, his breathing is raspy and occasionally he will cough. You grab his hand and hold it in your lap. He can sense you every time you look at him and he gives your hand a small squeeze. With the lull of the road and the silence, you drift in and out of sleep often. Somewhere around Louisiana, the car stops and jolts Cas awake, his face clammy with sweat. Sam turns around to look at you. “We’re stopping for the night.” he says. “What do you want to eat?”You look over at Cas who is staring out the window. “Um anything is fine.” you answer without looking at Sam. “Cas? What about you?” Sam says turning to the angel. “A burger.” He says with a scratchy voice. “A burger it is.” Sam turns around and motions to Dean to keep driving until they find a burger joint. Dean pulls to park in front of a little red building. It has graffiti on one of the walls and the ‘O’ in the neon OPEN sign is flickering on and off, mostly just saying PEN. You get out of your door and walk around the side of the car to help Castiel get out. Slowly, you make your way towards the door and open it, triggering a little bell to go off overhead.This place looks like it is straight out of the fifties. Betty Boop and other iconic figures line the walls. Coca Cola products are scattered around everywhere. The Lady behind the cash register looks up, her full red curls framing her face. He is older, probably closing in on 60 and plump, probably from eating here at this grease bowl. She smiles at you and welcomes you to “Al’s Eatatorium.” Dean looks excited, I take it that he has never been to an “Eatatorium” before. She guides us to a booth near the window. There are only two other people in here; an old man with a bandana around his head who looks like he might be a biker. The other is a middle aged woman sitting on one of the bar stools with a glass of bourbon on