.

Looking over the flat surface, across the breakfast bar counters, he sees Harry laying on the linen navy blue couch with a hand in between his legs, two fingers already swallowed within his rim. Zayn stomps over, with heavy steps to Harry, getting in between his legs and tugging Harry's hand away from his heat, "I said undress not prep yourself."

Harry whines with a nod, biting his lip while raising his hands above his head. Zayn doe not want to think about it, no he fucking doesn't, but he considers that Harry and Rodger have some kinky shit going on due to Harry's brisk submissiveness at Zayn's words. Originally he was only joking with Harry but he saw the neediness and obedience in Harry's facial expression, making him think otherwise.

Zayn tears off his shirt and throws it behind him. He lays on the long shape of the couch where Harry is sprawled out and spreads Harry's legs apart further. He's glad that they've got an L shaped couch in their tiny living room, but also finding this disgusting that Harry decided it would be best to fuck in the living room ─ one in which the twins share. Everything is all fucked up, especially Zayn's mind, but again, he doesn't care right now. Not with Harry looking desperate, with a hard on and a puckering hole.

Running a hand up and down Harry's milky flesh of his inner thoughts, Zayn dismisses the discomfort of his elbows propping his body weight. If this is all he's got, he's got a motive to make tonight special and rememberable for the both of them. Wanting to touch every aspect of pleasure possible, with every way there is out there.

He dips his head low to where his tongue teases the crown of Harry's cock, only kitten licking it to the point where Harry's squirming, his hands still above his head. Zayn likes to see Harry like this, but still feels a little tingle in his heart, not in the good way. He ends up telling Harry, "You can put you hands down, you know?"

Harry's face contorts to something that describes confusion, but his hands still slowly drop down to his sides anyways. Zayn flashes him a smile before letting his tongue roam from his tip down to his perineum, settling at his rim. He sees a glint of Harry's lips parting, soon making the sound of a gasp when Zayn's got his tongue inside him and thumb rubbing around it as well.

Mantras of the single word, "yes," repeat from Harry's lips when Zayn's making it a consistent pattern of thrusting several several fingers into him and using his tongue to flick on the outer skin of his hole. Harry's legs start to close around him, making Zayn want to pull away because if he knows anything (not really that much because he's only given a rim job once and that was for experimenting) it's that Harry's probably close.

Before Harry could lock Zayn in place, Zayn's sitting up now, on his knees still in between Harry with two hands still soothing Harry's thighs. "How do you want this?" He asks, fumbling with his belt buckle with his nimble fingers. He leaves for a second to the bathroom where he's sure there are certain things below the sink cabinet (he doesn't like to have lube or conforms in his bedroom because he personally thinks that stuff belongs somewhere more sanitary).

Inside the open concept family room where there's just a coffee table, their tiny television and the couch with yellow abstract pillows, he sees Harry right where he left him seconds ago. But this time Harry's on his stomach with his ass up. As much as Zayn told Harry that he could choose the position, he was really hoping that he could fuck Harry while looking at him fall apart.

Zayn really can't get everything, he wants so he settles with Harry all fours and strips down completely, latex-covered cock in hand with an excessive amount of lube. He's applying some of the dripping residue onto Harry's rim before slotting the crown of his cock between Harry's cleft.

"Come on, babe." Harry whines, grinding back so that his ass hits against Zayn's thighs. His rocking motion comes to a halt when Zayn's putting two hands on his hips, cock resting on Harry's lower back.

"Give me a second." Zayn pumps himself a few times before getting his thumb around the top side of his cock and sliding into Harry gently. Harry is warm around him, and despite him penetrating into him easily, Harry is also so tight still. He pulls out halfway, just to thrust into Harry hard because most of his sensation is around his tip, personally.

The way Harry's body snaps forward, needy whimpers escaping Harry's lips from Zayn's hasty half thrusts is enough for him to start a consistent movement, accelerating his