then at the containers of food, then back at Baekhyun again. “Which one do you like?” he asks.

“What?”

“I’m not picky,” says Kyungsoo, “so you should take whichever one you like best and I’ll choose from the ones that are left after that.”

“But they’re all for you,” says Baekhyun, nonplussed.

“So I can do whatever I want with them, right?”

Baekhyun nods.

“Then I’m giving one to you,” Kyungsoo says with a smile. “Don’t be an idiot.”

Dinner that night consists mostly of Baekhyun trying not to stare too blatantly at Kyungsoo, who keeps pushing his hair away every time it falls back in his face. He keeps noticing weird things, like how Kyungsoo’s lips are kind of pretty, and his voice sounds really nice when he smiles, and the features that Baekhyun previously took for granted are all actually really strong and lovely and… not cute at all, really. No wonder the other people in his life don’t call him that. God.  Fuck.

Baekhyun reminds himself, repeatedly, that Kyungsoo is probably definitely straight, and he really doesn’t want a repeat of what happened with Yixing. He’s better off pretending tonight never happened and just going back to thinking of Kyungsoo as a tiny and unspectacular little owl boy. He’ll forget all about his lingering thoughts on Kyungsoo’s mouth. Maybe. He hopes.

God, it really would’ve been better if Kyungsoo just murdered him.

 

—

 

Baekhyun’s plan for being less terrible to live with consists of two primary goals: 1) Stop doing things that make Kyungsoo’s life difficult, and 2) do more things to help Kyungsoo out. The second one seems fairly easy to figure out, since Kyungsoo has made it perfectly clear that he’s tired of doing all the cooking and cleaning.

The first one, though, is made more complicated by the fact that Baekhyun is just a deeply flawed person. He can’t fix his personality and ingrained habits overnight. But he  can  try to clean up a little around the apartment while Kyungsoo’s gone, so that’s what he’s going to do. He’ll be a good, responsible roommate, and Kyungsoo will be endlessly impressed with the new and improved Baekhyun and fall in love with—

“Don’t be stupid,” he mutters to himself.

He decides to start with the bathroom to get it over with. He looks up some tips online, then calls his mom for advice (“Are you feeling okay? You never do any serious cleaning,” she says), then consults the internet again. Once he feels sufficiently prepared, he puts on music, pulls his gloves and mask on, and gets to work.

It’s less traumatic than he expected—no terrifying mold anywhere, no spider webs in the corners. It was probably worse before Kyungsoo moved in, he thinks. He scrubs down the bathtub with diluted bleach, dancing and humming to his SNSD playlist, then rinses it out and moves on to the tiled floor. It’s giving his arms and shoulders a workout, at least, but his knees definitely won’t thank him for this.

After that, he tackles the sink, the counter, the medicine cabinet. He’s moving his hips to “Run Devil Run” and moving toiletries around to wipe under them when he feels his elbow hit something. There’s a clattering sound, followed by a splash. He turns slowly to look down at the still-dirty toilet in horror.

Kyungsoo’s toothbrush.

Floating in the toilet bowl.

All Baekhyun can do is gape, frozen in place and shocked into silence. This, he thinks, is the worst thing that could possibly have happened. He knocked Kyungsoo’s fucking toothbrush into the fucking toilet. He’s the clumsiest person on the planet, and he’s going to burn in hell for his crimes.

He tries to shake it off. “I’ll buy him a new one,” he says. “It’s fine. It’s all okay.”

Feeling disheartened, he cleans the rest of the bathroom gloomily. By the time he finishes he has a little over an hour until Kyungsoo’s supposed to get home. He considers just stopping there and admitting defeat. But no—he can’t give up now, after one minor (terrible, catastrophic) accident. If anything, he should try even harder to make up for what he did.

Which is how he ends up dropping a glass on the kitchen floor and watching it shatter into a million tiny, dangerous fragments.

He’s so distressed at this point and so wholly annoyed with himself that his hands shake as he tries to pick up the pieces of glass to throw them away. He needs to grab a broom, he thinks, or a brush of some kind or—something. He doesn’t entirely know what to do now. He’s failed at pretty much everything at this point.

When Kyungsoo gets