teacher was sitting, just in time to catch the next name.

“Keith Kogane?”

Lance felt a flash of sadness and nostalgia wash through him to hear a teacher say Keith’s name. Their regular teachers had stopped calling him a few weeks in, and to hear someone say it after so long just felt weird. He braced himself for silence.

“Here sir,” Came instead.

Lance’s head whipped around to face the voice so fast he was surprised there was no whiplash. There was a collective sound of movement as most of the class did so too.

But there, in the usually empty seat, sat Keith Kogane, looking like his usual broody self in his red cropped jacked, arms folded, looking for all the world that he had not missed 2 whole months of school.

The teacher, unknowing of the effects that one response had caused, called out the next name.

“Daniel Lancaster?”

“…”

“Daniel?”

“Here, sir.”

Lance had forgotten how Iteration worked by the time he looked away from Keith.

And for once, he found, he didn’t particularly care.-------------

“He’s back!” He hissed to Hunk and Pidge when he saw them next, at break.

Pidge seemed uninterested, focused intently on her phone screen, but let out a noncommittal hum to try and appease Lance.

Hunk, on the other hand, raised an eyebrow. “Who are we talking about again? And, hi, buddy, too.”

“Keith Kogane. Who has not come to school for 2 fucking months, just turned up in maths like he’s never left.”

At this Pidge looked up in interest, turning off her phone to listen to what Lance had to say. Hunk also seemed curious, gesturing with his hands for Lance to continue.

“I don’t know, Hunk. Literally, we had a sub today, so he didn’t know about Keith, and he calls Keith’s name and y’know, I’m just expecting silence like always, but he’s just like, ‘Here, sir’ in his usual emo voice and doesn’t offer an explanation of anything! In fact, he didn’t even say anything the whole lesson, even when I kept trying to grab his attention. Most of the time he at least tells me to go away.”

Hunk frowned at this, and Pidge seemed deep in thought.

“Ya think he just took 2 months off ‘cause he wanted too?” Hunk inquired.

Lance shrugged. “I don’t know, man. Maybe. Probably. Nothing’s different, he just hasn’t been here for a couple of months. Maybe he just didn’t want to go to school, I don’t know.”

Hunk hummed slightly. “Yeah. Wouldn’t he get into trouble?”

“I don’t know. Probably. Who knows, buddy.” Lance said helplessly.

Pidge spoke up with a, what Lance had dubbed, ‘thinking face’. 

“I don’t think that’s it.” She told the pair. 

“Well, what do you think happened?”

“I’m just as clueless as you guys, as much as I hate to admit it, but I don’t think Keith is the type to do that.”

Lance snorted, which caused Pidge to look at him in disapproval.

“How d’ya figure that one out, Pidge?” Hunk asked in curiosity.

“I’m good at body language. Trust me on that one.” She told him, confidence strong in her voice.

“I guess…” Lance mumbled, before perking up slightly.“Have either of you two got lessons with him today?”

They both looked at their timetables, before Hunk shook his head and Pidge nodded.

“I’ve got nothin’ today, Lance.” 

“I’ve got English Lit with him, period 4. I’ll have a look then.”

“Yeah. I have Bio and French with him today.”

“I forgot you did French,” Hunk admitted.

“I couldn’t exactly do Spanish. I’m fluent, mi amigo. German is hell to pronounce and hey, what’s left? French, mon ami,”

“German’s not that bad,” Pidge spoke up, a smirk sitting lightly on her lips, “Mein Freund,”

“A’a uo, don’t try and out-language me,” Hunk added, smirking alongside Pidge.

“Why would I ever try that, soy claramente mejor, mi amigo.”

“That is where you are wrong, ich bin derjenige, der besser ist, mein freund”

“Nope, ou te sili.” Hunk said with a smile, before adding a half-hearted, “A’a uo,” Afterwards.

The trio shared a glance before letting out a loud round of laughter, before the bell broke their light-hearted conversation.

Lance gave the pair a half-hearted salute before grabbing his things. “Wish me look, mis amigos.”

“Viel Gluck.” Pidge laughed after him, pocketing her phone.