tugs until he’s hard in Simon’s hand.



Simon’s fist moves fast on Raphael. And 

oh

, okay, 

that’s

 what’s happening. Surprised at the sensation, Raphael loses his balance. His elbows buckle, knocking him down flat against Simon. Simon removes his squished hand from between them, “This is okay. I can still work with this. Just get off me for one sec.”



Raphael lifts himself off of Simon, trembling at the exertion. Simon works quick, removing both of their boxers completely and yanking Raphael back down on top of him. Lining their hips up, he thrusts into Raphael’s groin in one long, fluid motion. Raphael gasps, head dropping to rest on Simon’s shoulder. He ragdolls, letting Simon take control, quickening their pace.




It’s not a long experience, being Raphael’s first time doing 

anything

. He eagerly succumbs to the sweet torture of the barely there friction, spilling onto the base of Simon’s stomach. Simon keeps it up, rocking into Raphael, and Raphael hisses as shocks of overstimulation are sent through his thighs and stomach. Simon’s motions finally stutter, then stop, as he comes between them.




After cleaning themselves up, Simon and Raphael cuddle. Simon’s on his back, Raphael curled up to his side.



“I love you,” Simon says, petting Raphael’s hair.



“You already said that.”



“Mhm, I just wanted to remind you,” Simon says, humming and shutting his eyes.



“I love you, too,” Raphael promises. His own eyes drift shut, comforted by the ministrations of Simon’s hand in his hair.


 

 

Camille’s dainty hand waves Clary off but her eyes are locked on the way Simon is gripping at Raphael’s neck with his fangs. Biting, lapping, biting, lapping. Bite. Bleed. Drink. Raphael’s head is thrown back, neck bared, eyes snapping open and drooping closed with each new bite. She walks around the back of the couch, coming to sit beside Simon to kiss at his shoulder.

“Now, now,” Simon starts, taking his mouth from Raphael’s throat to face Camille. He grasps the back of her head, sharp fingernails digging into her scalp. She sighs, eyes drifting shut at the pinpricks of pain stabbing the back of her head, “You’ll get your turn, princess. Be patient.”

The title is from "Blank Space" by Taylor Swift.

Warnings: Mind control, mental illness, death, and violence. Nothing is graphic, most of it is implied/referenced/discussed.

This is a sequel to "i'm sorry, the old simon can't come to the phone ('cause he's dead)."

Clary believes, for many months, that she has let go of her old life. She thinks she’s moved on; accepted her place as a shadowhunter and Simon’s place as a clan leader. But here she is at Hotel Dumort, having a showdown with Camille in the middle of the lounge.

“You promised he’d be the same Simon!”

“I did.”

“He’s  not ,” Clary huffs. She’d like to believe she’s the picture of righteous indignation right now but she knows she must look like a child throwing a tantrum, left heel stomping on the floor and fists thrown downward.

“‘This is who I was all along.’ Remember?”

“That’s bullshit! I know him.”

“ Knew  him. Know nothing about him, now. Do you, darling?”

Simon struts into the lounge, tugging an almost naked Raphael along by a chain leash. Clary snaps her mouth shut in a tight lipped frown, eyes glazing over with disgust. She still hasn’t gotten used to seeing  this .

Raphael waits obediently as Simon sits on his favorite satin fainting couch. He makes a lengthy show of unbuttoning his suit jacket, removing it, folding it, and depositing it in a neat pile onto the cushion beside him. He rolls the sleeves of his silk dress shirt up to his elbows, spreads his legs, and yanks Raphael into his lap.

Raphael shifts in Simon’s lap, adjusting until his weight is balanced evenly over Simon’s thighs, and Simon hisses until the movement ceases.

“What’s the problem?” Simon asks. He looks over Raphael’s shoulder at Camille. Despite his mediator tone and indifferent expression, his eyes send a sharp warning Camille’s way. Simon’s dominating demeanor sends a chill through Clary.

“The shadowhunter can’t keep her word,” Camille coos, tone deceitful in its kindness. She creeps toward Simon, hips switching, and comes to stand behind him with her hands grasping his shoulders. She leans down, lips brushing against his ear, “She can’t let go of the old you.”

“Oh, Clary,” Simon says, tisking, “I thought when you stopped spying on me, things were going to change.”

“It’s a process,” Clary says.