come back for me?"



Castiel's voice is still laced with suspicion. "You called me by my name."



Nodding slowly, Dean goads just a little. "That the only reason? Only I thought maybe you recognized me." He jerks his head in the approximate direction they came from. "Back there, when you first saw me." 

 

At last there's a more promising reaction, as Castiel's shoulders relax a little. He cocks his head and answers, "There is something familiar about you." 



His hackles are lowered, and it's a concession, but it's said in a flat, emotionless way that doesn't raise Dean's hopes much, and the gap he can feel between them stays unbridgeable as Castiel stabs the point of his sword in Dean's direction.



"You carry the taint of the underworld," the angel goes on, just as icy. "But you aren't a demon." 



Castiel reaches up with his other hand to unhook the chinstrap of his helmet as he speaks, and finally pulls off the domed metal headgear. And Dean's chest squeezes tight with pleasure at the same time he puffs out a sharp, painful gasp, and it zips through his mind, Cas, what the fuck did you do?, because it's Castiel, but somehow, some way, it isn't, and Dean knows it without a shadow of a doubt.








The angel's face is tanned nut-brown, his eyes blazing out jewel-bright from under a shaggy, coal-black mop of curls longer than Dean has ever seen him wear. He looks at Dean with a regard that suggests interest but no recognition at all, even as his features fall into the same quizzical half-frown Cas wears when he's trying to keep up with Dean. The expression chews its way right into Dean's heart and pounds through his veins as he realizes there is only one possible explanation, even though he can't quite wrap his brain around the complexities of it. 



He doesn't try to figure out what went wrong with the mojo, plays for time instead; and he does it damned carefully, because if he's right then he hasn't even met Castiel yet. "I was down there," he acknowledges, keeping his sword out in front of him and watching his friend like a hawk as he pushes himself back upright. "In Hell. For forty years."



"Impossible," Castiel raps back, a distinctly serrated edge to his voice now. "Hades is… disinclined to permit his subjects their leave." 



He half-turns and starts to circle Dean as he speaks, and Dean matches his stride, taking his measure just like he knows Castiel is doing to him. "One does not simply walk out of Hell," he agrees, disguising his anxiety with a note of flippancy he hopes might disarm his friend again. "But I didn't just walk out, I was pulled out. By an angel of the Lord. You. You fell from grace for me." 



In that instant, Castiel's poise drains away. His eyes widen, eyebrows rising so that his brow corrugates, and it makes Dean's heart leap with a second's forlorn hope that dies when his friend's face falls blank and unreadable again.



Dean zeroes in on the next lunge fractionally before Castiel flies at him because he can see it telegraphed in the way the angel rises up onto the balls of his feet. There is no time for protest, Dean sidesteps adroitly as he is rushed, sweeping his blade up to clang musically against Castiel's and twisting it in mid-air to deflect the cross-strike he knows will follow because he knows Castiel, has fenced with him so often in the last few weeks that he can predict every strike and think around every offensive strategy. As the angel skids to a halt and whips around, Dean is already pivoting and bending at the knees, launching himself up into the air by three feet or more to leap over the downward swish that targets his lower legs, and he's on the move the second he lands, backing away. He raises a placating hand as he goes, tries again to appeal to the connection that might keep him alive long enough for his own Castiel to reach back through the centuries and pull him out of this debacle.



 "Cas, listen to me. It was you who pulled me out, you who—" 



"You lie."


The trace of a faint, wintry smile flits across Castiel's lips, but his eyes smolder hostility as he prowls towards Dean again. "I am malak, I can't fall," he declares. "Malakim don't fall. That is immutable. Lucifer promised whole dominions to any demon who seduced a malak to fall… we can't be tempted, it isn't possible. We are steadfast, even if the Lightbringer was not."


Castiel's voice goes up a little at the end of his sentence, another tell, and Dean knows he will lunge and jab again now,