a good idea." Harry said, pulling out his wallet.

"I'll face Niall, and you and Zayn will face. Who ever wins will face each other to see who gets to go first. Okay?" Harry said, and everyone nodded.

Flipping the coin, Niall instantly called heads. Once it landed on the table, everyone sitting at their table looked at the coin.

"Yes, it's heads!" Niall cheered, which caused Harry to roll his eyes.

"Okay, let's see who wins between Louis and Zayn." Harry said, trying to stop Niall from bragging.

Zayn called tails, and Louis called heads. Flipping the coin, they all watched it fall on the table. Leaning in to see, they all saw that it had again landed on heads. Zayn shrugged, and Louis smirked.

"I'll go with heads," Louis said with a devious smile on his face.

"Tails for me, I guess." Niall shrugged, and that's when Harry flipped the coin into the air. Once it landed on the table, everyone looked at it like before. Niall was the first one to look, and he had a huge smile on his face.

"Looks like I'm going first." Niall smirked, and Liam smiled at him. She was excited for this, and so were the boys.

++++

Once back at their beach house, Liam and Niall both went to her room. She knew this was going to be the best thing ever, and she couldn't thank the boys enough.

"Liam, you're so sexy," Niall smirked, and Liam couldn't help but blush. She never got compliments from anyone like that, and for Niall to say it? It took her breath away. He knew it too, and he wasn't going to let the opportunity pass him by.

"Niall, I want you to fu--" Liam was saying before Niall cut her off with a deep kiss.

"Mm, your lips taste like red wine, baby." Niall commented with a smirk as Liam blushed. She really wanted to suck Niall, but wasn't sure how to ask. Figuring that it will come on its own, Liam allowed Niall to get on top of her.

Grinding into her, Niall couldn't stop smiling at Liam. To him, she was the most prettiest girl in the world. He wanted to make love to her, and that made him different than his band mates. They were rough in bed, and how he knew this? He could hear them fucking random guys and girls from time to time. He wasn't into rough sex, and he didn't want to hurt Liam.

"Fuck, that feels--" Niall cut her off again, but this time, he finished her statement.

"Feels good?" he asked her with a moan, picking up his pace.

"Y-yes," she moaned as he stopped his movements. Stopping only to pull up her shirt, Niall smirked as he saw her black and pink laced bra.

"So beautiful, Liam," Niall breathed, causing her to smile.

"Thank you, Niall. I have the matching panties on," she winked, and Niall licked his lips.

"I'll get to them in a minute, baby. I wanna take my time," Niall responded to her whimpers.

"Okay, Niall." she said with a smile. Reaching both arms around her, Niall skillfully undid her bra. Causing her large breasts to spill out.

Dipping his head down, he stuck out his tongue, and licked her left nipple. He noticed that they were already getting hard, and he liked that.

"Mm, your nipples are already hard for me, huh?" Niall teased, and Liam bit her bottom lip.

"Yes, sir." she winked, and he began to lick her right nipple to get it as hard as the left.

"Mm, I like being called 'sir', baby." Niall said, kissing down her chest, to her naval.

Pulling at her shorts, Niall saw that she was in fact, wearing matching panties. Slowly slipping them down her long, beautiful legs, and off of her body, Niall gently set them aside. Liam admired his gentleness, and she knew that this was going to be fun.

"Niall, I want to suck you. Get you h-hard!" she gasped as the pad of his right thumb came crashing down onto her clit.

"Yeah? Is that what you want, baby girl?" he moaned as his thumb sped up in slow, but hard circles.

"Yes, oh fuck yes," she moaned as he gave her clit one last rub.

Standing up off the bed, Niall smiled as he started to undo his jeans. "No, I got this, Niall." she stated, pushing his hands away from his zipper.

Slipping his jeans off, Niall refused to break eye contact with Liam. He wanted to stare into her beautiful eyes, and he was going to take every chance he got. Exposing