So they hate her maybe a little.  

Jug sees them most nights, some preppy rich kid from Central or Pembroke out to slum to pick up drugs or easy girls. Mostly he ignores them and they ignore the jacket. This one has something to prove. Pink Polo. He brushes by Jughead closely, shoulders jarring, says something. Maybe snake. Maybe scum. Piece of shit. Deadbeat. Waste of space. Loser. Weak fuck. Useless trash. He knows. He's heard them. He hears them every time he doesn't answer Betty's messages right away, every time he uses an excuse to get out of seeing her. 

Jughead turns around and slams Pink Polo's head into the metal railing of the fire escape. Leaves him groaning and holding handfuls of blood. This is the first fight. This is not the last. 

He's not sure exactly when he starts seeing Veronica around. She's wearing short skirts, high heels. Coming out of dark alleys, down shaky fire escapes, out of the back doors of trailers and the backseats of cars, wiping her mouth, pulling down her clothes. They pass each other with a polite nod, eerie, misplaced, him nursing bruised knuckles and her lipstick already smeared until one night there's no one else to fight or fuck so they end up doing a little of both. He loses his virginity in a rusted truck bed in an alley and afterward Veronica, acting on an instinct she can't fully explain, tucks her sodden panties into the front pocket of his jacket when he's not looking and leaves. 

He hasn't been watching for Betty on her night runs, but that's okay. It gives Archie something to do. Keep a lookout through the window while his best friend fucks his best girl in the dirt and rust. 

Jughead wanted blonde. He'd wanted gold and pink and white and candles and rose petals and affection and prom night and encouragement and hands stroking hair and ears and 

The next night, he puts on his jacket but just paces the garage. He can't see the way out. He can only see gold and pink and white and mistakes and he misses her and oh god I fucked up and maybe maybe maybe

So he climbs the ladder to her room and she is so thin. He can't tell till he kisses her, holds her close, strokes her side, takes her shirt off. She touches his jacket, traces the snake and looks at him with tremulous, beautiful eyes and it's gonna be okay and we're gonna be okay now and he shrugs out of his father's jacket and the panties fall out on the comforter. And it occurs to Jughead that maybe Veronica hates him a little too. 

And they haven't said it, the 'b' word, not for a while and maybe it was nothing because they hadn't said the 'l' word either, not directly to each other. Betty puts her shirt back on. Uses a tissue from the bedside table to pick up the underwear and offers it back to Jughead who puts it in his pocket and goes back down the ladder. 

And they're going to school, yeah, daytime is a lifetime away. They do homework. Go to pep rallies. Have milkshakes at Pop's. Jughead's gentle sarcasm has congealed into a thick ooze- Veronica's voice is shrill and hysterical. He calls her a rich little slut with a daddy complex. She calls him a pathetic trailer trash virgin. Betty digs her fingernails into her palms until there is so much blood you cannot miss it, it streams down her wrists to pool a little in the curve of her elbow. Archie tells her to stop, tells them to stop but his voice is weak from lack of sleep. Kevin's mouth is hard but his eyes are on the door. 

Jughead burns the jacket but the damage is done. All it does is leave a wet leather grease stain in the metal trashcan. The fumes from the paint make his lungs ache. He stops going out. 

It takes Jughead a few weeks to figure out what is going on. He comes upstairs from the garage- he basically lives in the garage- to find clean socks and sees the quick guilty flash of eyes from Archie- steal the last popsicle look, he calls it. His head turns and he sees it. Gold on pink on white. 

“She probably just wasn't paying attention when she changed,” Archie says, embarrassed. 

“Does it happen often?” Jughead asks. Archie doesn't answer. Jughead moves back up into Archie's room. He sees glimpses- lacy bras, boy cut underwear. A few of them he had glimpsed during intense make outs or heavy petting and his head swims from the change in perspective. Archie tries not to look when Jughead is there. He tries, but not hard. 

Jug sees her in the garden working with the weeds. The handle of the spade breaks in her hand. Betty sets it down coolly. Takes off her working gloves