shoulders, seemingly asleep – or rather, he had been asleep until Bokuto had yelled. Kuroo sighed a little and ran his hand through my hair. He looked at both nekos and frowned.  “Oikawa and Akaashi look hungry, that’s the only reason I’m letting you guys in. Keep it quiet, Tsukishima’s asleep and he really looks he needs it.” Kuroo stood to the side. “And we’re staying down here; I don’t want us all in my bedroom. It’s Tsukishima’s first day here and I want him to have a safe place.”  Bokuto whined as they headed inside and Kuroo found himself checking – for the seventh hundred time – if he actually had ears or a tail – and Iwaizumi smiled as they passed. “You’re really getting into the whole looking after your neko thing, huh?”  “Yeah… I really just want Tsukishima to be alright here. You letting me look after Oikawa for a week really helped.”  Iwaizumi smiled as all three teenagers and the two nekos filed into the kitchen. Kuroo glanced at the list of chores that his Mother had left for him to and then made his way to the fridge. Before he’d even opened it, Akaashi and Oikawa were rubbing around his legs with a purr.  “Guess it’s milk and not human food, huh?”  All three boys chuckled and Kuroo got a bottle of cat milk out the fridge, halving it evenly between two bowls before placing them down on the floor. Straight away, the nekos rushed to a bowl each and fell silent, other than the gentle sounds of them lapping the milk.  Kuroo hesitated a moment before heading into the living room, ushering Bokuto and Iwaizumi to follow him. They all perched on the couches, and Kuroo kept a mindful eye on the kitchen door, keeping his voice quiet. “That place… that’s not… That is not a rehoming centre.”  Iwaizumi and Bokuto looked away. “It’s horrendous, isn’t it?” Iwaizumi’s voice was quiet, and his face had unbridled anger flaring out the eyes. “When I went there, I saw Oikawa being yanked through the hallway back to his cage. The collar was too tight and they were so harsh, he was choking. I just picked him up and yanked the leash out the ‘nurse’s’ hand. He immediately hid into me and I just… couldn’t leave him there.”  Bokuto looked down. “When I went to get Akaashi… we heard nurses talking about how it was time for some of them to change to human form. A nurse said if they were taking Akaashi and I could see him, at the door of his cage. He looked so eager and they were just refused to take him. I immediately went to his cage and picked him; he changed to human the moment he was in the car. I don’t know how long he went.” Bokuto sighed. “How did you pick Tsuki… Tsuki...”  “Tsukishima.” Kuroo ran a hand over his face. “The nurse walked down the hallway, and he slipped his paw through the cage door. I don’t know what he wanted but… the nurse slapped him. It was hard, I heard it on the other side of the hallway. I immediately went to him and just… I just couldn’t leave him there after I saw that. He gladly came with me.”  They all stayed quiet for a moment before Bokuto sat upright from his previous position of curled up. “We should report them!”  Iwaizumi shook his head. “I tried, and Oikawa gave a statement but the police couldn’t do anything. They’re probably in good with people up top. I’ve been thinking about getting another one but I don’t think Oikawa would take too kindly to another neko around the house.”  Kuroo went to reply before the sound of high pitched meowing caught his attention. He looked to the kitchen to see Oikawa pawing at the washing machine. They made eye contact and Oikawa meowed again. “Iwa, have you got clothes for Oikawa? I think he wants some.”  Iwaizumi groaned and stood up. “They’re in the car. Give me a second, Shittywara.”  There was a hiss in the kitchen and Kuroo laughed. Akaashi made his way through to the living room, hopping into Bokuto’s lap and curling up. He licked delicately at his paw.  Kuroo took a moment to watch the neko. He had dark brown, almost black fur, but it was scruffy. Bokuto tried and tried to brush him and keep his fur smooth, but Akaashi would refuse to sit still and would often roll around, messing his fur up almost immediately as Bokuto finished. Blue-grey eyes that shimmered in the most unusual places, and Kuroo realised that the blue-grey eyes were boring directly into his own.  Akaashi let out a meow and then moved around in Bokuto’s lap, happily letting his head rest against Bokuto’s stomach. Akaashi had definitely grown since Kuroo had last seen him in