way to the same coffee shop and it fuels their anger. 

"You're too nice on the kid," Kyoutani says, bumping shoulders with Yahaba as he passes him. "He'll keep making the same mistakes."

"You know who keeps making mistakes?" Yahaba asks, speeding up so he passes Kyoutani again. "You!"

Kyoutani grabs Yahaba by the elbow into an alley and blocks his path.

"Me? My essays are great."

"I'm talking about your barista skills! You always mess up my order!" Yahaba pokes Kyoutani's chest, making him step back so Yahaba could walk away.

Kyoutani blocks the way again. "Only because you order the most intricate and precise shit! Who needs two exact half-teaspoons of cinnamon in their cup?"

"Me!" Yahaba half-shrills, half-growls. He zones in on Kyoutani's face, almost bumping noses. "I am always precise and in order."

Kyoutani pushes him against the alley wall and smashes his lips against Yahaba. He feels like he's been set on fire and dunked in ice water simultaneously, and Yahaba's mind reels. Yahaba kisses back just as hard, grabbing Kyoutani's collar and pulling him closer. Kyoutani's teeth snag on Yahaba's bottom lip and Yahaba groans, causing them to jump apart.

Panting, they don't break eye contact. This is not the first time they do this. In fact, it's happened almost after every class. Three times a week. For about two months now, not that Yahaba's counted.

Yahaba swipes at his lip, checking for blood. Kyoutani fixes his collar.

"Why do we do this?" Yahaba asks as they walk off again, back on the sidewalk. Kyoutani just grunts.

"Oh, come on," Yahaba demands, almost like a child. He's going to think back on this and probably be embarrassed but he's got to get an answer.

"I don't know," Kyoutani finally answers after a few beats of silence. They arrive at the crosswalk to the coffee shop, stopping to wait for the lights.

"Should we just go out?" Yahaba asks and immediately regrets it. The adrenaline from the kiss got the best of him. Kyoutani stiffens and tries to cover it up, but it's noticeable and Yahaba is emotionally punched in the face. 

"That was a mistake," Yahaba says quickly, turning away from the crosswalk. "Uh, never mind." Yahaba speeds off, not looking back.

He rounds the corner and whips out his phone, dialing Watari.

Watari, thankfully picks up after the first ring. "Hey-"

"Watari, help, I just asked Kyoutani out and he got really awkward and didn't say anything and I ran away-"

"You ran away?" Watari says in surprise and to Yahaba's discontent, amusement.

"Watari don't make fun of me, my emotions aren't in control right now. This all happened in less than five minutes."

"Oh my gosh, dude, chill out," Watari soothes. 

Yahaba can't 'chill out,' right now, he just wants to go home and let his anxiety get the best of him.

Watari only threatens Yahaba because he cares about him.

i am bad at feelings, written or not


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

"Ok, Yahaba, come on. You're being unreasonable."

Yahaba holds the phone tight between his cheek and shoulder and stays quiet, stirring his ugly coffee. He has not stepped inside the cafe` where Kyoutani works since the last time he saw him. It really got Watari going because that's where he likes to study with Yahaba, but oh well.

"Are you two years old?" Watari scolds. He sounds out of breath. Yahaba is an exhausting person.

 Yahaba keeps stirring, pouting. 

"We have a calc test in two days and you're gonna suffer without studying."

"Just come to my apartment and we can study here," Yahaba whines, indignant. "The embarrassment is still too fresh to see his smug face."

"We both study well at the coffee shop because of the coffee. You know we both can't make a cup of coffee and we need the energy. Hurry up." 

Yahaba stops stirring his coffee. He knows Watari's right, but he's sunk too far in this hole. He hears Watari scuffling around through the receiver and hears footsteps up the stairs through the walls. 

"No," Yahaba realizes, too late. Watari busts his door open and throws the spare key at Yahaba's face, the sheer force of the thrown key slapping him from his doorway.

Watari hangs up. He looks at Yahaba with a get-your-butt-up-or-so-help-me look and Yahaba lets tears well up in his eyes.
__

"Open the door."

Yahaba and Watari stand outside the side entrance of the coffee shop. 

"Watari," Yahaba says, face red and bruised. "