, and the next time Louis' hips come off the bed Nick pushes one into Louis' hole, sliding in easily to the second knuckle, and Louis - 

Louis comes with a grunt, flooding Nick's mouth.

Now, normally, Nick'd be seriously upset if someone came in his mouth without asking first, but he supposes this was sort of his fault. He swallows, then pulls off, but keeps his finger where it is in Louis' bum. It's a bit weird, but since it's taken Nick two attempts and a pretty spectacular blow job to get this far, he's not willing to concede any of his hard-won ground.

"Is that - " Louis says, sounding hoarse. He's propped himself up on his elbows to look down at Nick.

"My finger," Nick supplies, and gives it an illustrative little wriggle. Louis' leg twitches and Nick shies away, not wanting to get kicked again.

"Just one?" Louis asks.

"Yup. How's it feel?"

Louis pulls a face. "It - um. Fuck. Weird?"

"Well." Another wriggle. "I hadn't meant for you to come quite so quickly, was going to give you a chance to get used to it."

Louis' instantly on the defensive. "Well, excuse me if I enjoyed getting a fucking blow job, I thought that was the point."

"I wasn't - oh, fuck's sake." This is ridiculous. Nick pulls his finger out and after a moment's consideration wipes it on the sheets; he's sure they’ve had worse. "Of course you were meant to enjoy it. Now stop being such a prickly fucker and get up on the bed properly, would you?" 

Louis gives him the stink-eye but he does shuffle back until he's lying in the middle of the bed. Nick follows him up, tossing up the condoms and the rest of the lube, too, and settles next to Louis, who's watching him warily. Louis' cock's still half-hard, lying up against his tummy, but he's definitely going to be too sensitive for Nick to get his hands on it again just yet. He'll have to find some other method of distraction.

Nick considers for a moment, then asks, "Can I kiss you, or is that too much for your delicate sensibilities since I've just had my mouth on your cock?"

As Nick'd hoped, Louis takes it as a challenge, immediately surging up and pressing his mouth to Nick's. Their chins and noses bump together for a moment because Louis is a little fucker who won't give in and tilt his head the right way, but once Nick's got a hand on the back of his neck and fingers twisted in his hair to guide him they're sorted. 

It's more an argument than a kiss, at least to start with. Louis' teeth are pointy and he's not afraid to use them, scraping them against Nick's tongue and nipping at his bottom lip when he sucks it into his mouth. He stops short of drawing blood, at least, which Nick takes as a thank you for the excellent blowjob he's just received. He's pretty sure waiting for Louis to actually say thank you is pretty pointless.

After a minute or so Louis seems to realise that Nick's not going to back down or be scared off by his teeth, and he stops fighting quite so much. He's actually quite good when he’s not trying to punish Nick, with a quick, clever tongue, tasting of syrupy sweet Red Bull. Nick licks into his mouth, chasing it, trying to get rid of the taste of Louis' come.

Louis seems to object to that, and he breaks the kiss, pulling a face. "You taste like come," he says.

"Can't imagine why that might be, princess," Nick says. He's still got one hand curled around Louis' neck, soft hair tickling his fingers. "If you don't like it, maybe you shouldn't have come in my mouth." He tugs on Louis' hair, pulling him back in.

This time, when Nick kisses him, Louis doesn't fight it at all.

Nick lets it go on until Louis starts to shift closer, pressing their bodies together, and then he runs a hand down Louis' side and uses it to hitch one of Louis' thighs up over his hip. It's intoxicating, how much shorter than him Louis is; he can keep kissing him like this and easily reach around to open him up.

Louis' whole body jolts at the first brush of Nick's fingers over his hole, and he makes a little, "Mph," noise into the kiss, but he doesn't pull away and he doesn't object when Nick pushes one finger back in. He's tight, but after a moment