surrendering even his mind – so that he was nothing, less than nothing, a receptacle for Ashkaari to empty himself into. He let himself be carried away by the rumble in Ashkaari’s chest as he swore and growled in time to their movements, clenching his own muscles in accompaniment.

Ashkaari thrusted into him, pulling his cock almost all the way out before slamming into him. Tonight, his eyes were trained not on Taashath but on the people around them. Ashkaari watched them as he fucked into Taas, as he lost all thought of gentleness and carefulness, as he moved in tandem to their self-pleasuring. He locked eyes with someone behind Taashath, and Taas does not bring him back. He enjoyed this – to be used, his body emptied of everything except the rhythm of pain/pleasure, of being an object without losing his ability to un-become that object.

When Ashkaari’s rhythm faltered, he grabbed Ashi’s horns once again, thrusting back as hard as Ashkaari, giving him back everything he was given. He watched Ashkaari’s eyes dilate, still trained on someone behind him – then someone else, then someone else – watched him distill their pleasure, losing himself in their reflection. Felt him squeezed him harder, big hands turning into claws in earnest. He scratched Taashath as he would like to scratch them, his a form of surrender too – not caring if Taas bleeds, not caring if he tears.

Taashath cried out, Ashkaari’s name a chant on his lips. He claws at Ashi’s back, ripping skin, making scars, dug viciously into wounds and felt Ashkaari’s cock jerk.

“Harder, you accursed piece of shit. Harder, harder!” He cried.

His words snapped Ashkaari out of his reverie, and he swung his gaze back to Taas. It hardly mattered: their part of the room was so heavy with the sound of pants, the smell of sex so heavy, they didn’t need to see them to feel them. The room was with them, every one of them – lusting, wanting, desiring them – and it was his ass that Ashi was ripping into.

“Mine,” Ashi growled, claws pressing down into soft flesh again, as they moved together for the final lap, their movements contradictory and almost competitive. He bites Taas, rips into him, slam into him so hard that it’s his hips that bruises him – words, cries, degenerating into curses in Qunlat.

“Bloody, fucking – “And then he was coming, heat filling Taashath to the core. Ashi’s hands come down hard on Taas’ cock, yanking it furiously, demanding – and then Taashath joined him with a cry, spurting all over his chest.

He crashed with the wave of pleasure, dropping himself into his drippings and holding Ashkaari tightly. It racked his body, left it breathless, boneless, and useless.

It was a long while before either of them could speak. They laid there, wet and sticky and sweaty, listening to the others find their own completions. Ashkaari was the first to recover.

“So… Maraas looks pretty happy.”

“Why?”

“Someone grabbed him halfway and started blowing him.”

“Shit. Lucky bastard.”

“Not as lucky as I was,” Ashkaari nudged him, made him move up so that he could wrap his arm around Taas better. “I had an elf riding me and everything. Tightest ass ever. Can’t top that.”

“Can’t imagine why, with the kind of cock he’s been taking.”

Ashkaari chuckled, squeezed him on the side. “Thank you for that. I don’t understand why I needed that, but I do.”

Taas smiled. His head was full of complicated thoughts, on how Ashkaari might have felt like so, and so. But it wasn’t the time for such convoluted debates, and in any case he was much too tired.

Instead, he said, “Now hopefully, you won’t drag me off by the ear every time I so much as breathe on another Qunari.”

“Yeah. Maybe. No promises.” Another squeeze. “Stay with me tonight.”

“We’re going to have to wake up very early for me to crawl back to my pallet.”

“If you think Tama isn’t going to know what kind of trouble you’ve started, you’re mad as lice.” Ashkaari scoffed. “It isn’t going to make a whit of difference in your punishment.”

Then he said, again. “Stay.”

So Taashath did.

 

(Psst, thanks for staying with me so far! And the anon who hunted me down on tumblr!)


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

That entire Spring, Ashkaari tutored a pacified Taashath on the things that every Imekari would know had they not been raised in some walled-off Tevinter courtyard.  For the most part, Taas went obediently along with these lessons, most of them related to survival in the wilderness, as the Great Hunt was more about being able to survive long enough to return home at