he can feel it coursing through every inch of him from the first pump through his chamber down to his fingertips. The feeling is almost indescribable. 

In the past, he’s described it as, “getting head in the Impala while listening to the guitar solo from Free Bird and watching a great white shark breach in the middle of the ocean.” Castiel had wanted to question it but after some thought, he supposed it made some sense. 

"Breathe, Dean," Cas reminds, gently stroking his fingers through the other’s dirty blond locks and eyeing him attentively. "You’re doing so good," he encourages, gazing down adoringly through hooded, blue eyes. 

Even from the outside, Cas can sense the mounting pressure and the rush of blood as it zooms through Dean’s poisoned veins. He struggles as the internal battle within him wages on, the stress and hurt manifesting itself as full body tremors and cold sweat, but when that exhausted smile breaks out over Dean’s face—when the blackness recedes and that genuine burst of green surfaces—they both release the breaths they’ve been holding.

Cas lets out a hushed laugh, his nose scrunching up once and his eyes watering with relief. ‘You’re so beautiful,’ Castiel muses inwardly, losing himself in Dean’s righteous stare. 

This is different than the stunt he pulled earlier. This is real. Although, Castiel knows it’s just as short-lived as when he fakes it, that doesn’t make it any less refreshing. He finds comfort in knowing that for that moment, no matter how brief, Dean disarms and being the one responsible for that well deserved relief gives Castiel a high he couldn’t achieve with wings or grace. 

"You still with me, Doctor Sexy?" Dean pipes, lips lifting at the corners in an amused fashion. His eyes are black again. 

Castiel smiles regardless and soothes a hand over his hair again, hunching forward while Dean props himself up on his elbows to mitigate the gap between them. Dean kisses him hard and twists until he is sitting up on his knees, one hand cradling the back of his head and the other descending boldly down the center of his chest. 

"Gonna’ take care of you, now," Dean whispers enticingly, brushing their lips together and eyeing Castiel through dense lashes. His fingertips graze over his member, caressing the hot, velvet skin before closing around it deftly. Dean pumps him slow and firm while burying his face in the crook of Cas’ neck and mouthing at the spot below his ear. 

"Dean," Castiel sighs, body relaxing and cock hardening under his lover’s skilled touch. Still propped up against the headboard, Cas slouches languidly and spreads his legs some, biting his lower lip to stifle a particularly loud groan that escapes him. 

"Don’t hold back, baby. Love the way you moan. Love making you scream," Dean grunts directly into his ear, glancing down as he smears the pearl of precome forming at the tip of Castiel’s wet cock. "Love it when you leak all over my hand too," the demon adds. Chuckling darkly, he his hand clean across Cas’ belly and marvels at the shine it creates against his skin. 

"Want me to suck your cock, Cas? Is that what you want, angel?" Dean continues to taunt, giving his dick a little squeeze and licking the rim of his ear. 

The raunchiness of the act and the bite in Dean’s voice makes Castiel shudder and buck up instinctively into the other man’s closed fist. “Yes,” he manages to pant, throat bobbing with every gulp. 

"Say it, Cas. I want to hear you say it," Dean persists, jerking Cas at a uniform pace. 

"Want you to suck me off, Dean. Ah, n-need it," Castiel concedes and parts his lips to accommodate for the harsh breaths blowing past them. 

"Can’t even say it without blushing, can you, Cas? You embarrassed, baby? Embarrassed over how badly you want your cock sucked?" Dean’s teasing is relentless but Castiel is harder than he’s ever been. He’s only been working him for five minutes and already, Cas is flushed and on the verge of begging. 

Fortunately, Dean takes pity on him after a few more teasing licks against his ear and a exceptionally hard bite against his shoulder. 

"I love your big, fucking cock. You know that already, though. Don’t you, baby? Know that from how loud I scream when I’m riding you, huh, baby? You want that?" Dean lets out, now settled between Castiel’s knees with one hand gripping him at the base and the other splayed out over his stomach. He slides his lips up and down the shaft, tonguing at the large vein that runs along the underside and humming appreciatively at the way it throbs against him. 

Castiel is somewhat reserved, still adjusting to Dean’s complete lack of a filter which seems to be demonstrated most easily during sex. He’d