SUV and puts the unlit cigarette behind his ear.

“To the hotel?” his driver asks when he sprawls on the backseats.

Zayn grunts back something intelligible.

“Excuse me, sir?” the driver politely demands. 

Zayn is still quite jittery and he kinda grits his teeth when he speaks. 

“Surrey,” he says, controlling his breathing as well as he can. “Mr. Payne’s address should be already programmed in the navigation system.”

“Of course, sir,” the driver answers and if Zayn wasn’t so distracted, he would probably notice the knowing smirk in the tilt of his voice.

——

Traffic is surprisingly bearable and the drive to Liam’s house takes a little less than expected. Zayn entertains himself with texting Liam a colourful string of curses, which are left ignored, and then he takes the ill-advised decision to google Liam’s campaign. 

There are more pictures. Most of them are of Liam’s in various model of underwear but there are some of him in the collection’s loungewear pieces too. And even if Zayn knew there would be more photos, he was right when he assumed he would be wholly unprepared. It silly, he realized that too, because he’s seen Liam naked and he’s seen Liam in a suit, which was probably worse for his self-control. He woke up to Liam making them breakfast in boxers and he spent hours ravishing that gorgeous body when it was lit by fireplace heat. But there’s something different now, something that curls deep and hot in his stomach at the thought that yes, now Liam’s on display for the world to see, and people will lust over him, and wish they could have him, but Zayn knows that Liam’s his. It sits possessively in his gut, the certainty of it, of the fact that he can have him, has had him, that man that dared to strip down for greedy eyes. He can reach out and touch and take, and the world is welcome to watch because they’ll never have him.

Zayn sighs, his dick demanding attention again, and he tries to remember the breathing exercise Harry thought him, to try and calm down. It to no avail in the end.

When the car pulls up in front of the gated house, Zayn leans out of the window to punch in the code Liam texted him. He collects the jacket he took off midway through the drive and bids goodnight to the driver, who doesn’t even bother asking if he should wait for him but just drives off.

Zayn grabs the spare key hidden under a potted plant - and, seriously, Liam should have better hiding places than that - unlocks the door and hangs his jacket to one of the hooks in the entryway.

“Liam?” he calls out when no one shows up to greet him and a muffled response comes from upstairs. Zayn takes that as the invitation it was meant to be and heads straight from the master bedroom, toeing off his shoes on his way. 

When Zayn opens the door, Liam is sitting in the middle of the bed, dressed in sweats and a t-shirt Zayn recognizes as part of the collection, a serene expression on his face, like everything is fine and dandy. Zayn is on him before the door has time to swing closed again.

Liam’s lips are soft and smooth, and the juxtaposition between that and the scratchiness of his stubble against Zayn’s skin set all of his nerve’s ends aflame. Zayn scrambles to get his fingers on bare skin as soon as he balances himself enough and Liam wraps his arms around his slim waist, pulling him in for a second.

“Hi,” he whispers against Zayn’s mouth. “Glad you could make it,” he snickers. 

Zayn would reflect on how much of an arsehole Liam is if his mind wasn’t floated with more pressing matters.

“Hi”, he answers back. “Need you,” he adds seconds after.

“Are you saying you want me to forfeit the private show, love?” Liam asks.

And now, yes, Zayn wants Liam pressed against him as soon as possible but he would be crazy to turn down a show when Liam is offering it.

“Wanna watch you,” he whispers against Liam’s neck. 

“Yeah,” he nods.

They stay wrapped around each other for a couple more minutes, hungrily chasing one another’s lip and getting Zayn rid of most of his clothes.

When he’s down to just his boxers, Liam gets up and move to the other side of the bedroom, where the doors of his closet are, and stops right outside so he’ll have some space to move. 

Since they started this thing between them, Zayn has come to realize how much of a show off Liam can be when they’re alone. He’s the most stunning person Zayn’s ever laid eyes on, and when he’s like this, perfectly comfortable in his skin, completely confident in his body, he glows brighter, so bright Zayn feels blinded.

There is no