Yuuichirou. It was now past midnight, and the only thing stuck in Yuuichirou’s mind was the vampire queen’s son.

He was still surprised by the amount of self control the vampire had. And he could only wonder for how long the vampire was fighting the human blood lust.

And it only made Yuuichirou wonder why his eyes were blue and why he wasn't a full vampire if he's the vampire queen’s son.

There were lots of unanswered questions that Yuuichirou wished he could figure out.

He wished everything was normal. He wished his family would always stay happy and forever in peace. But he wasn't naïve, he knew that was never going to happen but he could only hope.

With the vampire still lingered in his mind, Yuuichirou drifted into a deep sleep.

--

“Why and how did you break out of those chains?” Guren stood in front of the vampire, sword aimed at the vampire’s neck as the blond chuckled.

“Did you forget who I am?”

Guren’s eyebrows furrowed, sword sticking into Mikaela’s neck.

Mikaela eyed the sword and then looked back at Guren, “What? You gonna cut my head off?”

Guren pressed the tip of the sword harder into Mikaela’s neck, digging it into the flesh. Mikaela made a choking noise, wincing while Guren smirked.

“Don't tick me off, blood sucker. I'll finish you off right on this spot.”

“Lieutenant Guren, we have something to show you.”

Guren narrowed his eyes at the vampire, “The bell saved you, blood sucker. I'll be back.”

With that, Guren pulled back his sword and Mikaela’s neck bled.

After he made his way out, he was led to the security office. “I was checking the security camera from last night, and I saw the teenagers you warned us about.”

Guren’s eyes widened, “Play it, right now!”

The guard pressed something on the keyboard as the film played, and it showed Mikaela on top of Yuuichirou, who was trying to fight him off.

“Any idea what they're saying?!” Guren exclaimed. And all the guards shook their heads, “They were speaking very low, not loud enough for the cameras to catch on what they're saying.”

Guren banged his fist against the table, chest heaving up and down as he felt anger rise within him.

“I'll kill that blood sucker soon and you all will witness it, especially our beloved seraph.”

Guren’s evil laugh was the only thing that could be heard. 

THANK YOU SO, SO MUCH for your wonderful comments! They make me so happy and they're the reason I keep going! Also, I'm equally thankful to the kudos I've received and I can't believe I'm almost 100! Thank you SO much once again.

This chapter is a bit short, but it was quickly written because I'm planning on making the next one a lil bit more interesting. 

Let's hope I'm able to do that hajdjdhdk.

Enjoy!

“Alright, off we go!” Mitsuba chirped as she collected her weapon and other necessary stuff before she left the apartment with the others following her.

Yuuichirou was beyond nervous. Anything could go wrong at any given moment, and it scared the hell out of him. He was not only risking his life, his position, but he was also putting his family in danger.

He hated this, but the fact that his friends were so supportive of his idea made his heart flutter. He didn't know what he'd ever do without them, and he didn't want to know.

But he would protect them with his entire life, he'd turn into a freaking demon for them.

“I'm kinda nervous.” Shinoa sighed, walking next to Yuuichirou as they kept their voices down in order to not freak out the others even more.

“So am I, but it's okay! Everything will be alright.” Yuuichirou smiled reassuringly, and Shinoa returned it back.

The squad trusted Yuuichirou with their lives, as they realize how strong he is. But to their disappointment, he doesn't know.

That's right, Yuuichirou had no idea he was a seraph. After the big battle, they all decided to keep it a secret from him, thinking it would be a good idea to not stress him out.

But there were going to be consequences. Their life wasn't a happy fairy tale but did they wish it was.

They reached the large gates that led them out of the safe zone, before they were stopped by a bunch of guards.

“Where do you think you're going?” The teenagers froze in their places, eyeing one another worriedly.

They hadn't thought of a lie, and they didn't know how they'd explain their reason of leaving the safe zone when there was no mission.

“Just running some errands…” Shinoa, the squad leader trailed off, and the guards eyed