“What does he have to do with this? I thought this was about Ruby.”



“It is.” Hopper seemed to be bracing himself. “I’m so sorry…Your father passed away, two days ago…”


He lowered the phone, even as Hopper jabbered on about “…tried to find contact information…”, staring straight ahead. Your father passed away, two days ago…How could he be gone? The last words he’d said to him had been… what were they? He couldn't even remember.


“Neal,” Emma’s voice prodded gently. “Neal?”


“Neal?”

Neal blinked, pulled back to the present by the sound of her voice. “Yeah, sorry—got lost, for a minute there.”

“Are you okay?” she frowned concernedly, turning him around to study him. “Hey…”

“I’m fine,” he mumbled, shaking his head. “Really, I’m—”

“You don’t seem fine.”

“Emma.” Neal lifted his eyes, looking at her intently. Just drop it, please just drop it.

Emma bit her lip, but she heard his silent plea. “Okay,” she sighed, sliding her hands off her shoulders. “I’m going to go check on Henry.”

Neal smiled faintly as she kissed his cheek, nodding a Goodbye after her. He listened to her boots start up the steps, her voice calling for their son. Knowing Henry, he was probably poking around the attic, looking for old telephones or typewriters: he loved studying things like that. 

His phone buzzed inside his jacket pocket. Oh, God, what is it now? he thought, recognizing Dr. Hopper’s number flash on screen. “Hello?”

“Neal, hi.” 

Over the past few weeks, Hopper had called him at least twice a day, updating him on Ruby’s progress. Only recently had he declared Ruby well enough to discharge her from the ward (though, she was still enrolled in outpatient therapy). That was why Neal was back here, in the first place: she still needed someone to look after her, and now that Roman was gone, Neal was all she had. “Besides,” Emma had said, after he ventured the idea to move back home to her. “The city isn't really a good place to raise a kid.”

Ruby’d been doing better, but he still couldn't help feeling nervous every time he got a phone call from Hopper. Neal sighed, running a hand through his hair. “How is she?” he asked.

“Ruby’s fine.” He could hear the smile in Hopper’s voice. “She’s all excited to see you, she’s had her bags packed since yesterday morning.”

He laughed softly at that. “Yeah?”

“Yeah. I was just calling to remind you that you’ll need to make sure you grab her prescription before you leave, in case I don’t see you.”

Neal nodded. “Will do.”

“Now—” Hopper shifted some papers over the line—“your wife and son came up with you, correct?”

“That’s right,” Neal said, glancing upstairs as their footsteps moved around.

“And how are they taking it, if I may ask?”

“A lot better than me,” he smiled bitterly. “Emma thinks it’ll be good for Henry, to get away from the city.”

“She may be right,” Hopper said. “What about Henry?”

“Oh, you know…” Neal exhaled. “He’s not thrilled about leaving his school, but he’s happy that he gets to live with Aunt Ruby. Normally, he only gets to see her a few times a year, so it’ll be nice for them to spend some quality time together.” He paused. “I like to think that it’ll do her some good, having him close by.”

“I think you’re right,” Hopper agreed. “He might provide some perspective for her. Remind her that she’s got people depending on her to get well. If there’s one thing I’ve learned about your sister over the past weeks, it’s that she cares more about others than herself. Too much, actually,” he added with a sigh. 

“Can’t argue with that.”

“Just, uh…” Hopper paused, searching for the proper phrasing. “Be …careful, handling Henry’s understanding of Ruby’s problems. I don’t know how much she’d want him to know about everything.”

“He’s eight years old, I’m not going to talk to him about this,” Neal said, shaking his head. 

“That may be for the best.” Hopper shifted a few more papers. “All right, Neal, I’ll let you go. I only wanted to touch base with you before she’s discharged. Don’t hesitate to call, if you have any questions or concerns.”

“Yeah, okay. Thanks