of your hips against his ass, god that feels good), try to flip the two of you over, but he’s quicker than you. Dave pins your hands to the floor and rolls his hips, and you gasp, go limp because yes, you are definitely on board with any plans that he has that involve his hips like that.

Anonymous asked: Naive!John/Protectiveboyfriend!Dave (it’s my headcanon and I am crey)

“But Daaaave!”

“But nothing, Egbert, you were about to get yourself carted off to go smoke something illegal and probably get your ass-virginity taken,” you scoff, pulling John away from the circle of weirdos. Ignoring his pout is surprisingly easy, mostly because you know better than to look at him while he’s sulking.

You hear him huff behind you before he tugs you into a different part of the house. “My ass-virginity, really? You already took that!”

Deserted. How convenient. You pull John against you, tilt his head up, mouth along his jaw. “They’d find a way. Just let me take care of you, alright?

"Let me take care of you, John.”

transversepea asked: "holy shit dave. it’s three o’ clock in the morning and it is NOT safe to drive a fucking truck with with sunglasses on. take off your lameass shades this instant or, i swear to god, i will youth roll right out of this car and call the cops on your dumb ass.“ - extra points if dave is a horrible driver even in broad daylight, and/or if you can somehow work carsex in.

"No, dude, I’ve got this.”

“YOU’RE ON THE WRONG SIDE OF THE ROAD.”

Dave glances over his glasses and winces, correcting himself on the right side of the road. You scowl, resisting the urge to grab the wheel from him. “Can you even see?”

“Yeah, totally.”

“What’s the speed limit?”

“….forty-five?”

“Bzzzt! Thirty! It’s a wonder we haven’t been pulled over yet! Take off the glasses.”

Dave shakes his head. “Nope, they stay on the sanctuary that is my face, and they will not be removed. Keep your hands away, Egbert.”

You stop yourself from trying to reach any closer to him through sheer force of will. “I’m trying to stay alive, Dave!”

“And I’m trying to teach you about a little thing we like to call ‘trust’, dude. Chillax, I’ve got this.”

“…”

“…”

“…you wanna know what the really terrifying part is?”

“Hm?”

“You’re not any better at this when it’s noon.”

“Shut the fuck up, I am a master of driving and anyone who thinks otherwise can suck my dick.”

“….”

“….Egbert, what are you- ah!”

Anonymous asked: Davesprite/John: First real conversation

You absolutely have no idea how to talk to him at all, and that-.

Well, that really bothers you.

(He’s alive.)

You’ve made sure that he’s alright, that you guys made it to the ship okay, though that was mostly Jade, and god, he’s alive. And well. 

“Hi, Dave!”

And talking to you.

You feel your neck feathers floof nervously (stupid things, you still haven’t gotten used to them) and you wheel around, chirruping. “Sup, dude." His eyes are so blue, and he smiles up at you, and he’s just so alive and so beautiful, and yes, you want him and you want to talk to him and be his friend and it doesn’t matter so much that he’s not yours.

He’s alive.

Anonymous asked: johndave - sharing an ice cream cone! (or popsicle)

“Come on really?”

“It’s romantic!”

“It’s dumb.”

“I thought you’d like it because it’s ironic…”

“…what flavor is it?”

“Mint chocolate chip, please Dave, share it with me?”

“….”

“….”

“…it’s not fair when you bring out the begging eyes, dude. Fine, whatever, we’ll share the dumb ice cream cone. Happy?”

“Hehe, I knew that’d work.”

paopulove asked: DaveJohn being cute daddies of a little girl. <33

“Alright, she’s kinda adorable.”

“I think you mean, she’s perfect.”

“We’re not naming her Casey, her name is already Danielle.”

You pout at him playfully. “C'mon Dave, surely we can add a middle name!”

“No.” (But he hasn’t put her down at all, and she’s already two, she must be heavy.) “She’s fine just the way she is. Can we start the adoption stuff already?”

You smile at Dave, with Danielle asleep on his shoulder, drooling on his