They stood shoulder to shoulder, thinking about what they were about to do. “Ready for this?” Teshima asked. Aoyagi twitched his lips into a grim smile. He continued, “I know, it's our first time together, but it'll be alright.” Teshima closed his eyes and breathed in slowly. Moments later, it had started. They hugged close to each other, reassured by the presences each had grown to know and love. Yet it was still so new to them both. Teshima moaned. “It's already so hard! Why couldn't I be special like you?” Aoyagi glanced down at him, and gave a comforting smile that seemed to say, “it's alright, I'm not going anywhere.” Their hearts raced faster and faster. Teshima looked up as Aoyagi got in front of him. Teshima was enthralled. Did I ever notice how stunning his back is? His eyes slid lower, then snapped back up. We have to do this! Aoyagi got into position, and Teshima bent over, edging ever closer to his partner. Then, everything was perfect. Aoyagi felt Teshima’s breath on his back. The longer they did it, the better it felt. Soon, their bodies were perfectly synced. Every movement was just right. They felt an overwhelming ecstasy. Even their thoughts were unified. We are perfect for each other… This is what we are meant to do.Eventually Teshima gasped, “switch!” Aoyagi looked back at him, sweat streaming from his brow, and knew what he meant. The finish was coming faster than either would have liked. As Teshima settled in front of Aoyagi, he knew his job was only just beginning. He gritted his teeth, knowing that the pain was coming soon. His body began to tremble. Aoyagi put his hand on Teshima’s back. Right, as long as I'm with, him, it'll all be ok.Every muscle in Teshima's body hurt. He wasn't sure how much more he could take before he collapsed. But he knew it was almost over. He had been listening to Aoyagi, and could tell he was bursting with energy. So he carefully reached back, putting his hand on Aoyagi’s rear, and pushed him forward. When he did, they both felt it: the pure, explosive joy that could only be felt shared with two people as close together as they were. Teshima bent over, wracked with pain. But he looked up again, tears streaming past his smile. I did it! I was perfect for you, Aoyagi! After it was done, they stumbled and collapsed. Teshima crawled over to Aoyagi, his body still spasming from the pain, and yet, pleasure. 

 

Option A) bracing himself against the bed, Aoyagi stood, helping Teshima to his feet. They fell onto the soft comforter, locked in an embrace, and Teshima drifted off to sleep. Aoyagi looked at his partner, and gently whispered, “I love you,” before fading away himself. 

B) rolling over, Aoyagi held up the trophy that confirmed their unity. We won this together… Just like we had hoped. Aoyagi reached over, and grabbed Teshima's hand, whispering so only they could hear, “thank you.”