’t.” He stepped over the line.

"Shit!" Sam flung up his right hand, leveling the knife just under Dean’s chin, stopping him in his tracks.

"You do realize that little thing can’t kill a Knight of Hell." Dean said disdainfully.

"No, but it’ll still hurt like hell. Castiel, redraw the trap." Sam commanded to the angel behind him. "How did you get out?" He asked Dean.

"Oh, I forgot to mention."  Dean grinned and his eyes flashed black. "I’m not here on my own."

 

"Hello boys." A familiar voice purred behind them.

The tables turned in an instant. As soon as Sam turned his head, Dean slapped his hand away, grabbed hold of his wrist and twisted it up painfully, forcing the hunter to double over.

Cas turned and found Crowley’s hand around his throat. ”Hello angel.” Crowley purred. “Well, I guess I can hardly call you that anymore.”

Castiel gasped, hands scratching at the demon’s hand as he fought for the breath he needed nowadays.

"Cas!" Sam shouted. He struggled, trying to ignore the pain radiating from his wrist and shoulder. Desparately, he stamped down hard on Dean’s foot. The shout behind him told him he’d hit his mark, and when the pressure on his wrist slackened he yanked free. He brought his arm round and flung the knife he was still holding at Crowley.

In a split second, Crowley threw the angel to the ground, turned and grabbed the dagger from the air. “Tsk tsk.” He shook his head at Sam. “Rude.”

Before Sam could react, Dean elbowed him hard in the back, followed by a kick to the back of his knees. Sam went down. Dean kicked him in the stomach, driving all the air from his lungs, before placing his foot on his brother’s head.

Crowley watched the proceedings with a look of mild amusement on his face. At his feet, Castiel still struggled for breath, trying to get up on his hands and knees.

"Well, this was all very entertaining," Crowley smiled disdainfully, "but we should go." He crouched down beside the gasping angel. "It was nice working with you." He said cynically. With that, he sunk the dagger into Castiels abdomen.

The angel gasped, a look of pained disbelief on his face. He rolled onto his back, hands around the weapon protruding from his midriff. A hint of pale blue light seeped from the wounds, quickly fading away to be followed by dark blood.

 

"CAS!" Sam shouted, trying to push himself up off the floor. Dean’s heel pressed down hard on his temple, sending jolts of pain through his skull.

Crowley straightened up and brushed the imaginary dust of his hands. “Good. Finish off the human and lets get out of here.” He ordered. He was almost apologetic as he looked down at Sam. “Sorry Moose. I’ve got a realm to rebuild and I can’t have you mucking that up as usual.” He turned away as Dean aimed his first kick.

Sam didn’t have time to defend himself. All he could do was curl up and try to protect his head and stomach. He quickly rolled out of reach and managed to get on up on his hands and knees, shaking violently and coughing up blood, before Dean kicked him hard in the head. Stars swam in the blackness as he tried to remain conscious. Curled up on his side, he heard his brothers voice somewhere above him.

"I’m going to rip you apart."

There was an enraged roar somewhere above him, but it was not Dean's voice. It was Castiel, launching himself at Dean with the last of his strength. Dean turned around, surprised, just in time for Castiel to sink the demon-killing knife right into his heart. The angel stood there, trembling, the last of his energy spent on this attack.

Dean looked down at the handle protruding from his chest, then smiled a humorless smile at the panting angel in front of him. “Hello Castiel. How the tables have turned.” He reached up and effortlessly, drew out the blade. The angel was either too stunned or too weakened to block the punch Dean threw him. He fell back against the wall, slumped down, motionless.

 

Sam had managed to pull himself up into a sitting position against the far wall. There was blood clotting in his long hair, and leaking from the corner of his mouth. “Please Dean.” He rasped. “You can’t do this.”

"Watch me." Dean replied gruffly, kneeling down in front of him and aiming the dagger at Sam’s throat.

Sam clasped his hands around his wrist, but there wasn’t much strength left in them. He looked into his brother’s eyes, looking for some hint of recognition, but he only saw his own scared eyes reflected in those black shields. ”I’m your brother Dean