probably around Midoriya’s age, stands before him, though his posture and dress make him look years older.

“Uraraka!” the boy, apparently named Iida, responds. “I am always pleased when you come to visit, but please just knock on the door!”

Uraraka giggles. “But you always answer when I yell! That’s more fun.”

They start arguing then, with Uraraka trying to explain why her method is better while Iida lectures her, his arms gesturing wildly as he talks. Midoriya wants to be concerned, but it seems playful enough. Nothing like his arguments with Bakugou.

“Oh!!” Uraraka shouts suddenly. “This is Midoriya!” She gestures to him, and suddenly Iida’s stern gaze falls over him. Midoriya feels himself grow tense under the scrutiny, and he scrambles for something to say or do.

“I, uh… hi, I’m- well, I guess I’m looking for-”

“He’s looking for someplace to meditate!” Uraraka cuts in with her ceaseless cheer. Midoriya sighs to release the anxiety pooling in his stomach, though it doesn’t help much. At least Uraraka can handle this better than he can.

“Meditate?” Iida asks. “Yes, I know a few places nearby. There is a garden on the edge of town or a swamp through the forest. Which-”

“No swamps,” Midoriya insists.

“Alright then, I will show you to the garden. May I ask why you are looking for a place to meditate?”

“I, well…” Midoriya says. “I just got here, and I don’t really know what to do next, so I thought that meditation might help.”

Iida’s eyes narrow slightly. “I see. Well, follow me.”

The garden isn’t far, but it’s such a stark difference from the bustling city full of buildings and people that Midoriya has trouble believing they’re even in the same place anymore.  It’s an outdoor area, but wooden frames line the whole square, with vines in all sorts of colors crawling everywhere and leaving the area feeling secluded. The grass is lush and long, with all sorts of trees and flowers growing everywhere.

Midoriya understands immediately why Iida recommended this place. It feels like walking into another world.

It’s perfect, then, since he is literally trying to get to another world. 

Midoriya finds himself drawn to a small area, an open circle of grass with a tall tree in the center. It is surrounded by tall grasses and bright flowers, and as Midoriya situates himself at the base of the tree, everything else disappears. The world becomes nothing but plants and a bright blue sky.

He crosses his legs and draws his hands together in front of his stomach. The scent of clean air and fragrant flowers fills his nose as he inhales, and releases all the tension inside him as he exhales. His eyes flutter shut, and he focuses on his breathing.


Inhale… exhale.


He gives up after half an hour.

It isn’t as easy as he had hoped, and of course it wouldn’t be. The lack of progress leaves him antsy and agitated, and Midoriya feels even less relaxed than he was when he started.

When he stands, he’s surprised to see Iida and Uraraka still there, waiting for him. Uraraka seems concerned, but Iida only appears annoyed.

He approaches them. “Sorry, I, uh… thought that would work.”

“You spent half an hour there and didn’t come up with anything?” Iida questions, scrutinizing him as he did earlier.

“No,” Midoriya admits. “I really don’t know what I’m doing.”

“That is precisely the problem,” Iida says. “You just arrived in this city, correct? You have no possessions with you, no one here to stay with, and no clue as to what you are doing. Excuse my insensitivity, but it seems as though you have made a mistake in coming here. Whatever it is you have come here to accomplish, I advise that you go home and wait until you are more prepared to do it.”

Frustration flares up in Midoriya’s chest, but it is easily overwhelmed by the nervousness that has always lived there. “I’m sorry for wasting your time, Iida. But there is something I need to do, and I can’t go home until it is done. It’s not… I don’t have a guidebook or anything to tell me how to do this.”

“What are you trying to do?” Uraraka asks. “Why did you come here? You never told me.”

“That’s…” Midoriya sighs. “I can’t say. I’m not sure how to do this, but I know I need to do it.”

He pauses, thinking back to the first time he went into the avatar state. It’s not as if he could replicate that, since Bakugou is nowhere to be found, and Midoriya wouldn’t risk his life as a means