.

Lance sobbed quietly, hating these days the worst. Pidge was like his little sister, seeing her covered in his blood made him sick.

The doors opened and Lance saw Keith pulling in a cart with a camera and some tools on it, followed by Shiro, and Hunk.

Lance watched as Keith set up the camera to face him and connected it to a computer. He was confused, but knew better than to ask what was going on, knew better than to bring attention to himself.

An image popped up on the wall, and Lance’s first thought was that they must be video calling a friend of theirs to let them in on the fun.

Then he read the word Voltron.

Lance started screaming, started struggling and trying to get them to stop. He knew what this was, he wasn’t stupid.

They were going to torture him in front of his teammates, the real ones.

Suddenly, Allura’s face popped up on the wall, the other paladins behind her. Lance sobbed in defeat.

“Princess Allura,” said not-Shiro, “we figured it was time you see your paladin again. I’m sure he would disagree, but we thought this would be a nice reunion for you all. You can, of course, leave at any point, but we’re certain that won’t happen.”

Allura ignored not-Shiro, her gaze trained on Lance. Lance couldn’t see the other paladins, and that was a small blessing.

The camera zoomed in on Lance, helpfully giving Allura a better view.

Allura winced.

Lance could hear his friends gasp from behind her, and suddenly Keith was there, having shoved Allura out of the way.

Not-Pidge and not-Keith stepped up to Lance, both holding whips Lance knew were doused with alcohol.

The whip cracked.

Keith screamed.

Lance sobbed.

Lance woke up. His nightmares were getting worse.

                                                                                                       *a week later*

 

Paladin POV

 

“Allura, I think I found him,” Pidge said, voice soft with hope. It had been over two months since they had seen Lance, and none of them knew what he was going through, if he was still alive. But they never stopped searching for him. 

Allura strode over to Pidge, crouching down next to her and looking at Pidge’s computer. 

“Ok, so I got into the Galra databases, and they have like 100 files on Lance. I haven’t looked at any of them yet, but I tracked where they were uploaded from, and I have his coordinates. It looks like a pretty big ship, but I know we can find him,” Pidge said.

“Send me the files on Lance and get out of those databases. I’ll set the coordinates for Lance, and we can look at some of the files on our way there. Go get the other paladins, please,” said Allura, and Pidge nodded.

The paladins were all gathered in the control room, faces ranging from eager to nervous. They didn’t know what was on those files, didn’t know what Lance had been through.

Nobody was really sure they wanted to know.

Allura opened the oldest file, and a video began playing. Lance was in a bright white room, and he was asleep. About a minute in, the lights brightened even more and Lance woke up. Screams could suddenly be heard, and the paladins watched as Lance’s face brightened, and then fell. They recognised the screams the same time as he did, recognised the sounds of their own voices ringing through the cell.

The video stopped as Lance curled into himself and sobbed.

The control room was silent.

Allura’s face was grave as she clicked on a video about halfway through the list.

Lance was in a new room now, and he was strung from the ceiling, feet dangling above the floor. He was asleep, like before.

The sound of a door opening rang through the room, and the paladins saw Shiro walk into frame. They all gasped, and Shiro choked on air.

Shiro walked up to Lance and slapped him awake.

Lance opened his eyes and glanced up at Shiro, resigned.

“Oh, it’s you today. I figured it would have been Pidge again after I spat in your fucking Prince’s face. Not that I’m complaining, don’t get any ideas you fucker,” Lance said, his words angry but his voice quiet and hoarse.

The door opened again.

The real paladins held their breath wondering who it would be that came in next.

Pidge, Keith, and Hunk walked into frame together.

Tears streamed down Lance’s face.

“Oh. Ok then. That works too,” Lance said, his eyes dropping to the floor.

The paladins in the video went out of frame for a moment before coming back into view, and they could suddenly see that Shiro held a whip.

The whip cracked.

Shiro gagged.

Keith screamed.

Pidge sobbed.

Hunk puked.

Allura sank to the floor.

Lance screamed in pain.

Coran turned the video off.

                                                                                                       *