can’t get your stupid face out of my mind.” Wash lowered his gaze and Tucker couldn’t help but feel himself smile. It was an excellent feeling, knowing that he was driving Wash crazy. The aqua soldier was already excited. He felt himself stiffening just at Wash’s stupid words and his stupid face and god damn it he needed him right fucking now.

Tucker put both hands on the counter top on either side of Wash. Biting his lip, the younger man grinded his hips against Wash’s. Through his pants he could feel Wash’s hard cock. He knew Wash could feel his; the older man began to arch his back, pushing his hips forward. Pupils dilated, breathing heavy… Wash just looked so sexy like this. Tucker leaned forward and traced Wash’s jaw with his tongue. He could feel the older man shiver underneath him. Excellent. Slowly, he let his tongue make its way towards Wash’s ear. With a tug, Tucker nibbled on his superior’s earlobe.

“T-Tucker…” Washington moaned softly. The teal soldier smiled through the bite. God, was Wash hot when he moaned. Tucker could live off of the sounds the soldier made.

“Mmm?” Tucker asked. He inhaled deeply, taking Wash’s perspiration and deodorant deep into the base of his lungs. Letting Wash’s scent expand and fill every millimetre of his respiratory system. He exhaled slowly, feeling the last of his restraint leave his body. All in. The darker soldier pushed his torso forward, pushing into Washington. Through their shirts he could still feel how sculpted he was. Goddamn he’s hot. Tucker threw his hands around Wash’s torso, grabbing at him desperately. Hungry. At the same time Wash had shoved his hands under Tucker’s shirt and was letting his calloused hands move all over the younger man’s back. His dick twitched at the direct contact. Wash’s hands were desperate. For him. In a fervour, Wash pulled Tucker’s shirt up his back, bunching together right at his neck. Reluctantly, Tucker pushed himself off of Wash, letting the ex-freelancer take his shirt off. What a good idea. Tucker returned the favour, practically ripping Wash’s shirt off and throwing it aside. He gave himself a second to take in the beautiful sight in front of him. Wash was breathing deeply, his beautiful chest expanding as he caught his breath. His shoulders were sculpted and strong, the muscles underneath his skin beautifully defined. Tucker could see the hem of Wash’s boxer briefs peeking out, barely visible above his pants which hung on his hips. Begging Tucker to rip them off. How could someone look so good? How the fuck did Tucker get so lucky? Desire took over Tucker and he threw himself back onto Washington’s lips. His tongue easily found its way into Wash’s mouth. Wash kissed back with great force. A tidal wave crashing into him. Tucker felt Wash’s fingers dig into his bare skin. Yes. Tucker pushed his erection against the body in front of him. He needed the friction. He needed it so badly- oh. Oh. Oh fuck yes. Wash’s hands moved down, underneath Tucker’s underwear, and were now squeezing his ass.

“I love when I can shut you up like this,” Wash said with a low voice, breaking off the kiss. He gave a deep, soft laugh that sent a shiver down Tucker’s spine and went straight to his cock. One of Wash’s hands stayed on Tucker ass, while the other moved around his hip towards his dick. Tucker bucked his hips in anticipation. A small moan escaped him. He could practically hear that stupid proud smirk Wash was wearing. Slightly embarrassed, Tucker threw his face into the crook of Wash’s neck. So soft. It was a rare part of Wash’s body that wasn’t scarred. Tucker bit down, sucking his superior’s beautiful skin. The ex-freelancer pushed his body forwards in response, his dick rubbing against Tucker’s through way too many layers of fabric for Tucker’s liking. Wash’s hand was now fondling Tucker’s balls. Teasing him. And fuck they felt so good in Wash’s hand. He could feel the pads of Wash’s fingertips giving him just enough pressure, but also not even close to enough. Tucker hooked his thumbs on the edge of Wash’s pants and slowly pushed them off of his hips. He could feel Wash’s hip bones. Those god damn, beautiful hips. Tucker let go of Wash’s neck, feeling proud of his handiwork. A deep red was already starting to form under the skin. The darker man sunk down to his knees, pulling Wash’s pants down with him. Kneeling, he looked up at his strong, muscular, pale legs. The way his boxer briefs clung to his legs was damn hot. Fuck. And the look on Wash’s face. The ex-freelancer