like its' on cloud nine.

Niall knows him so well; from the tip of his fingertips reaching inside of him, he knows how to touch him there, how deep he should go. And his understanding of Zayn goes as far as the ends of the earth. They're both broken; both liars, both people who want to feel something that close enough to make I love you roll off their tongues. He always feels like he's on top of the world with him. That's something he wants to tell him but will never. Holding him close, letting his hands follow the curve from his back to his ass, wrap him up in his aura.

Niall makes him feel more than two, stretching him open. It makes him feel good that three would be needed to open him apart, and it brings this type of aggression on Niall that he would need more than just three fingers thrusting in his muscles.

"Oh, keep goin' babe." Zayn blows out a heavy breath. The more his fingers curl back inside of him, the better he listens to Niall, to come quicker and all over.

No one's ever made him stutter or his whole body tighten like Niall who's eyebrows are knitted with motivation, his tongue poking out from the corner of his lips, teeth digging down on his lip. Zayn just wants to taste him again.

That's until Niall got to taste him; got him sitting on his knees, legs straddled on the bed, back perfectly arched, mouth pressed right into his asshole. Niall never slapped him before but he must've been so angry with him to pinch Zayn's ass while he's bent for him. It was the grip on the back of his ass and the aggressive pushes forward and movements of Niall's tongue and lips that translated anger back to him really well. There were sweet flavours that had Niall's mouth licking so damn much, poking at Zayn's weakness so many times, even had his mouth suck his little tight and throbbing hole.

"O-oh god," Zayn twists his body so he can see Niall. He grips him by his hair, pushing him harder against his asshole—to lick and eat him until he can see heaven. And he is, because he's bending down lower on his bed, eager for more. Niall gets it, shoving an immediate three fingers for him to lose his mind to. He does.

6:05am Crawling back on him, Zayn doesn't wait to pull him closer by his hair with his hand tucked between his legs, forearm pressed between the cleft of Niall's ass so he could push him up against him.

"My Zayn." Niall mutters in a low droning voice that rumbles in his chest. He says it with their foreheads touching, eyes looking down between them.

"Hm," Zayn groans quietly, his entire palm holds Niall's nape, fingers nestled into the dark roots of his hair. Right now, Zayn's got one thing on his mind. The drugs make him want so much in so little time and he's out of his mind. "G'na fuck me soon?" Hoarse, quiet with his throat abused, he asks Niall.

"Is that all you care about?" The question comes with a smirk, and the genuine curiosity Niall might have been asking for a long time.

"No. Of course not." Zayn tilts his head when he pushed Niall's head past his. He has his mouth on a spot on Niall's neck, kissing him around the same spot, sucking him at the curve of his neck meeting his shoulder with his face buried in Zayn's shoulder.

Maybe he does. Maybe he could even care less about Niall being here early in the morning, answering his call and coming no later than half an hour. He's just an important contact on his phone—meaningless just like the rest of them. He doesn't even know his favourite colour, how he takes his coffee, or if he even likes coffee at all. That's his boyfriend's job—he's got the title anyway.

This doesn't mean Zayn's going to lie and tell him, "I care about you." when he doesn't.

But he does tell him because it's a faint touch on his skin that makes him think this is real—and that he's almost there. And he'll kiss Niall for what seems to always be like their first time. He won't forget—he's the one he calls last to end his perfectly fucked up late night of being high.

6:07am Zayn starts to see heaven behind his eyes all over again. He moans under his breath, letting his head hang low over his shoulders, watching the veins of his arms rooting down to his hands. His fingers trying to claw down to his silk sheets for a grip. 

He loves the thrusting force behind him, entering and leaving his body continuously rocking him forward.