to avoid. curse yugyeom and his need for being practical, why couldn't he be more like jackson and leave everything until the possible last second so bambam could live in blissful ignorance for a while longer.

"yugyeommie~" bambam whines, voice muffled by his blankets, too lazy to lift his head, "you're making it hard to avoid my problems if you bring said problems into our bedroom." 

he's not looking at yugyeom but bambam knows in his soul that the brat is rolling his eyes at him. 

"if i don't start packing now, i know for a fact we'll forget to do it until last minute and then jaebum-hyung will probably die of a stress induced stroke," yugyeom says, "and i don't want his death on my shoulders." 

"ah, but that's already bond to happen at some stage," bambam waves his hand, unconcerned, "might as well speed it up a bit." 

"leave him alone," yugyeom defends his hyung like the kiss-ass he is, his voice getting closer to the bed, "he's an old man, " he says like the evil maknae everyone knows he is. 

bambam smirks into his blankets and feels the bed dip beside his hip, cold fingers sprawling across the skin of his back where his shirt has ridden up. he shivers and turns half onto his side, lifting his head up onto his hand to look at yugyeom, who smirks back at him. the hand on bambam's back moves to his hipbones, where yugyeom rubs his thumb in small circles against the fading bruise there and bambam shivers again, but for a different reason this time. 

"i know you're sad about moving, bam," yugeom starts and bambam sighs, letting his head fall against the bedding again to stare at the ceiling. 

"i am too," yugyeom admits quietly, "i'm gonna miss sharing a room with you. i'm gonna miss this room, this dorm," he rolls bambam over to the other side of the bed, as if he weighs nothing, slipping in behind him and wrapping a securing arm around bambam's middle, hand travelling back to the bruise on his hip. bambam stares at the wall pressed up against his bed, feeling yugyeom sigh against the back of his neck and he waits for him to continue. 

"it's just that-" yugyeom pauses, pulling bambam tighter towards himself," i feel like we grew up here, you know? like, leaving this place feels more like leaving my home than leaving my parents place did. and i know the other dorm's not going to be that much different, but at the same time it is." 

bambam bites his lip, trust yugyeom to understand exactly how bambam is feeling. ironically enough, considering his life now, bambam's not a person who's very comfortable with moving around a lot. the move from thailand to korea had probably been the toughest transition of his life, and for a while at the start he really didn't think he would be able to handle it. there was a time where he had felt so lonely. there hadn't been any other thai trainees when he first moved over and even though mark and jackson had both been foreigners as well, it just wasn't the same. bambam's english was understandable at best, but it was no where near as fluent as jackson's and mark was a native speaker. they had tried their best to reach out and communicate with him but it was nearly more saddening to watch them converse in english together because even among the foreigners he was still alone. 

he got over it, eventually. his dream of succeeding and debuting was more powerful than his crippling loneliness and as his korean got better, he got more confident. by the time the members for got7 had been picked, bambam could barely remember the feeling of isolation from the first month. 

he remembers fondly how angry he was when he found out he would be rooming with yugyeom. kim yugyeom, who had seemed like a completely normal, boy-next-door type of teenager when the first met- but the second the younger boy found out his name, all hell broke loose and thus started the most infamous rivalry in jyp. but bambam also remembers how living together in such a small space together brought them closer. the nights that at first were spent ignoring each other in favor for using their phones, slowly turn into nights where they would lay across from each other, talking about anything or everything that came to mind. talking shit about the hyungs behind their backs was what originally brought them together, and it keeps their relationship thriving to this day. 

bambam remembers how the nights of staring at yugyeom from across the room, wishing they were closer, turned into nights where yugyeom would crawl into his bed and wrap his too long limbs around, and they would fall asleep in a tangle- one of them always ended up on the ground in the morning but it didn't stop them. he remembers how tentative touches on the waist or chest