blah!” Louis argues.

Harry shakes his head. “To be honest, I should be the one reprimanding you for your food choices, not the other way around.”

“Um, potatoes are a vegetable.”

“Potatoes are a starch.” Harry corrects.

“Um, onions are a vegetable.” Louis spits back without missing a beat.

“Doesn’t really count when they are deep fried.” 

“Your mum doesn’t count when she’s deep fried.” 

“Are you five?” Harry laughs. 

“No. I’m seven. Duh.” Louis scoffs. Harry laughs louder and he swears Louis’ smile almost blinds him. 

“I uh,” Louis starts when Harry’s laughter has died down. “guess it’s a good thing you’re the pregnant one, yeah? I’d be the worst person if I had to start eating healthy. I’d rip off heads.” 

Harry tears at the loose skin around his thumb. “Probably, but. You should eat well anyway, Louis. It’s better for you, for your body. You should take care of yourself. Maybe not eat both fries and onion rings in the same sitting?” 

Louis sticks his tongue out at Harry and pushes a stray piece of hair behind his ear. Harry’s fingers twitch and he has to pinch his thigh to stop himself from reaching across the table to help. 

When their food comes they start to talk more about the real issue at hand. Louis asks him about his morning sickness, if anything triggers it or if it just happens. Harry tells him about his visit to the doctor, how Niall was a twat and how he almost cried when he heard their baby’s heartbeat. 

“You,” Louis pauses, dropping his fry and glancing around, checking to see if anyone is paying attention to them. They aren’t, the closest person to them is on the other side of the dinner. “Um. You don’t want to get rid of it do you? Not that, I mean, it’s ultimately your choice, but like, I do get an opinion, right? It’s half me. And, I. I don’t think I’m okay with terminating.” 

“I don’t want to terminate.” Harry says quickly. Louis exhales, air leaving him like a balloon. 

“Thank fuck.” 

“I just. I love babies. Not that, like, people who terminate don’t love babies. I don’t think they like have a ‘I hate babies’ club, they don’t get like, pregnant just to terminate, like, accidents happen, hello, example A!” Harry laughs, pointing to himself. “I’m sure they have their reasons and you know sometimes it’s better for the health of everyone, both the mum or dad and the baby to terminate but-”

“Harry.” Louis cuts in. Harry uses the pause to take a deep breath. 

“I just. I want to have it. Keep it even, it’s not ideal, I know it’s not. This isn’t how I planned. This isn’t what I wanted and believe me, I’ve spent many nights crying and fretting over this, but I think this is what I want. I want to keep my baby. Our baby. I want to raise it and I want you to help. But, like, only if you want to. I won’t force you. I won’t like, sue you if you don’t. We barely know each other. We are fucking seniors in high school. We aren’t ready for a baby. I won’t make you stay. You don’t have to do this with me. At all.” 

It hurts for him to say, to tell Louis he is okay with him leaving, pretending it’s not his, ignoring Harry and their baby, but he needs to say it. He doesn’t want Louis to feel trapped. It’s just a shitty situation all around, but Harry doesn’t want to be in a shitty situation with someone who doesn’t even want to try to make the best of it. 

“That was, wow. That was a lot of words you just said.” Louis laughs lightly. He clears his throat and looks into Harry’s eyes. Harry thinks they are a color of their own, that nothing will ever be as blue. 

“I want to keep it too, Harry. I want to raise it, too. I’m not going to leave you. You aren’t forcing me into anything. I can’t be forced into this. We made this m-fuck, I don’t want to say mistake. We created it together. It is both of our responsibility. Me real dad is a piece of shit, left like, a week after I was born. I don’t want to be that. I don’t want to be him. I