so at ease around him only makes his heart beat harder. Fangirls have always been a part of Toudou's life, even as an adult; having Tomoko frown at him the first time he'd asked her out and insist that it couldn't be until the weekend because of homework...well, it was honestly a little sexy.

“All sorts,” Tomoko answers, cracking open her second Asahi. “That's kind of a broad question. It can be anything from developing and researching medicine to protecting the environment to...you know, you can specialize in polymerization or nanomaterials,” she goes on, looking thoughtful. Toudou watches her, fascinated. “I'd like to develop medicine.”

“Medicine? Why?”

“What kind of question is that?” Tomoko laughs, nudging Toudou's head with her own. “What if I synthesize something that cures cancer?”

“So Tomocchi wants to save the world,” Toudou says slowly. Tomoko laughs harder. “That's really cute. As long as you don't mind that I'm only an innkeeper's son.”

Tomoko scoffs playfully. “Who says you're even part of the plan?”

Toudou flushes, but grins. Something about her feels familiar, and it comforts him.

*

A part of Toudou dreads his first double date with Makishima and Miho. There's no reason to, but well...he really,  really  wants Makishima to like Tomocchi. And Makishima is still weird after all this time, the kind of guy that doesn't ever  people  well. Which is bizarre, honestly, he managed a retail shop for damn near a year, talks with people day in and day out about why they chose to buy the psychedelic eye-bleed tights over the gold and black ones. But no, when it comes to important people, Makishima is still at a loss.

Introductions are made and drinks are ordered, easy conversation coming to the group. Tomoko, it seems, can get along with anyone; she listens with fascination to Makishima's stories of London, and even nods along enthusiastically when Miho breaks off into a long monologue about some game or another she's testing.

“What do you think?” Toudou whispers when the girls walk away to the bathroom. By all accounts, things are going well, but Makishima is unreadable as ever.

“She's nice,” Makishima says. He takes a long sip of his cocktail, expression guarded—not quite meeting Toudou's eyes. “It's about time you decided to settle down. The legacy isn't going to build itself.”

Toudou joins in Makishima's soft laughter. “I don't know about settling down…”

“Jinpachi, I've never heard more than a few words out of you about the girls you've dated,” Makishima says. “You must really like her.”

“I do, Maki-chan,” Toudou sighs, unable to keep the small smile off his face. “I really do. She's so...smart, and cute, and...I don't know, I've never felt like this.”

Something flashes in Makishima's eyes. As soon as Toudou catches it, it's gone. “Hold onto it, then. There's nothing worse than regret.”

Before Toudou can ask what Makishima means, the girls come back and sit. They talk into the night, sharing drinks and stories and companionship. When Toudou heads to the train station with Tomoko, he's still turning Makishima's words over in his head. Regret? Is there something that his Maki-chan regrets…?

*

On a cool spring day, Tomoko graduates, seemingly with every honor and accolade possible to receive. Toudou watches the ceremony, brimming with pride, and has to resist the urge to shake everyone around him and shout that that's  his girl.  Suddenly, a whole world feels open to him; without constant studying and projects, there's freedom to do  anything. 

“Glad that's over with,” Tomoko yawns later, wrapped in a sheet and nothing else. She smiles at Toudou, face a little pink, a little damp, and perfectly satisfied.

“...was it that bad?” Toudou teases, earning a smack on his arm from Tomoko.

“The  ceremony , Pachi-pachi,” Tomoko half sneers playfully. “You were acceptable.”

“Well, it's not all over,” Toudou laughs. He fumbles in his nightstand until his fingers find an envelope, then passes the pristine white paper to Tomoko. “I got you a gift.”

“Hehh?” Tomoko perks up slightly. Paper tears as she opens the envelope, then snorts. “30% off a weekend stay at Toudou-an retreat house? Gosh, Jinpachi. How can I  ever  repay you?”

“Hey, I don't hand those out to just anyone!”

“Thank you . I'll be sure to use it soon.”

“There's erh, more, actually,” Toudou says. Anticipation clenches his chest, excited smile on his lips. True