his mouth and licking his cock from base to tip. Moaning shamelessly, Sehun put his hand on Jongin’s head to urge him on, licking his lips. It was all the reassurance Jongin needed and without wasting time he closed his eyes while taking all of Sehun in his mouth, sucking enthusiastically and bobbing his head faster and faster. And whereas he wasn’t in position to compare with any other experience and couldn’t really tell if Jongin was good or not Sehun could at least tell his bestfriend was doing his best. He hadn’t bitten his dick yet so he was surely doing something right. Having someone else mouth on him was very pleasurable and Sehun regretted not doing it before. Well, it wasn’t like he had any proposition, his mind screamed at him. The slurping noises were a little off putting but they didn’t prevent Sehun from looking down, releasing a loud moan at the sight of Jongin’s red lips around his girth. Jongin opened his eyes and smiled around him, grazing his teeth on his sensitive skin with an evil glint in his gaze. The younger hissed at him and pushed his head down in retaliation forcing Jongin to deep throat him. He moaned and missed chocking before pulling off and licking Sehun’s slit. ‘Do that thing again !’ Sehun breathed, thrusting his hips forward. Jongin gripped his hips to immobilize him and relaxed his throat to engulf all of him tearing off a loud moan from the younger. Sehun came down his throat embarrassingly fast at the action but Jongin didn’t seem to mind, swallowing without protesting. It was their first experience with someone else after all. Jongin wiped his mouth, stopped the recording and smiled shyly at Sehun. ‘So, it wasn’t that bad right ?’ He asked softly. Sehun could only nod while hastily pulling up his boxers and pants, refusing to meet his bestfriend’s eyes. Jongin left a few minutes later, thanking him for his help and Sehun ended just mumbling a ‘you’re welcome’ without looking in his direction. Once he was alone, he sighed and jumped on his bed, defeated. He just let his bestfriend slash crush suck him off for the said crush to be able to go at a skins party and flirt with another guy. What a fucked up situation, he thought. ‘Guess what’ Jongin asked with a singsong’s voice. Sehun stared at him and resumed his eating, disinterested. His friend pouted and showed his phone in Sehun’s face. ‘I got the invitation !’ He announced proudly. When Sehun didn’t react, he sighed and sat down. ‘The party, I got in. Thanks to you !’ Sehun swallowed hard, suddenly concerned. ‘Are you really going ?’ ‘I showed the video to Chanyeol and he said I could go. He even said the guy – you - was lucky to have my cocksucking lips on his dick.’ He stated smugly. His grin faltered though when he saw his bestfriend’s expression. ‘Why are you looking at me like that ?’ ‘Is it…something you want to hear people say about you ? Do you want to be known and recognized as the dude who sucks dicks ?’ The younger inquired. ‘I mean…was it the only way for you to approach Chanyeol ?’ ‘You know I tried everything…’ Jongin mumbled. ‘Did you ever think that maybe…he…just wasn’t interested in you like that ?’ Sehun tried smoothly. Jongin stared at the table. ‘Am I not good enough ?’ He whispered. ‘You said I was good right ? I just need to suck Chanyeol off and he would like me then.’ Sehun sighed and didn’t say anything else. Nothing he could say would change Jongin’s way of thinking anyway. His bestfriend was stubborn and would only accept the truth if it came directly from Chanyeol’s mouth. Sehun knew it wouldn’t be pretty when it would happen but he would be here to collect the pieces of Jongin’s heart. He just wished he could prevent his bestfriend to get hurt. The skins party had surely begun while Sehun was sitting in his room, his phone in hand waiting for Jongin’s call. He hoped the older one wouldn’t have to call but in his heart he knew it was inevitable. Jongin was blinded by his feelings but Sehun wasn’t and he totally knew the type of person Chanyeol was. He would play around with Jongin and throw him away once he would be satisfied. It’s been weeks since he started playing with Jongin’s feelings, tonight something was bounded to happen, Sehun could sense it. The wait was unbearable. Jongin didn’t call but came to his house, throwing a rock at his window then climbing the wall to get in like he used to do. He was abnormally silent and didn’t look Sehun in the eyes. The younger watched him undress and slide in his bed, not sparing him a glance. Sehun sighed and joined him under the blanket, forcing him to face him. Jongin’s eyes were