pounding headache from my skull and drive home.


Home in this college town is an inter-species apartment complex set on the edge of the woods. My parents would have preferred an all human building, but the rent here was cheaper. And I don't particularly care if my neighbor goes for a run as a wolf during the full moon or goes out and buys packages of blood. Well, okay, vampires are a touchy subject with humans. But all the others (brownies, domovoi, fawns, selkies, harpies, werewolves, dwarves, etc.) don't bother me. They make the whole place more fun, to be honest. I am happy to be out of the dull all-human community that my parents live in. They still live in the medieval time before all of these creatures revealed themselves to us.


"Hey Maggie," my neighbor, Haruki, calls from his porch when I get out of my car. He is a baku – a Japanese spirit that feeds on nightmares. While he always looks human to me, I've looked up pictures of baku's true forms and they're pretty weird. I love living by him though, because I haven't had a complete nightmare since I moved in.


"Hey Haruki. How are you doing?" I ask, pausing at the entrance to the building.


"Pretty good. The vampire three doors down just had a nightmare. I think it's going to be a great night to eat," he replies. "What about you? School, right?"


I groan.


He laughs, his black eyes twinkling like stars in the fading light. "Don't have any homework related nightmares. I won't eat those."


"Alright."



That night I do not dream of textbooks, I dream of that centaur. He stands in a field with other centaurs, staring up at the stars. I am watching from the trees. He sees me and smiles, gesturing for me to come stand next to him. He points up at the stars.


"Do you see that set of stars? That's Cholesterol. See the carbon double bonded to oxygen? It's right there."


There's a snicker and the dream fades away. 	I wake with a start, and can here Haruki laughing outside my window. I open it and look out at him sitting on his porch. He grins at me.


"What's so funny?" I growl. My dream wasn't really a nightmare, but he ate it anyway.


"That's something I can totally see Forrest doing," he replies with a poorly contained snicker. "Chem test tomorrow?" Haruki asks with a smirk.


At least I didn't dream about textbooks. But then it clicks. "Wait? You know that centaur?"


"Of course! I am a Chem grad student. Forrest helps with my research," Haruki says, puffing up his chest. "And that wasn't Cholesterol; that was Stearic Acid."


"What did you say his name was?" I ask, ignoring the jibe. I know I am going to fail my test in a couple days. I don't need reminding.


"Forrest. Don't you know him?" the baku asks, his eyebrows furrowing. "He was in your nightmare after all."


"I met him at a coffee shop today," I reply. Forrest. What an original name for a centaur.


"Let me guess. Forrest was working and-" Haruki starts, and then turns away sniffing. "I'll be right back." I see the man I know slowly turn into a true baku and float away. I will get nothing more out of him tonight, so I go back to bed.


There is a phone number taped to my window when I wake up in the morning. Along with one line: Call him.


I growl at Haruki and get ready for class. That baku does not know how to keep his nose out of other people's business.



My university is not small by any standard, but summer session always feels smaller. I see the same people every day. It feels like there are only a couple hundred of us there. As I walk out of class, and towards the student union building, I notice Haruki leaning against one of its walls in the shade. He's looking hopefully at a couple of people sleeping under shade trees, but turns to me as I approach.


"This is unusual. I don't think I've ever talked to you on campus before," he says with a smile.


"Is that on purpose?" I ask.


He purses his lips and looks off into space for a few moments. "Not particularly," he finally says.


I nod. "Is seeing me today on purpose?"


"But of course!" he says with a grin. "You are coming on a hike with me. We're going to get you an O Chem tutor."


"Why won't you do it?" I ask as he grabs my wrist and lightly pulls me toward