lonely after she died, whenever that was. Slayers weren’t exactly known for their plentiful lifespans. “It’d have to be soon, I think.”

He looked at her, head tilted slightly as he reached out to cup her cheek. She hadn’t said anything, but he seemed to know. “Gonna live a good long time, Slayer-mine. You’ve love and support your sister-Slayers never got much of. Family and friends and a life beyond just fighting monsters. Even without all that, you’re a hell of a woman,” he said with a sincerity that touched her heart. He wasn’t just saying things to make her feel better. He believed it. “You’re right, though, needs to be soon. Any sprogs we have this way, they’ll be half slayer, yeah? The closer they are in age, the better they’ll be able to watch each other’s backs.”

Two – or possibly three – young slayers fighting side-by-side. She remembered the very brief experience of fighting with Kendra, and the somewhat longer one with Faith. The second slayer’s betrayal still stung, even after all this time. She’d had someone at her side who’d completely understood a part of her that no one else could; not even Spike, though he came very close. She wanted that for Thursday.

“I think I could handle it,” Spike said abruptly, “if you wanted to name the next sprog after your cousin. But… uh, there’s this play, by Shakespeare, you know? Called ‘As you Like It.’ Girl in it name of Celia who called herself Aliena while she was in exile. It, uh, means sunray.”

“I like it,” she said with a smile. It was a pretty name, and it would work nicely as a tribute to her cousin without being an upsetting reminder of Cecily for Spike.

“Could even be you carrying the next sprog.” He flashed her his sexiest smirk. “Get you in the right frame of mind beforehand, then give it a go with you feeling all submissive on me.”

Her eyes narrowed. “I see what this is,” she said in mock anger. “You don’t want more kids, you just want a chance to keep the ‘little woman’ barefoot and pregnant.”

He snorted, eyes gleaming with amusement. “Projecting, are we, Slayer? It’s you has the fetish about me being bare-legged and preggers.”

“Mmm…. Manskirt.” Her eyes glazed a bit as she thought back to when he’d been pregnant with Thursday. A sexy kilt and an equally sexy baby bump. He’d worn the kilt for her several times after, but she had to admit the thought of him carrying their child was a major turn on. The thought of her doing it was probably just as much as a turn on for him. “Okay. When it’s a better time, I’ll do it.”

“I’ll take good care of you,” he promised, all trace of joking gone as he entwined the fingers of one hand with hers. “I’ll….” His eyes widened slightly in dismay. “Bollocks,” he muttered. “Has to be me, pet. Don’t actually mind, honestly, but would have been nice to be the one carin’ for you.”

“Huh?” Buffy frowned in confusion, not understanding the sudden turn around. She liked the idea of him being pregnant more than her, but she was willing to do it.

“Human blood.”

Oh. Right. She was pretty sure she had all of her memories back – though she wouldn’t really know that, would she? – but that had somehow slipped her mind. Spike had needed both human food and human blood while he carried Thursday. Buffy would need the same if she was the one pregnant with Aliena. She wrinkled her nose in disgust at the thought. Ew. Yeah, no human blood for her.

“I like the idea of you having kid number two,” she said quietly. “That means I’ll have a chance to treat you right from the very beginning. No being beaten, and no being chained up in my room.” She thought about that for a moment. “Well, no being chained up as a way to keep you prisoner, anyway.”

“That so, Slayer?” he murmured huskily, eyes dark with rekindled desire.

She wanted to pin him down and make hot, wild love to him. She knew they shouldn’t. They had to deal with… with Willow. It wasn’t mindless worship that made her reluctant – that was gone thankfully – but the fact that, despite things getting kind of rocky lately, Willow was her friend. Or had been. Surely things wouldn’t implode if she hid from the reality of it all just long enough for a quickie, right?

“Hey!” Dawn called up from the lower level. “Are you two done