and feelings were all very euphoric, and he knew that when he jerked off during previous migraines that the whole body chemical thing worked for him… NO. STOP. UGH. FUCK. Yeah, fuck, do that, do that thing, right here, right nowwwwwoooooNO.

Karkat was completely unaware of this inner struggle Sollux was currently having, simply sitting there, frowning, and wondering if there was anything he could do to help. The thought was thrown away though, when Sollux sat up, glaring over to him.

“The fuck is that look fo-!!” Before he could even finish his sentence Sollux had crushed their lips together. Pushing himself to freedom Karkat stared wide eyed at Sollux, who took the moment to climb on top of the bewildered Karkat. “What the hell!? I fucking thought you were dying two seconds ago!!”

“Fuck me, now, right now.”

“What?!”

“I told you before, chemicals, better, fuck me, now.”

Oh… OH!! Okay, well, sure it was weird, and fast and okay Sollux was now nibbling at his neck and oh, OH! Well… He DID come over to help right? Fuck, yeah, that’s what they were going to do, fuck, fuck, okay, get it together Karkat. You, got this? Yes. Yes. Oh man he was suckling now and okay, okay, okay, right. Fuck. This was getting hot. Yes. Okay. He could totally get into this, and there went his shirt, he could have used some warning there Sollux.

“Fuck, give a troll some warning!”

Sollux didn’t respond, taking off his own shirt next before leaning in to nibble over Karkat’s newly bared skin. Aaah, okay, yeah, that was a good apology right there. Swallowing down Karkat ran a hand up to tangle it in through Sollux’s hair, curling fingers around one set of horns as Sollux continued to nip and chew over his collar bone and chest.

“Pants. Now.”

Oh shit he said something… “What?”

“Get your pants off fucker, now, right now, and fast. NOW.”

Damn, Sollux was never much for being in charge, even during their blackest moments, and Karkat had to admit, it was pretty sexy. With Sollux pulling off to stand and remove his own pants, Karkat stayed back on the couch, shimmying out of his jeans and underwear, letting them rest on the floor and his newly naked ass on the couch cushions.

Once they were both in the buff, Sollux looked Karkat over, examining him slowly before licking over his lower lip and sitting right back down in Karkat’s naked lap. Sitting on his Karkat again, that’s right HIS Karkat, at least until the next night, Sollux returned to nibbling over his shoulders and neck, grinding his bony ass down against Karkat’s lap while a hand reached up to cling at Karkat’s shoulder. His other hand was being dragged down Karkats chest and stomach, eventually resting at where their bodies met. He slowly moved back to sit further on Karkat’s thighs, moving his spare hand once more to spread his thumb out and press it down against the soft flesh near Karkat’s nook and bulge sheath.

Squeezing Karkat’s upper thigh he felt Karkat’s hand return to his horns, letting out a heavy relaxing sigh against Karkat’s soft neck skin. Yeah, this was gonna work, this was really gonna work...  He moved his hand on Karkat’s thigh upward, running his thumb over the other troll’s shaft lightly, teasing it tenderly before pressing down to squish against the emerging bulge.

Oh holy hell, Sollux really knew how to get him going, Karkat couldn’t deny that. Hopefully he still knew how to reciprocate the action, using his fingertips to rub against the bases of Sollux’s horns while his spare hand trailed over his backside, stopping to squeeze that ass of his. Grinning at the light whimper he had elicited, Karkat continued to slide his hand over Sollux’s flesh, eventually reaching his nook. Licking over his own lips, grunting at Sollux teased his bulge into the open, he lightly danced his thumb over the quickly heating flesh outside Sollux’s opening. Returning the light fingering Sollux was using on him, Karkat grinned around his tongue between his teeth, feeling a small warmth drip onto his hand.

“Wet already you shit? Hah.”

“You’re not one to fucking talk jackass,” Sollux snorted out against his throat, his entire slender hand now encasing Karkat’s fully unsheathed shaft. The squirming red bulge thrived against Sollux’s hand, quivering at his touch, begging to be nearly strangled with tight squeezes and warmth that a hand could hardly supply to its desire. It wasn’t time yet, not yet, Sollux, who was infamous for how tight he constantly was, still needed some decent preparation first.

With that in mind Karkat curled his hand, twisting it to allow a pair of fingers proper positioning to worm their way inside the