After all, Winter reminded Bucky, love was a liability, too. It was out of love that Nick earned the curse that cut his heart wholly from his body, and made him forget. They could not afford to forget anything anymore. Best to walk away before there was trouble, to evade any kind of a fight.

Winter let Bucky have his pictures, his sketches, his notes, the bits and pieces of Steve they could carry with them in the small bag that was their only lingering possession in the world. It kept Bucky quiet, as much as anything could keep a man whose throat had more than once bled from screaming quiet in his mind.

Steve had friends, and for that Bucky was grateful. The most constant companion since the failure of their Final Mission was the FALCON, the Man with the Wings, the one reports said was able to bring a knife to a gun fight and win. Winter had tried to kill FALCON at least twice, and both times he had lived, which wasn’t a thing many could claim. Bucky thought he was very brave, and, with the way he trailed doggedly after Steve in spite of Steve being incredibly stupid, he must be very loyal. His was the only call sign they bothered to remember.

There was THE SPY, who Winter told Bucky was another ghost. She and Winter had a history, and Winter’s orders for Bucky were to avoid her, though he could only ignore her at their peril. She was THE SPY because, of all the spies Winter had ever known, she was the best. She was a formidable opponent, like FALCON. She was dangerous, because she was not enough afraid of him to keep her distance. She would come in closer than others dared. He had shot her, once. At the bridge, she had broken his goggles. Bucky was glad she wanted to protect Steve.

There was a MONSTER, who was only a monster sometimes, and other times seemed to regret it as much as Winter regretted himself, maybe even as much as Bucky did. There were the OLD SPY, the DEMIGOD, the ARCHER, and the WITCH, who were, for Winter and Bucky, largely unknown entities, for all Bucky and Winter agreed OLD SPY was largely a pain in the ass.

There was the ROCKET MAN- Bucky and Winter would not let themselves think of the ROCKET MAN. He was powerful, but broken, and part of the brokenness was one of the many strikes that Winter and Bucky could not reconcile with what passed between them as a conscience. ROCKET MAN had a lot of money, and a FLYING SOLDIER who would protect him as fiercely as Bucky had protected Steve, before Winter was needed.

AGENT was a null file. Winter kept her from Bucky’s awareness as best he could. She was elderly, dying. It would bring up other echoes of people Winter vaguely knew from mission reports that Bucky was less inclined to recall, as the old friends’ blood did not all stain Winter and Bucky’s hands, other than-

Access Denied. There was no time for that cycle of thoughts today, not now.

Bucky and Winter Soldier have an insomnia routine. It's like Abbott and Costello, but less funny, and with cursing.


Go back to sleep.




Bucky was getting used to talking to himself. He hadn't had time to notice the habit as it was developing, and now it was unbreakable.


Go back to sleep.



I'm not sleepy. I'm thinking too hard.



This is wasteful. Sleeping is required.


Bucky rolled off his mattress on to his palms and toes and began to do push ups. When the barest hint of sweat began to pool in the small of his back, he tucked the back of his left fist into it and did the pushups one handed. Relying too much on his left hand made him feel like a lopsided crab.


Go back to sleep.


He damned well knew he could not go back to sleep. Reading on his tablet was out, too, backlighting would just make his insomnia worse. Light pouring into his brain when his eyes were trying to close reminded him of the chair.

Sleeping reminded him of the freezer.


Regardless, sleeping is required.


Bucky wrinkled his nose, then repositioned himself for sit ups with his hands in fists against his chest. His back protested for the first forty-seven, then resigned itself to its usual tortured humming. Having metal studded along one's spine was inconvenient. He tried not to think about it too hard.


Hypervigilance and cyclical thoughts are the root of the insomnia.


Bucky really wished his headmate would find a less robotic tone of voice, but at the same time he was grateful for it. Obviously, they were too paranoid to sleep, but the paranoia was not unfounded. THE SPY had leaked HYDRA's files to the world, so eventually they would not just be a secret to which only a few people were party. Eventually, the world would figure out that they existed to be sought after, and once they got done dredging the wreckage of the airships from INSIGHT