tries to go for a reasonable and confident voice. “Look, I just...” He fails, of course, and can already feel the warmth spreading to his ears. Stupid sexy Squip. Wait, did he just think that? “I don’t think this is healthy. Keeping it all inside, I mean. Sometimes I feel like I’m going to explode. And I can’t concentrate on any of... this.” he finishes lamely, waving towards his textbooks and notes.

There is no reply for a while, and Jeremy cannot bring himself to look up. Oh no, he’s upset and he’s going to make me do even more push ups than usual... 

“Well... I suppose there’s some sense in your argument.” The Squip finally says. He then stands up and offers his hand to Jeremy, who apprehensively takes it. “Let’s take a break from schoolwork, shall we?”

“O-okay?”

He leads him to bed and Jeremy just stares at him confused until he feels the Squip’s hand on his thigh. “W-what are you doing?”

“I’m helping you relax. Were you not complaining about keeping it all inside a few seconds ago?” Jeremy’s eyes widen and the Squip removes the hand. “But if you’re not interested...”

 

“I am! Please, hm. Proceed.” He can feel the blood rush back in full force to his face and to his groin. It doesn’t go unnoticed of course, and the Squip smirks as he pushes Jeremy to lie down and straddles him. “Will this... do anything for you?”

“No, I am merely assisting you. I can choose to feel what you feel, but I don’t think that is necessary in this case.”

“Oh... But... If I’m doing this I want my partner to also feel good...”

“I’m a computer, Jeremy, I don’t need to feel good. However, I am pleasantly surprised that is a concern of yours, considering the kind of pornography you used to watch.” he says, rolling his hips when Jeremy speaks. 

“What’s wrong with my, ah...! with my porn...?”

“Oh, so many things... But in regard to this situation, I meant that the women are very obviously faking it.”

“They are?”

“... Yes, Jeremy. How are they supposed to feel any pleasure if the men only try to pleasure themselves? If you truly care for what your partner is feeling, you must actively look for what they are turned on by,” the Squip kisses his jaw, his neck, “explore their body and...” he continues, as his hand goes under Jeremy’s shirt, “...pay attention to their reactions...”, he pinches his nipple, leading to a gasp, “... like this.” He plays with it until it is fully hard, and Jeremy bites his lip in an attempt to muffle the undignified whine that comes out.

“Please... I want you to feel turned on too...”

“Fine.” He concedes. The boy pulls him closer and the Squip lets out a surprised moan as he bites down on Jeremy’s neck. “I was planning to give you a lesson about foreplay, but you don’t need to be any more aroused than you already are, do you...”

Jeremy grinds against him in response and he moans into his human’s neck again. “It’s much harder to concentrate this way, are you sure you-“

“Just do it.” He then stares at him intensely. Speaks like he doesn’t care about his own death. Or tries to, at least. “Suck me off.”

The Squip looks at him in surprise and it’s almost cute, before a sly smile appears on his face. “Oh. You’re learning.” He moves down and bites him softly over his jeans, making Jeremy whimper. “Get rid of these.”

Jeremy quickly obeys, throwing the jeans and boxers to the floor. He spreads his legs and hates himself for not remembering ever feeling as aroused as he does right now, with the Squip looking at his erection, face flushed and lips slightly parted, seemingly unsure of what to do next.

“I know exactly what I’m doing, Jeremy. My database has plenty of references to chose from.”

 

He can’t believe he’s actually having sex with his computer.

 

“So, if you blow me, is it like blowing yourself?”

“Not exactly.”

“What is it like then?”

“We’re about to find out. Now be quiet, I’m trying to work here.” He positions himself better and gives him an experimental lick from the base to the tip, not breaking eye contact, and Jeremy digs his nail into the bed cover. It makes the Squip look awfully smug for someone who has also never done this before.

Holding him with one hand, the Squip licks his lips and gives him a wet kiss before slowly taking him in. Just the tip at first