He was getting all of my most sensitive spots and driving me wild. “AH! LOU! Fuck!” I moaned out. “Shit, suck my dick baby!” I looked down and DAMN IT! He was peeking up at me with hooded blue eyes and it looked so good. He had hollowed cheeks and his swollen pink lips wrapped around my dick. His hair was half spiked up in different directions and half down, slicked to his forehead with sweat and it’s just so perfect. “You’re so beautiful, Lou” I tell him breathlessly. He smiles a bit around me. “I want you to fuck me, Louis” I pant out, my voice husky with lust, and his eyes get darker. “Fuck me hard into this mattress,” and his eyes go another shade darker. “I don’t wanna be able to walk right for a week” then he growls around my dick and pulls off.

“Damn it, Josh, you know when you talk like that I wanna just pound into you relentlessly!”

“Do it.”

“What?”

“Do it. Don’t even prepare. I’ll take you babe”

“Fuck,” he moans lowly then he’s tearing my shorts and boxers the rest of the way off together, throwing them to join our shirts, quickly followed by his own. The sight of his hard dick springing up leaking and throbbing causes my own dick to twitch. He jerks a few times to smear as much pre-cum as he can gather down his shaft and he presses the tip to my hole. He guided my legs to rest on his shoulders and gripped my hips to hold me still as he pushed into me. His long, thick dick filled me up quickly. Pain tore through my entire body as he sat frozen in place to give me a chance to adjust to him.

“Babe move, I can take the pain” I whispered.

“You sure love? I don’t wanna hurt you.”

“Fuck me hard, I wanna feel you in me long after we’ve stopped.”

“Ung,” he grunted then pulled out almost all the way and shoved back into me full force, filling me up. Again and again, in and out. I felt the pain fading, immediately replaced with the best pleasurable sensations as he began hitting my hot spot he knew so well.

“Ah yes!” I shouted out. “Right there Lou! Harder, faster!” My breaths were shallow and heavy. I was panting and moaning. Swearing and letting everyone know who was making me sound like this.

“Fuck. Yeah baby. I love how you take my dick. You love it when I stretch you out like this.”

My thoughts were incoherent. I didn’t care how loud I was being or what a wrecked mess I sound like. I don’t even have to touch my cock. I know he’s gonna have me cumming without the extra friction. Louis was pounding into my body with all of his energy, hitting that spot every time he pushed in. Sweet moans, grunts, and swears were spilling from those beautiful lips of his. My stomach began to heat up, sweat dripping off of our bodies and his thrusting was becoming ragged. Our eyes locked and, like always, I got lost in the endless blue oasis he calls eyes. A smile broke out on his face and he swooped his head down to meet my lips in a passionate kiss. He slowed his thrusts and our breathing began to match each other in a perfect rhythm.

“I love you so much baby.” It came out as near breathless whispers between thrusts, but hearing those words from him always warms my heart.

“I love you too, Louis. You’re my world.” I whisper back sounding the same.
His thrusts became slow and passionate as we gazed into each other’s eyes. Our faces were changing from smiles, to contorting in pleasure and back again. I knew the feeling in my stomach as he thrust four more times and “AH LOUIS!” I shouted as hot spurts of cum shot from my cock, all over our chests, some hitting our chins from cumming so hard. He moaned at the sight and my ass was clenching around him the he came deep inside of my body with a shout of my name. He rode out our orgasms with a few sloppy thrusts. I was breathing fast, desperately trying to get enough air back into my lungs so I could breathe normally. He gently pulled out and kissed my forehead when I winced from sensitivity.

He shakily hovered over me for a few moments, also catching his breath, with his forehead resting on my chest. He rolled off gently and I instantly curled my body into his, not caring about the mess that was still spread over our chests and bellies. He wrapped his arms around me to pull me in even closer and held me. I put my forehead into his neck and took a deep breath then smiled into him. He let out a small chuckle.

“Hey, what’s funny babe?” I lightly