Wha- Ruby?" Weiss's head appeared over the side of the bed, bleary-eyed. "Ruby relax, relax it's just me!" she said quickly, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Are you... are you alright?"

"I... I think so." Ruby untangled herself from the blankets as she climbed back onto the bed, rewrapping herself, and giving one to Weiss. "Why..." Ruby's eyes widened and she blushed. "Why are we in the same bed?"

Weiss looked away, trying to hide the spreading redness in her own cheeks. "I didn't want to leave you alone." she said carefully. "You were unconscious and cold and Yang had no idea what to do, so I told her I would watch you as she got some rest."

"But... why are we in the same bed?"

"Did you listen to a word I said? I didn't want to leave you, you dunce!"

"R... right." Ruby wrapped her arms round herself, burying her face in her pillow. "Thanks. For being here."

Weiss stared pointedly at the ceiling, not daring to look at Ruby. "You're... I'm happy to be here." Closing her eyes, Weiss tossed her blanket over the other girl, rolling onto her side. Happy to be there... Weiss didn't want to acknowledge how true those words were.

 

 

The last thing Weiss expected when she awoke was a face snuggled into her shoulder, and she could make neither heads nor tails of the tangle of limbs with which Ruby had bound them together. Weiss closed her eyes as she held Ruby, laying back her head and smiling. She could be- Stiffening, it was all Weiss could do not to throw the sleeping girl off her. She had to leave, she had to get out of the town, she was leaving as soon as soon as Myrtenaster was repaired. She refused to acknowledge she had no idea where to go, aside from somewhere people didn't know her, couldn't associate her with her father's company. She didn't want to be driven out of the town. She had no choice. Weiss had to leave before that happened.

Breathing deeply, Weiss forced her body to relax. The last thing she wanted was for Ruby to wake up. Closing her eyes, Weiss wrapped her arms around the brunette, closing her eyes. She could enjoy the moment while it lasted, at the very least.

Ruby woke a few minutes later. "Mmmm..." she snuggled into Weiss, eyes still closed. "Hey."

"Good morning..." Weiss murmured.

"Thanks for staying with me."

"You're..." Weiss pursed her lips. "You're welcome." She muttered. "It was my pleasure." Weiss looked away. She hated being the one to suggest getting up. She hated being the one the break the embrace, pulling away. She hated hurrying from the room, trying to put as much distance between them as possible. Fleeing the house, Weiss hated her father for dying, she hated the company for being her inheritance, and she hated herself for running away.

 

 

Weiss was slumped over in Myrtenaster, soaked through, when Yang opened the shed.

"I can't say I'm surprised that this is where you disappeared to. The way you talk about her... you really love her don't you? She's your rock, your unicorn who keeps you safe. We've been careful with her, don't worry. What do you think so far?"

"How... what's the fastest time you can have her ready? Forgetting about the luxuries, or making her look nice, how fast can you make her seaworthy? I'll pay any extra costs."

Yang blinked. "Where's this coming from? I thought you liked it here, and you've really hit it off with Ruby. She'd hate to see you leave."

"Please... just answer the question."

"Probably... about a week? If I can get Sun to help, anyway. Why? What's happening?"

"Nothing I... I just need to leave. You won't tell Ruby, will you?"

"Of course I'm telling Ruby! Aside from Blake and Jaune you're her probably best friend!"

"Jaune's the blond boy, right? Swaps between lacking in confidence and having far too much?"

"That's him. You've met?"

"He came by the shop once while you were out."

"You should meet his girlfriend. That skinny thing's dating the most athletic girl in the town. She could run anyone into the ground. You'd be surprised how suited they are."

"Really? No, please just... make Myrtenaster seaworthy. I'll pay whatever it takes to get Sun to help."

"Alright... but I'm telling Ruby when I get home. She's working on Crescent Rose right now, could you take that