He “accidentally” shifted back which created a small amount of friction but it had Hinata gasping. Shorter boy took this as a good sign to keep grinding forward while kissing the back of Kenma’s neck. Whether he got a response or not at this point did not matter, he was just going to have fun. His hand strayed to the front of Kenma’s loose sweatpants, which coincidentally weren’t so loose anymore, and began lightly rub the area. That was the first time Kenma let out a noise. It was ripped from him so it wasn’t exactly pretty, but Hinata did not care whatsoever. He got a bit more adventurous and his hand slipped past the waistband of the sweatpants and palmed Kenma through his boxers. Kenma paused the game because you really can’t play when your vision is blurry. His voice sounded weird to him and he had no clue he was even moaning until he heard “Shouyou” fall from his lips.

	“Do I have your attention now?”

	Cheeky punk. Kenma, with some difficultly, unpaused the game and resumed his slaying of monsters. He wasn’t sure what he was doing but Hinata being so dominant made him do utterly stupid things. He was going to die and like hell he’d saved at any point so he was going to have to do an enormous amount of work later, but holy shit it was worth it. Hinata moved his hand out of his pants and dragged them slowly against his backside, and gave a light squeeze. Now he never does this often, to his knowledge, but Kenma squeaked. He could feel the blood spread to his cheeks and to the tips of his ears. Sure he was trying to tease his boyfriend, but that was mortifying. The light groping grew firmer and firmer until Kenma paused the game again. Without the music he could tell they were both panting hard. He was about to give up with the game playing act when surprisingly the spot on the bed got lighter. He peeked over his shoulder and Hinata was gone. He heard some things being shuffled about until he heard a satisfied giggle. Suddenly his sunshine like partner was holding certain bottle in his face.

	“You can go back to playing your game if you want…I’ll kinda be doing the same thing.”

	Flirty Hinata was definitely best Hinata at the moment. He nonchalantly unpaused the game, but his stomach was a quivering mess of anticipation. He couldn’t tell if his hands were shaking or if he was even breathing…this was too much. He really needed the game to be a distraction now.  His legs felt colder and then Kenma realized his pants had be completely taken off leaving him in a shirt and tight underwear. He only felt the underwear for a split second until they joined his pants on the edge of the bed. He wasn’t sure of how he got his clothes off but Kenma was glad he did, less awkward work for him. He turned the music up louder to the max setting so he didn’t hear the sound of cap being flipped open or the squirt of lube onto a certain boy’s fingers. It worked until he felt a cold digit pressed at his entrance. His mouth opened and formed to a small “O”. It didn’t hurt but it felt super weird to him. He rarely bottomed…maybe 3 weeks had been the last time, so he wasn’t as loose as he could’ve been. The index finger slid out about ¾’s of the way before slowly going back in. Kenma’s poker face was faltering. He wasn’t even pressing buttons now, because Hinata was searching for his. His character was getting destroyed and he quickly regained his senses in just enough time to counter the monster. He sighed in relief, he wasn’t sure why. Another finger made its way inside shattering the relief and created a dull burn in Kenma. It wasn’t in a painful way, but more of a “just fuck me already” burn. He wasn’t going to say that verbatim…but maybe his small whines gave Hinata that idea because he picked up his pace while fingering him. Somehow Kenma had found a save point while Hinata was still stretching him and lightly touching his prostate. How Kenma was even aware he had a game console in his hand was unknown. Hinata had moved onto three fingers. Kenma felt something wet on his chin. It was his drool, and not only was that gross but it turned him on more. Suddenly the pressure went away, and his wail was louder than his PSP.

	“I thought you were playing Monster Hunter or am I too distracting?” Hinata chuckled.

	He was being teased now, and what a lovely turn of events. Hinata kissed the back of his neck sweetly as if he were trying to calm him down for some reason. Kenma understood the reason when he felt something different from fingers at his entrance. A hard push later and Hinata was about half-way inside of him and the console was half-way out of Kenma’s hands. It was definitely