school.”

“Sounds like a plan.”

“Tired?”

Jared nods and curls up against Jensen, burying his face into the crook of his neck. “Jen, how come everyone knows you?”

Jensen sighs, “I was the school fag. Everyone seems to have gotten over it by now but still. That’s how I’m so known.”

“That’s horrible.”

“Yeah.” He smiles and says, “At least you don’t know me as the school fag, right?”

Jared lets out a laugh, pressing his lips to Jensen’s jaw, lacing their fingers together.

Jensen whispers, “You know what my mom told me?”

“What?”

He looks sad and continues, “She told me that its weird for me to be so close to you. That maybe I should get some friends my age. But you know what I said to her, Jared? I told her to fuck off and mind her own business. She was pretty pissed but I really don’t care.”

“Jensen—”

“Listen, you’re my best friend. That’s never going to change.”

Jared squeezes his hand tightly, “Thanks.”

“Hey—uh. Can I kiss you?”

Jared nods and Jensen tries to be as gentle as possible, his warm hands coming up to cup his face and his soft lips pressing against Jared’s. He doesn’t rush it, lets it go lazy and slow with Jared making happy noises against his mouth. He knows Jared’s never been kissed and he wants him to remember this for the rest of his life.

Jensen pulls away, “Spend the night?” After that, he definitely can’t sleep alone. Can’t push Jared away.

“Yeah.” Jared never wants to leave Jensen’s bed. “What’s for dinner?”

Jensen shrugs and reaches over to his nightstand, pulling out some food he keeps stashed in there for late night snacks, “Potato chips and brownies.”

“Nice.” Jared shoves his hand into the bag of chips, grabbing a handful and putting them all in his mouth.

Unable to resist the urge, Jensen leans forward and licks the salty taste from Jared’s lower lip, “I had to.”

“I had no problem with it.” He pops a brownie into his mouth, eyes darting to the television screen for a moment, “This movie sucks. That chick,” he points to the blonde girl on the screen and says, “trips over a branch and then gets stabbed in the back.” As if right on cue, the girl falls, gets murdered, and Jared starts laughing. “Well that’s pretty much every horror movie ever summed up.”

Jensen joins him, cracking up and almost choking on his brownie. “You watch too much TV.”

Jared retorts, “So do you!” He practically lives at Jensen’s house, saying he watches too much TV is true, but Jensen watches the same amount.

Jensen moves the food out of the way and rolls on top of Jared, running his hands up his sides and lifting his shirt, kissing him hard. He rubs circles into Jared’s stomach, sliding his tongue along his mouth. Jared fists his hands in Jensen’s shirt, whimpering and trying to rut up against him.

“God, Jared.” Jensen says, “Stay with me, yeah?”

Jared nods and groans when Jensen rolls his hips down, “Oh fuck.”

Jensen shushes him, “My mom’s across the hall.” He nips at Jared’s neck, “Gotta try to keep quiet.” His breath hits Jared’s ear as he whispers, “If you want me to stop, say so. And we can just go back to watching TV and forget this ever happened, okay?”

“Yeah. Don’t stop.” Jared’s had a ridiculous crush on Jensen since they were little and Jensen promised that they were going to get married. He gave Jared a rose from his mother’s garden and kissed him on the cheek before going back inside and announcing to everyone that they were going to marry each other.

Jensen makes circular movements with his hips and has Jared shuddering under him, throbbing in his jeans. Jensen’s kisses turn sloppy and soon they’re desperately grinding against each other, trying to get off. Jared’s clawing his hands down Jensen’s back, on the edge. It’s when Jensen palms his cock through the denim of his pants that Jared loses it, coming in his boxers, the wet patch seeping through. His body shakes and he throws his head back, breaths coming out raggedly.

Jensen pants against his collarbone, stilling and letting out a muffled moan. “Oh shit.” He cards his fingers through Jared’s hair and asks, “You good?”

“Mhm.”

Jensen lets out a short laugh and nuzzles his nose into the crook of Jared’s neck, sucking on the skin there. Jared sighs happily and curls his hand loosely around Jensen’s wrist, sleepy and sated.

Sometime through the night