.   His plans were being delayed, Misa had apparently decided that “movie night” was code for “touchy-feely time”, and L had managed to turn the movie into a game of lets-watch-Light’s-reactions-to-every-tiny-thing-and-somehow-prove-that-he-is-Kira. He glanced over at L, and sure enough, L was staring at him again, his huge unblinking black eyes fixed on his favorite suspect while he took bites of candy, never breaking eye contact as Light looked at him.

L stared at him some more.  “Light, do you think it’s possible that Pooka exist?”

“Don’t be ridiculous, Ryuuzaki.”

“Hmm, until yesterday, I thought that Shinigami couldn’t possibly exist either.”  He paused in thought some more.  “Do you think that Kira could have collaborated with a Pooka as well?  I wonder if Shinigami and Pooka can see each other.”

Light ground his teeth.  He was certain that L was indulging in such pointless musings just to mess with him.  It was dammed annoying.  He glanced back at the movie.  Elwood was happy as always. Light wondered what would have happened if Elwood had met up with Ryuk instead of Harvey.

He could practically hear the hypothetical dialogue:

“Well, I’ll be, a Shinigami, I’ve never heard of that one before.  That’s very impressive; you ought to be proud of yourself.  Yes, sir, very impressive indeed.  Wait until I tell the boys at Charlie’s.  Hey, that reminds me, would you like to get a drink?”

Light wondered if Ryuk liked hard apple cider, and why he had never thought to try.  But then again a drunken Ryuk would  be harder to control than a sober Ryuk.  

The invisible friend and…if only L was as interested in alcohol as he was sugar.  Come to think of it, all it would take is some yeast and a few weeks to ferment some of L’s sweets. The fruit anyway.  Light doubted that any micro-organism could live in the concentration of sugar that most of L’s concoctions had.  Light laughed out loud at the absurdity of the whole situation.

“What do you find amusing, Yagami-kun?”

“I’m watching the movie, it’s normal for someone to laugh at a funny part in a movie.   Weren’t you paying attention?”

L mumbled under his breath and shifted in his chair.

They continued watching the movie, with Misa only interrupting once to comment that of course she did not have eyes for anyone but Light, but even then, none of the men in this movie were good-looking.  The only good looking character was the nurse.

Light briefly wondered if maybe he could foist Misa off onto another girlfriend someday.

Light resumed watching the movie and plotting Elwood’s imaginary death. Maybe he could try to kill Harvey off too, just to see whether or not the Death Note worked on non-humans.

Light was almost entirely certain Elwood’s family would be better off without him.

x

 


 Years ago my mother used to say to me, she'd say, "In this world, Elwood, you must be" – she always called me Elwood – "In this world, Elwood, you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant." Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.


x

“We should have invited Matsuda to watch this movie with us,” L  sarcastically  remarked while stuffing twenty-three lollipops into his mouth.

By the end of the movie,  Light was sniffing.  He had wanted to kill off Elwood at first since the man had seemed so useless, but now he realized that he had misjudged the man. Even Elwood’s sister had tearfully realized that she loved him as he was.  

What if Light had made similar errors in his judgements as Kira?  He thought of the families of the judged, crying for their loved ones.  Were they really necessary sacrifices? Maybe some of the former criminals had been about to reform.   And he had taken that chance away from them forever.  

A tear welled out of the corner of his eye.

L was grinning at him.  “I didn’t realize Yagami-kun had such a soft side,” he snidely remarked.

Light turned away.   “Just leave me alone,” he practically sobbed.

“Light, what’s the matter?”  Misa asked.

Light paused in his misery to look at Misa.  Kira had avenged her parents’ deaths.  But that hadn’t changed anything.  Misa was still alone and traumatized and desperately clung to him.  He had used her, and a small but insistent part of him knew that was wrong.

“I’m fine, Misa, that was just, uh, an emotional ending to the movie, huh?”

x

Light was surprisingly quiet and subdued as they got ready for bed.

“Did Harvey bring back memories of your “imaginary friend” Yagami-kun?” L asked.

Light sniffed and