, what the hell? Forcing a smile onto his face and hoping he didn't look as much like a shadow of his usual self as he felt, he sauntered up to the bar, ordered a drink of something that appeared to be smoking, and turned to the two women next to him. "Hello, ladies!" They smiled back, which he took for encouragement, forced his smile up a notch, and absolutely did not glance at Keith's reflection in the mirror above the bar.

An hour later, he was on his fifth conversation with a beautiful person and his third drink of something that he wasn't entirely sure he should be drinking while he was working, but he was having a hard time caring anymore. Movement out of the corner of his eye caught his attention, and he faked a stretch to turn his head towards Keith, who he had in no way been watching out of his peripheral vision all night. Keith let his gaze pass over Lance without any sign of recognition and gave him the signal that he had something before pushing back from the table. The woman he'd been talking to wore an expression of disappointment as Keith made some sort of excuse and backed away, unnatural smile still on his face. Lance felt a vicious surge of something like satisfaction that was petty and not really fair because his issues weren't the poor woman's fault. 

He took a deep breath and was considering ordering another drink because fuck it, their work was mostly done for tonight and suddenly he felt almost claustrophobic at the thought of retreating to the room he was sharing with Keith and had wanted to escape to all night because Keith was there and what the hell was in these drinks, anyway?

The woman Keith had been talking to glided up and sank down onto the bar stool next to him. Lance glanced at her and decided that she was pretty with that almost-but-not-quite human sort of vibe the people on this planet put out. It was both reassuring and vaguely unsettling at the same time for some reason Lance couldn't quite put his finger on. It was the eyes, he decided as she smiled at him. The pupils were all wrong, slits instead of circles. Or maybe it was the flattened cheekbones. There was just something that screamed "alien" even more than the life forms that looked like what his brain would call alien, maybe because of all the similarities.

"Your friend seems to have left me," she told him, raising a hand towards the bartender to order another drink.

"Who?"

The girl turned and pinned him with a look that made his face heat up. Right. Only two humans in the bar. Of course they'd know each other. Why were they pretending to not know each other? Who's stupid idea had that been. He should probably say something.

"Um, yeah. Keith does that."

"Mmm." She tilted her head to the side and looked him up and down before an almost frighteningly predatory smile appeared on her face. "I think you'll do, though. Are all of your people so pretty?"

Lance reached for the new drink that had appeared before him, because holy crow. "Well, um..." He took a drink to give himself time to think, ignoring the amusement in her eyes while silently berating himself. Real smooth, Lance. Thank god Pidge isn't here.

Her smile lightened with her amusement, her eyes twinkling in the low lights as she watched him over the rim of her glass.

He leaned back in his chair, shooting for nonchalance as he turned to fully face the woman next to him, because this was obviously a sure thing. And that's what he wanted, wasn't it? Besides, she was the last person Keith spoke to, so maybe he could get some more information from her. No need to let Keith have all the glory.

"Let's start over." He shot for the cheeky grin that usually got him out of trouble with anyone female when he was a kid (excluding his mother, because nothing ever got by her) and hoped for the best. "Hi, I'm Lance. And you are?"

"Amara." She set her drink down on the bar and gazed up at him through her lashes. Lance briefly wondered who was manipulating who here, but at least he was feeling sufficiently focused for the first time all night.

They talked about nothing through the rest of their drinks. He didn't learn anything that sounded useful, and frustration was starting to kick in because that obviously meant that Keith was better at this than him and fuck that. No matter how pretty Keith was there was no way he was better at working a crowd and picking up information. It was just that he felt so off his game tonight, which he was pretty sure was all Keith's fault. He was considering ordering another drink because it was awesome- whatever it was- when the conversation suddenly veered back to the topic that was the source of his current mental state.

"So, does