.  When he was very young he almost thought of them as his mother’s pets.  Some kind of fantasy rabbits, plump and fluffy, waiting to be transfigured into their true shapes.  He’d lie on the floor with a picture book, or sit beside her watching TV, and hear the clack-clack of her knitting needles working against each other.  Balls of string, twisting around each other, until they came into a finished shape. He thought it must be something like magic.  Once he pulled the ends out of a ball to see just how many colors were in it and where each one started and ended. He just ended up with a tangled mess.  He was 10 or 11 when he finally asked her how it worked. She sat him down next to her, setting her widest knitting needle in one of his hands and a ball of yarn in the other, and held his small hands in hers to shape them into the proper grip, helping him wrap the yarn around his thumb and forefinger, and then onto the needle.  Then she showed him how to use his other needle to pick up the loop and work the yarn back into it, creating a new row. Flip it over, knit again.  It was awkward. The needles seemed to want to slip out of his hands with each stitch, and he couldn’t get into a good rhythm.  Some of the loops were tight, and some of them were loose, and as he went on he had a shape that could only be described as a wobbly rectangle. But it was his wobbly rectangle, that he’d made all on his own from a pile of nothing, and the glow in his mother’s eyes made it all worth it.  From that point on it became a routine.  After he’d done his homework, and when he didn’t have plans with friends, he and his mother would spend time together knitting.  She taught him how to make his rectangle less wobbly, and eventually how to make a rectangle into a scarf. Together they made him a simple hat, which he knit and his mother finished.  Before long, he was making his own projects.  A scarf for his father around New Years, dishcloths for his mother. More scarves, one hat.  Sometimes he was worried the other kids in middle school would make fun of him if they knew how much time he spent with his mother, especially on a “girly” hobby like knitting.  But when Teshima sheepishly admitted that the sweater he was wearing was made by his mom, Ashikiba was thrilled.  “You can tell,” he exclaimed.  “It’s just like music!”  Teshima was 14 when he started knitting his first sweater.   He picked up a whole bag of blue yarn at the department store.  He snatched one of Ashikiba’s sweatshirts after sleeping over at the boy’s house, and laid it out flat with a measuring tape to get chest measurements and sleeve lengths.  Ashikiba never even noticed it was gone - until Teshima gave it back to him, claiming Ashikiba had left it at his house all along.  Knitting a sweater wasn’t so different than a scarf or a hat.  It was just a big tube, and then a couple smaller tubes.  Then sew it all together.  It couldn’t be that bad.  And Ashikiba’s birthday in November would be perfect timing for the gift, right as it was getting cold outside. 15 was a big year. Next year they’d be first years in high school together.  He wanted to show Ashikiba how special he was.

 

It was summer and they had races to participate in, training to do. He had a few months still to get the knitting done. 

 

 

…Seaming pieces together was harder than he thought.

He must have done something wrong because the shoulders weren’t lining up right. His mother showed him how to block the pieces and he could kind of finagle them together.  He held his sleeveless sweater up to himself and wondered if it would fit Shikiba.

 

 

The weather got cooler.  The next time they hung out around Ashikiba’s family’s piano, Ashikiba was wearing the sweatshirt Teshima had borrowed without permission back in the spring.  Its sleeves ended just before the fine bones of Ashikiba’s wrist, and when he leaned over the piano it rode up at the waist.  At home, Teshima stared at his almost finished blue sweater and tried not to cry.

 





 

 He unraveled the sleeve cuffs first, with his mother’s guidance.

Put the stitches back on a needle, tried to add a few dozen more centimeters.  It didn’t look right.  Ashikiba’s birthday came and went.  He’d get it right before Christmas.

 

 

Christmas became New Years.

It seemed like every week Ashikiba was taller. 

Teshima’s knitting needles couldn’t keep up.

 

 

He wished he could just start the sweater over. He’d started it so long ago.  He wasn’t sure if Shikiba would notice, but every mistake was blindingly obvious to him: where he’d ripped back the sleeve cuff to re-knit it