, the other in concern.

   “Hood!” barked out Probably-not-Owlman.

   Maybe-Red-Hood-wearing-Joker brought up both hands to press to the front of his mask, his laughter dying down to muffled chuckles. After a moment he managed to speak through them, “S-sorry. Sorry. Ahhaha… it’s just… two Batman? Batmen? Oh I can’t contain myself. I’ve dreamed of this.”

   Batman didn’t know what was more disturbing about that declaration. The implications of it, or Most-likely-Batman’s response. The man’s shoulders slumped a fraction and he let out a smile. A smile. And then he opened his mouth and said,

   “Oh really? You can barely handle one of me.”

   “… What is going on.” he interrupted before things could get weirder. With that man, Joker or not, it always would.

   “Mm. Perhaps we should take this elsewhere.” 

   “Oh! I suggest Bat Cave!”

   “And have Nightwing, Batgirl, and Robin take patrol to keep them out of it, good idea Hood.”

   Batman had a feeling he was in for a long night.

~~

Earth 696 - Bat Cave

   “Sorry about the blindfold, Bats-two. Gotta be cautious ya know!” Red-Hood-most-likely-not-Joker called with a trill as he took off Batman’s blindfold. He looked around curiously at the Bat Cave, noting a few differences. Most notably was the lack of Joker’s wing. Also- Scarecrow’s seemed to be bigger.

   “I’m going to need a blood sample to compare with mine. Arm please.” Most-likely-another-Batman requested, waving a small empty vial and needle at him. Wordlessly, he assented and kept a watchful eye as he followed the other man’s movements. After inserting the vial of blood he took another of his own and turned on the machine.

   Red-Hood-not-Joker wheeled over sitting backwards on a chair. After giving it a spin he stopped it by panting his feet down and Batman assumed stared at him.

   “Are your eyes nearly as blue as Bats’, Bats-two?” he suddenly asked.

   Shocked out of words his jaw dropped for a moment before he recovered. “Are you saying you’ve seen my face?”

   Shrugging his red caped shoulders, the man crossed his arms over the top of the chair. The other man appeared to be ignoring their conversation and focusing on the readout on the machines.

   Then he called out, “DNA is a match. That’s … another me.”

   After a sigh, Red-Hood-not-Joker seemed to make up his mind and motioned to take his own mask off. With a soft click and a hiss, the red canister like mask pulled off his head and he set it down on one of the tables beside him.

   He then turned to face Batman, and he had to suppress his instinctual reaction to that face. Skin so pale it was nearly white, acid green hair and eyes, and gruesome scars along his cheeks. Batman also noticed burn marks near the base of his hair line along his neck. The major difference was this man wasn’t smiling.

   “Ah, I see now. The world you’re from… I’m not Red Hood am I?” Red Hood asked in a quiet tone, almost… melancholy. “I broke instead of bending. Let me guess, I normally sound… More like this ehehehe?”

   The sound of that cold chuckle and wide smile sent shivers down his spine. He needn’t say anything, Red Hood could read his face. The smile dropped like a stone and his green eyes glistened with heartbreak.

   “Mm. Thought as much.” After a moment he seemed to reclaim his slightly jovial tone, “Well! That’s informative! Hear that Batsy? In another world, I’m insane!”

   The other Batman, for there was no longer any question that he was in another world, (A world where there was a Batman and a Red Hood. A Red Hood who appeared to have everything Joker did, and yet was on the side for good. Who fought side by side with this world’s Batman. Suddenly he was angry. It wasn’t fair.) walked towards them both, pulling his own mask off in the process.

   “The world is made up of choices. A new world, a parallel world, is made with each major choice… where you make the opposite one.” Other Batman paused for a moment, looking deep into Red Hood’s green eyes. “Something Flash mentioned a while back.”

   As one, the two super-heroes of Gotham City turned to him. This Batman spoke first, “So how did you manage to strand yourself here?”

   Remembering his earlier urgency, he tensed again. “I was fighting someone from a darker mirror of my own world. Owlman… a man turned to the life of crime. Or rather… an us.

   “He