’s clear Bressie and Zayn had discussed and agreed to this before her arrival, and Niall’s got nothing left to lose if they’re willing to negotiate a reasonable price just for her. The game has changed and the ball’s in her court now. It’s perfect timing.  “Gentlemen. Let’s talk numbers.”  —  Two weeks later, Niall attends a magazine’s tenth anniversary lunch celebration held in a lavish mansion adjacent to a vast, beautiful apple orchard. Niall’s in absolute awe of the place, from the furniture to the chandelier and even the artwork hanging on the walls. Zayn is impressed, of course, but his attention is focused on Niall, frequently telling her how beautiful she looks in her flowy floral dress. And because of that, she pulls him into a dark corner when no one’s looking, and gives him a kiss that leaves him chasing after her for more.  An hour into the party, Niall’s panic mode goes off when the place gets too crowded. Zayn immediately guides her out of the mansion to calm her down, rubbing her back and making sure she has enough water to drink before she’s back to a good state of mind. Rather than going back inside, the two decide to wander the grounds, and end up walking along the pathway into the apple orchard.  “Thanks for helping me out back there, I really appreciate it,” she gratefully tells Zayn, and he kisses her cheek after. “If you weren’t there, I’d probably be in the car driving halfway home by now.”  “I’ve got you, Niall, don’t worry,” he replies, and holds her hand to keep her grounded.  They take a right turn into a line of trees, and head towards a large barn in the distance. The place is littered with wicker baskets full of apples, and Niall’s tempted to take one for herself. Conveniently, the door is unlocked. Zayn lets out an intrigued ‘ooh!’, pointing at the large tractor that obscures two picnic tables behind it. Even more wicker baskets are scattered around, this time with unopened bottles of hard apple cider. Niall leans back against one of the tables and Zayn looks around, finding himself sniffling and rubbing his eyes.  “Are you okay? I didn't realize a barn would bring you to tears.”  “I'm fine, I just feel a little stuffy all of a sudden," he replies, chuckling. "But now that we're here, I think it's time I confess that I’ve never done it in a barn before. Kinda nice to spice up the sex beyond the bedroom, know what I mean? Almost borderline porn star levels.”  Niall can’t help but snort. “All right, Peter North, I’ll help you cross this off your list, but only if you think it’s safe.”  “Don’t worry, I always bring protection.”  “No, that’s not – I meant, the door was unlocked and if we do something, I don’t want us getting caught.”  “We’ll be okay," he replies, sniffling loudly. "But if you're worried, I know how to keep it quiet.”  Zayn carefully lifts Niall onto the edge of the table, fitting himself between her legs when he goes in for a kiss. Niall runs her hands through his hair and over his scruff, moaning quietly when he kisses along her neck. Zayn grips her waist and pulls her closer, rutting against each other as their kiss intensifies. Soon, Zayn is reaching into Niall’s dress, carefully pulling her underwear aside. He lowers himself to the ground, lays several light kisses along the inside of her thighs, and licks a flat, wet stripe over Niall’s folds that makes her yelp.  Niall leans back, using her arms to prop herself up to see Zayn. She tips her head back, remembering the daydream she had on the massage table in Klint & Pivos. Instead of Zayn’s phantom tongue, the real thing is fucking into her, soon replaced by two of Zayn’s fingers while he sucks and swirls his tongue all over her clit.  He uses his free hand to push Niall flat onto her back, then squeezes her breasts right after, letting the pads of his middle and ring finger to draw circles over each nipple until it stiffens to his touch. Niall writhes and restrains her moans as best as she can, but pushes Zayn away when she’s close, not wanting to let all of her energy go to waste.  Niall sits up and Zayn rises to his feet, quickly wiping his mouth with the back of his hand with a satisfied smile. They switch positions and now Niall’s on her knees, undoing Zayn’s dress pants to get to his cock. He’s already hard and Niall wastes no time sucking him off. She takes it too far when she tries to take all of him in, eyes watering until Zayn stops her.  “You’re going to