t talked with anyone, you just found out."

"Oh, Kyuubi," he said, informatively, but vaguely, "I have a mental link with him like you have with your dad." Ino smiled strangely. She would ask him about him later, but right now, they had to worry about his memory problem.

"Don't worry, I'll be with you. If anything happens like last time, I'll just sing to you again, okay?" Ino said, and her smile got wider, and stronger. The tension released from Naruto's body as he remembered what he could from last night.

That would be his best and most treasured memory for the rest of his life; her warmth, her soothing voice, her hair flowing over him like a protective veil, her heartbeat, her fingers running through his hair, and her slow and almost hypnotic rocking. Naruto felt reassured, his face lit up, and he allowed her to pull him forward.

They reached the waiting room for Tsunade's office. Shizune looked up from her book, blushing a bit, and quickly stashed it in a drawer. "Oh, you're here, go on in!" Shizune said, slightly shaken. "What was it you where you reading, Shizune?" Ino said slyly, knowing full well what it was she was reading.

"Go on in!" she repeated, blushing more noticeably. Ino smiled wide, and drug Naruto behind her to Hokage's office. "Wait a minute, what was she reading? What happened?" Naruto said, tying to understand what happened.

Ino smiled at Shizune, and said in her sexiest voice, "I'll show you later, if you're a good boy." and Naruto blushed at her tone. Shizune's nose bled as she pictured Ino and Naruto doing what she was just reading about.

They entered Tsunade's office, and saw Inoichi, Anko, and Ibiki standing to the right side of the room. "Hello, Naruto." Tsunade said looking at Naruto, then shifting her gaze to Ino, said, "Thank you, Ino, you may leave."

"Oh, well, I was…" Ino started but couldn't finish. She didn't move, though, but before Tsunade could say anything more, Naruto asked, "Why does she have to leave?" which surprised everyone in the room.

"Because this is very private, Naruto," Tsunade said, being the first to recover from what he said, "and we can't tell anyone but you." "If that's all, it's fine. I'll probably tell her when I get out anyway," Naruto said smiling, "I'll consider it payment for showing me what was in Shizune's book!" and all was quiet.

The expression's and emotions from each party in the room vary. Everyone (with the exception of Naruto) knew exactly what was in the little book Shizune was reading. It was sort of like a dirtier female version of the series jiraya was famous for.

Ibiki didn't seem to have any reaction, but the corners of his lips started to creep upwards. Anko had begun snickering, very loudly, and her mouth had started shaking, with her wanting to smile and trying to keep a straight face at the same time. The smile was winning, but she was still valiantly fighting it.

Inoichi' s face had lost any and all signs of color, and he was now holding a kunai. He slowly turned his head towards Naruto, and his eyes had transformed so he looked like the terminator. Tsunade had her hands folded on her desk, and her eyebrows were twitching, on the verge of being considered having a seizure. A small trickle of blood had also found it's way down her nose.

Ino had the smallest reaction of all. Well, technically anyway. She had stopped moving, and was frozen in place. Hearing Naruto say something that embarrassing in front of 2 strangers, her father, and the Hokage was too much for her, and her brain shut off.

She didn't even mean it, it was just something she had said to mess with Shizune. No one said anything for a while. And the only sounds that could be heard was Shizune giggling directly outside the door (she was eavesdropping when she realized Ino didn't come right back out), Anko's snickering, and the sound of Inoichi sharpening his kunai on an medieval looking sharpening stone that had appeared out of nowhere, with sparks flying around his face.

Tsunade was once again the first to recover. "Inoichi, stop that, Anko, shut up, and if Ino can start breathing again, and chooses to stay, she may," She said watching Ino, and then turning to Naruto, "Shizune, leave, and Naruto, me and you have to talk later."

They waited for about 10 seconds for Naruto to wake up Ino, Inoichi grinding his teeth the whole time, and then started with why they called Naruto.

"Okay, Naruto, did