role.

“Holy hell.” Jensen whispered to himself, “What is this place?”

Jensen steered his beat-up sedan into the circular drive.  When Dr. Padalecki described the research center, Jensen imagined hospital rooms and sterile hallways.  The red brick, manor house in front of him was nothing like a medical complex.   The building looked like one of those stately homes that they use in English historical dramas.  The bubbling fountain in the middle of the circular drive and the surrounding parkland completed the picture.  Jensen rolled to a stop and reached over for the map again.  He must have taken a wrong turn.

As Jensen unfolded the map to retrace his steps, he heard the grand oak door of the house swing open.  Dr. Padalecki walked out, trailed by the largest dog Jensen had ever seen.  “Hello, Jensen.  I’m glad you found your way here.”  Dr. Paldalecki said as Jensen stepped out of his car.  The dog stopped by the doctor’s side, and sat down obediently after a quick hand signal from his master. 

“Yeah, I didn’t know if I had the right place.”  Jensen answered.  “This place is amazing, but really far out here.”

The doctor laughed. 

“We get that a lot.  This place is off the beaten track, but that’s how we like it.  Why don’t we get you inside and then I can take you for a tour of the complex?”  The doctor’s easy manner and casual clothes made Jensen feel at ease.  Truthfully he was a bit nervous when he signed the contract to essentially be a human guinea pig for 3 months but now that he was actually here, it didn’t seem so bad.  Jensen return the doctor’s smile and unlocked the trunk for his bag.  

“Let me grab that bag for you.  With all that driving, that must have been a long trip.”

“Oh it wasn’t too bad.  This place really is in the country, isn’t it?”

“Yes, it was an old family house of one of Biotech’s main shareholders.  When the investor sadly passed away a few years ago, he left the house and the lands to the company to continue our unique style of research.” The doctor swung Jensen’s duffle bag over his shoulders.  “Can I grab your keys as well?  We can move your car into one of the garages for the remainder of your stay.”

“Oh right, sure thing.”  Jensen handed over the keys.  The doctor took the keys and slipped them in his pocket, a small smile playing on his lips.

The dog that had been waiting patiently next to the doctor suddenly surged forward, nearly knocking Jensen over with his enthusiastic welcome.  The dog playfully jumped from side to side, and then proceeded to sniff Jensen’s lower half.  Jensen tried to push him away, but the dog only became or exuberant in his exploration.“Harley, no.  Come.”  Dr. Padalecki commanded, slapping the side of his leg.  The dog reluctantly returned to the doctor’s side, licking Jensen’s fingers one more time before making his retreat.  

“I hope he didn’t scare you.”

“Oh no, sir. I mean no, not really. I actually like dogs.”

“That’s good to hear, because Harley seems to think that he rules this house.  Now, I know he’s big, but he is a real softy inside so don’t be worried around him.  I found him to be a good companion when I’m overseeing long research projects out here.  I hope you will as well.”

Jensen gave a tentative smile and knelt down to pet the dog’s ears.  

“Hey there boy.  It’s nice to meet you.”  Harley’s tail swept the ground in response.

“See, he likes you already.”

“Yeah, he seems like a good dog.  Really smart too.”  Jensen stood up, dusting the gravel off his pants.

“You have no idea.” said, his lips lifting into a half smile again.     

“Now, let’s get you inside.  I need to give you the tour and explain the daily schedule to you.  You’ll have the rest of the day to settle in, but tomorrow the real fun will start.”

“I have died and gone to heaven.”  Jensen mused as he collapsed on his feather down mattress that night.  That was the only explanation for his turn of luck.  Jensen thought back to his world-wind day.  After the doctor showed Jensen to his room, a massive 3 room suite that was four-times the size of his efficiency unit back in New Harvest, they took a tour of the rest of the house.  The estate was even more expansive than Jensen even imagined.  There were over 20 bedrooms in the complex plus multiple sitting rooms, an entertainment area and a formal dining room.   The doctor told him that he was the only patient in residence at the moment, but the complex could be filled to capacity when they had a large clinical trial.