Yes. Camp Abha found a Waterbender who matched your description— do you want me to go pick her up?” her boyfriend smiled.

Kuvira bit her lip, feeling absolutely horrible about the situation, “Yes. I made a horrible mistake.”

“What do you mean?” the engineer asked, pulling her close.

She let her forehead rest on his shoulder— letting eyelids shed tears and lungs take shaky breaths. Baatar wrapped his arms around her… but the gesture felt solid and cold rather than warm and enveloping.

“I shouldn’t have created those camps.”

“But they’re what this nation needs— we have to be a unified people. We have to be one entity in order to work,” Baatar argued.

Kuvira sighed, “I think they’re doing more harm than good.”

“Tell you what, I’m going to go get that woman for you,” Baatar whispered, his voice soothing her nerves a fraction, “and then I’m going to do a formal inspection of the facilities— and I’ll make sure we’re treating all of our ‘relocates’ in the most humane possible approach. If I see anything out of league, I’ll have the Camp rehabilitated. Does that sound like a good start?”


Of course, but why does it sound worrying coming from your lips?


Instead of protesting, Kuvira nodded, “That might put me at ease.”

“All right,” Baatar smiled. “I’ll be back tomorrow.”

His lips pressed against her own, and the exchange felt all too forced for two individuals that had been dating for a little over a year now. Kuvira drew back and gave him a shy smile before exiting the cabin that Baatar slept and designed in. Her smile fell, and she couldn’t possibly fathom why… though she supposed she had felt her heart recently growing distant from Baatar’s affections.

Was it the sex? No… no, not at all. As a matter of fact, she found him a rather pleasant experience in bed. It wasn’t even a matter of compensation; Baatar just knew what she desired. All the same, some sort of passion felt absent in their lovemaking. Perhaps it was that most of the time Baatar took sex slow and gently— not that there isn’t a time and place for compassionate and quiet sex. But just once— just once!! Just once she would like to be pushed up against the wall and dominated. Just once she would enjoy fury, lust, and craving— bite marks and adrenaline— rather than the slow kisses and gentle caresses that Baatar was fond of. Maybe it was the sex.

Or perhaps the problem was a lack of emotional stimulation? He took her out on pleasing dates, and paid for dinners with money he had earned from the Campaign— rather than the Beifong wealth that he could’ve utilized. She did appreciate that he made himself more than just about money… but the dates did tend to be boring, didn’t they? Junior lacked originality, to be perfectly blunt, and she could be easily swayed to do something besides a dinner and a mover every single Saturday night.


I shouldn’t think about him like this, Baatar’s shown me nothing but kindness.


Instead of continuing to fret over such trifling nonsense, the Commander walked down the hallway towards the Officer’s Club— where she knew she’d find Bolin and Korra. Indeed, the two best friends were sitting together… was Korra using the train’s phone?

“I miss you too… I’m so sorry that I didn’t write back, I’ve missed out on so much of your guy’s lives…” the Avatar sighed in a defeated voice, her free hand wiping away tears as Bolin caringly rubbed her back. After a moment’s pause, she laughed, “Babysitting Wu sounds like a nightmare— tell the Prince that the Avatar orders you to take a night off. I love you too, Mako. Goodbye.”

“Communications?” Kuvira asked nonchalantly, searching through the ice box for something to drink, and deciding on a bottle of leechee juice.

“I convinced her to at least give Mako and Asami calls,” Bolin explained with a sad twinkle in his eye.

The dark circles above the Avatar’s cheeks worried Kuvira, and instead of drinking her bottle of juice, she put a hand on Korra’s shoulder. The younger girl’s smooth dark skin felt almost icy to the touch, and the Metalbender couldn’t help but wonder if that was a trait of Water Tribe dwellers.

“Would you like to get some fresh air and talk?” the Commander asked softly.

Korra looked at her for maybe three seconds before smiling faintly, “Sure. Let me grab my coat.”

“That pile of rags? No, no, no— we can go through my closet and find something that won’t fall apart thirty seconds before you put it on,” Kuvira laughed.

The Avatar rolled her eyes but stood nonetheless, giving Bolin a kiss on the top of his head. He mentioned