that ripped-out page was a fake! That doesn’t matter at all?”

He could feel the smile beginning to waver, forced it to remain on his lips. Maya had never given up smiling, not when she had lost her sister, not when she had lost her mother, not when members of her own family had attempted to murder her.

“Unfortunately, it doesn’t. I presented it as evidence, so it was my job to ensure it was legit. I should’ve suspected something off when it was just given to me right before the trial…”

The spirit medium’s disconcerted frown deepened. “I… I don’t understand. Why are you smiling and shrugging this off? You never give up, Nick! You’ve made miracles happen in the courtroom more than once!”

Now, Phoenix’s expression became serious. “Yeah well, seeing that the only way I’m allowed in a courtroom anymore is either as a spectator, witness, or suspect, I’d say the time for miracles has passed. I’m sorry, Maya, I really don’t want to be a jerk, but empty pep talks aren’t exactly appreciated at the moment. Thanks for your visit, it means a lot to me, but I think I want to be alone for now.”

Because if you stay, I don’t know if I can continue to hold it together. Yet, he also did not want to unload on his erstwhile aide – as the Master of Kurain, she likely had more than enough on her plate.

The way she had just described her impression of him, as someone who fought to the last and performed miracles, as someone she looked up to, was almost enough to punch an audible sob out of him, but he managed to mask what little of it made it past his lips with a clearing of his throat.

Maya stubbornly shook her head. “Nick… you’re clearly not okay, and I don’t wanna leave… but I will, I guess. After I call my sister for you. Maybe she can think of something to do.”

“No, Maya, wait – !”

Too late. The spirit medium had already closed her eyes, and her figure began to shimmer slightly, to grow taller and more voluptuous…

A moment later, Mia Fey opened her eyes to her former protégé’s shoulders sagging in defeat.

“Phoenix! How long has it been?”

His voice was so quiet as to be almost inaudible. “Two and a half months since our last case…”

Mia shook her head in disbelief as she saw the mess of convenience food wrappers strewn around the office couch and the pieces of Phoenix’s suit fired carelessly into a corner, with his tie draped over poor Charley, who drooped as he had not been watered in a few days.

“Something has happened, or Maya wouldn’t have called me. What’s going on?”

His deceased mentor’s worried tone cut into him like a knife, and now, he could not hold back the sob welling up in his throat.

“Y-you know how you always said that an attorney has to keep smiling, no matter how bad it gets? That you only get to cry when it’s all over?”

A tear escaped the corner of his eye, and he spread his arms slightly, a helpless gesture inviting her to look, look what I’ve become.

“Well… it’s over. I’ve been disbarred. I’ve made a stupid mistake, and a few days ago, they made me watch as they destroyed my badge.”

Another sob rose within him, and his inability to stifle it only emphasized his powerlessness to himself. The tears were flowing freely down his cheeks now.

“Everything I’ve worked for… carrying on your legacy… it’s all over and done with. I don’t know what to do, Mia… I don’t know where to turn… and I’m so sorry that you have to see me like this…”

Phoenix’s gaze had become blurry enough by then that he could only see vague blobs of color anymore, and he lowered his eyelids for a few seconds, trying to will the beginning heaving of his chest back under his control.

His efforts proved to be futile when two slim arms surrounded him, and his head was gently pulled down until his forehead came to a rest on a narrow shoulder, the purple fabric concealing it smelling faintly of jasmine and fresh mountain air.

Mia’s fingers carded through his spiky hair, the soothing gesture drawing yet more tears out of him.

“Let it all out,” she whispered.

And Phoenix cried. He cried like he had not since the day he had found out Dahlia had never loved him and merely used him as an evidence mule, wordlessly, seemingly inconsolably, clutching at Mia as if she was an anchor for safety, for sanity. He cried until there was a vague sick feeling in his stomach, until his eyes were red and puffy and felt as though