't a game, is it?" Jared asked, looking back and forth between Jensen and Joshua, confusion and concern warring on his face. "This isn't part of the Faire."

"It's none of your concern," Joshua said more sternly. His left hand was moving now, sketching a pattern in the air that Jensen recognized. Soon he'd be pulling both of them through the portal, away from this world and back to their own. Jensen just had to keep Jared out of this for a moment longer—

"What did he do?" Jared asked. He gave a sideways nod at Jensen.

Joshua sighed dramatically. "Jensen is my brother. He tried to take my throne from me. I am returning him to face his judgment."

"I did no such thing," Jensen muttered.

"Then why are you his prisoner?" Jared asked. His eyes were raking over Jensen, taking in his struggles against the golden filaments of the web surrounding him.

Jensen gave a sharp shake of his head. "It doesn't matter. Just go."

Jared folded his arms across his chest. "Is he trying to take you against your will?" When Jensen didn’t answer, he turned to Joshua. "Are you trying to take him away like you did with that woman a minute ago?"

The clearing they were in suddenly went silent. After a moment, Joshua asked quietly, "What woman?"

Lifting his chin, Jared replied, "The one who was with you but disappeared. When Jensen asked what you did with her, he sounded pretty upset."

"Jared, that was my sister. She's fine. You need to get out of here," Jensen insisted.

"No, I think he needs to stay." Joshua waved a hand, and a shimmering wall rose up behind Jared. The distant noise of the Faire suddenly shut off. "Until he has satisfied himself as to the course of events."

Jensen watched helplessly as Jared looked back and forth between him and his brother. He could sense Jared's gaze lingering on their wings and on Joshua's crown, and he realized with a sinking feeling there was no way he was going to be able to talk his way out of this as extreme cosplay. Not when they were—

"What would satisfy me," Jared said in a loud, clear voice, "is truth by combat."

The forest fell silent again as Jensen's spirits sank even lower. This human had doomed them both.

 

Jared stood as tall and straight as he could while he waited for a response. It came quickly, with the so-called king chuckling derisively. "You cannot possibly think that—"

"You're from the fairy kingdom," Jared replied. "Or a fairy kingdom, at any rate. That means there are rules, right? Obligations you have to uphold? And from what I've read, truth by combat is one of those."

"Jared, I don’t know what you think you've read in some book of human stories about fairies—" Jensen started.

Joshua cut him off. "Oh but he's right, dear brother. And we wouldn't want to dodge our obligations, now would we?" He eyed Jared with a smirk. "If you are the one making the challenge, it is I who chooses the weapons, yes?"

Jared swallowed, watching the flickers of light dancing around the king's fingertips. Between Jensen's struggles, and the solid, invisible wall behind him, and everything else he had seen, there was no denying it. He had walked into something truly magical here—and truly dangerous. Part of him was gleeful that he was finally getting to put to use all of those books of magical lore he had read, but the rest of him was trying desperately to remain calm and remember something useful from one of those books. Finally, he nodded at the king's hand and said, "As long as you choose something I am capable of wielding. It would not be a fair contest otherwise."

There was a flash of anger in the king's eyes, and Jared smiled to himself. Point, me, he thought.

His momentary glee disappeared as Joshua said, "You understand that if you lose, you will be coming with us as well. Forfeiting your freedom as well as my brother's."

"That's not—" Jensen burst out angrily, only to be silenced with a wave of Joshua's hand.

Jared swallowed hard, seeing Jensen's mouth move and yet hearing no sound come out. It was one more indication that he'd gotten himself in way over his head here. But he straightened his shoulders and said, "Fine. And if you lose, you leave this place and never bother Jensen again."

"Agreed," Joshua replied smoothly. He looked Jared over from head to foot. Slowly, a cruel smile curved the corners of his mouth. "Since you seem to already be equipped for the challenge, I choose bows and arrows." He reached over his