he’d always thought the younger was attractive and since their tutoring sessions started, he had realized Sehun was also very sweet and cute, not at all what he expected when he first saw him. He did admit he had a tiny crush on the basketball player, though he never expected anything to actually happen between them considering they were both so different and he didn’t want to make things awkward or distract Sehun since the whole point of them meeting every week was to help Sehun do better in his chemistry class.

“Will you at least think about it? Please.”

The elder sighed, “Okay, I’ll think about.”

 

 

 

 

 

 

It didn’t take Baekhyun much more convincing once the younger showed him the paper that read A+ on top of the paper in red ink.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Sehun towered over the elder as he pushed him against the unforgiving wood of the bookshelf. A quiet, surprised squeak escaped the elder’s mouth as the younger’s large hands planted themselves on his hips, pushing him even harder against the books. Soft lips moved roughly against his, their mouths molded together messily and hungrily as Baekhyun grabbed onto locks of Sehun’s black hair. Sehun pulled the other’s hips flush against his own, grinding them against each other.

“A-Ah...” Baekhyun softly mewled against the younger’s lips.

Sehun smirked as he pressed sloppy, open mouthed kisses down the the elder’s neck, occasionally stopping to nibble on the sensitive skin. Baekhyun bit down on his bottom lip, trying to hold in the moans threatening to spill out.

“Fuck if you keep doing that I won’t be able to hold myself back,” Sehun breathed against the elder’s throat.

One after another, quiet pants left the shorter’s mouth, he took deep breaths, trying to calm down his breathing so that they wouldn’t attract any unwanted attention.

Sehun’s right hand quickly made its way to one of the buttons of the other’s shirt, impatiently tearing the shirt open.

“M-My shirt-”

“I’ll get you a new one,” the younger growled before capturing the elder’s lips in another bruising kiss.

He pulled away only to strip himself of his hoodie and t-shirt as he took in the sight of his disheveled tutor, hair mussed and lips swollen and red from abuse. His chest was heaving as he panted, leaning against the solid oak wood for support; his eyes hooded, cheeks flushed as he looked at Sehun. Before he knew it, Baekhyun was being hoisted up in a pair of strong arms. His legs instinctively wrapped around the other’s waist as he was lifted up from the ground. His arms wrapped around Sehun’s neck, hands running through the younger’s locks.

A choked moan escaped his lips when he felt Sehun’s hardened member grind against his.

Quiet little whines poured from the Baekhyun’s mouth as the younger continued thrusting his hips up, grinding against him with urgency.

The fabric of their jeans created a delicious friction neither of them could get enough of; the sound of the elder’s moans were enough to drive Sehun over the edge.

Large, rough hands ran up and down Baekhyun’s smooth, soft chest, goosebumps erupted throughout his entire body as plump lips latched themselves onto his collarbone, decorating it in angry red bruises.

Baekhyun’s smaller hands grabbed onto Sehun’s when the younger tried to unzip his jeans, the latter looked up at the other with a questioning look, eyes full of lust.

“W-What if someone sees us?” Baekhyun whispered.

The black-haired boy gave his tutor a reassuring kiss, “Don’t worry, no one goes back here and besides everyone’s probably out celebrating after finishing midterms anyway.  No one’s gonna come into the library right now, and besides, no one will hear us if we don’t make a lot noise, but sounds like you’re having a little trouble keeping those cute little sounds in, hmm baby?”

Baekhyun wanted to slap that mischievous smirk off the other’s face, though those thoughts were short lived once he felt Sehun’s hand palming him through his already soiled boxer briefs.

A needy whine escaped his lips as the younger thumbed at the tip of the elder’s cock, precum leaking through his underwear.

Baekhyun flushed in embarrassment whereas Sehun smirked, a glint of desire flashed before his eyes.

Sehun lowered the elder down, helping him  sit on the probably-not-so-clean carpeted floor of their school library. He tugged off the other’s pants and boxers once they were somewhat properly situated and comfortable (well, as comfortable as having sex on the floor between bookcases could be). Baekhyun shyly lifted his legs so Sehun could completely remove his garments, keeping his legs crossed because how could he not feel embarassed at a time like this?

“You okay?” Sehun asked, rubbing soothing circles on Baekhyun’s thick thighs. The elder nodded, giving him a small, but reassuring smile, his cheeks still tinted pink and breath still