?"

"Anything. Absolutely anything."

"Come in, then." Cloud sat up to better acknowledge the female stranger. "What's your name?"

"Sephiroth." The woman closed the door behind her and stepped forward, getting onto her knees and bowing.

"Rise. I see you're cold. Get in the bath with me."

With a simple incline of her head, Sephiroth did as Cloud requested. He noticed her body was pale and had a small tinge of blue which was barely noticeable on her skin as she slipped out of the yutaka. The blond moved out of the way to give her room to join him, and he hissed when her skin came into contact with his.

The woman was freezing.

"Thank you, my liege," Sephiroth said gratefully.

Cloud gently pulled Sephiroth into a small embrace and splashed small amounts of water on her. "Is this helping?"

"It is. The cold is leaving me." She kept still and gave the blond a small smile. Cloud smiled back, slowly leaning forward and nuzzling her neck. Sephiroth leaned into the touch, sighing as Cloud began to rub her upper back. She stiffened, however, when Cloud's hand began to go lower.

"You said you'd do anything," Cloud reminded her.

"I did," Sephiroth agreed. "But you see, I can't do that with you. Mother forbid it."

"Your mother? But you're an adult woman. You don't have to listen to her." Cloud reached forward, but Sephiroth pulled away and moved to the other side of the tub, facing the wall and showing her back to Cloud.

"I cannot. Not until I marry."

"Then," the blond tugged her by the arm, making her face him again, "why don't we wed?"

"So soon? We don't even know each other. We met only minutes ago."

"Yes. I need a bride, and I want the wedding to be private. We can do it right here, right now."

"Really?"

Cloud nodded. "Yes. Marry me."

Sephiroth smiled sweetly. Something was off about that smile, but Cloud couldn't place it. Something flickered in her eyes, and they changed.

Slit pupils stared back at him.

Sephiroth was the one to yank Cloud forward. The blond took the initiative and kiss her on the lips, sealing the marriage, even if Cloud only wanted it to be temporary. Sephiroth was pure beauty, but Cloud wanted nothing to do with a stranger. If she really was a mere peasant as she claimed to be, then that was another problem.

Cloud had royal blood in his veins. It would be a waste to wed a peasant.

Sephiroth kissed him back, making no protest as Cloud ran his hands down her body. She moaned softly when Cloud cupped her breasts and tweaked her nipples. The blond broke the kiss to nuzzle her neck again, squeezing her breasts lightly at the same time. The silver-haired woman leaned closer to Cloud.

"Love me," she whispered in his ear. "That's all I want. For you to love me." She pushed him, making him lie back in the tub as she climbed on top of him. "Do you love me?"

"Yes," Cloud said. "I do love you."

Sephiroth smiled sweetly. Something was off about that smile, but Cloud couldn't place it. He blinked, and then he swore her ears changed.

They appeared pointier.

The silver-haired woman was on him again, generous with her kisses. Cloud began to touch again, suggestively squeezing her thighs. The sweet smile came again, and Sephiroth roughly grasped Cloud's erection and jerked it. The blond hissed, massaging Sephiroth's thighs to encourage her.

"Have you done this before?" he asked. "It seems you have."

"Love me."

"I do."

"Do you? Truly?"

"Yes."

Sephiroth smiled sweetly. Something was off about the smile, and Cloud now knew why.

Her ears elongated and she now had a tail, both with pale, silver fur.

A fox, Cloud realized with horror. He had little time to react, however, when he clenched his teeth and cried out in pain.

Sephiroth continued to smile, sticking her finger deeper into the blond's ass. Cloud groaned loudly and was tempted to scream for help, but something stopped him from making louder noises.

"Love me, my liege. Love me," Sephiroth said, nearly begging. Cloud leaned out of the tub, reaching for something, anything to help him. His anus burned even more as Sephiroth began to thrust.

"Love me, Cloud."

The blond's hand bumped against something, and, without thinking, he grabbed it.

A knife. He'd forgotten it was there, on the small table next to the tub. Immediately, he plunged it into Sephiroth's back.

The demon fox removed her fingers and screeched in agony, rocketing forward and latching onto the blond