turn out how you're hoping,” Veronica said, not turning her head. 

“Thanks, Veronica,” Jughead said sincerely. Veronica gave a little harrumph of displeasure but said nothing else. 

~~

The backyard was lit in silver and gold strings of lights- Christmas lights, she realized. She turned toward the treehouse and climbed it, kicking off her heels and fervently hoping she wouldn't get a splinter. She hauled herself up the last way only to feel strong, warm hands tucked beneath her sides, lifting her to her feet. 

“Happy birthday,” Archie said, smiling warmly. Candles and Christmas lights. 

“It's beautiful,” Betty said, marveling. Archie wore a yellow rose pinned to his jacket pocket that bobbed a bit when he bent to pick up his guitar and strum. 

Happy birthday, he sang,
to the Betty-est
pretty-est
girl I know
to the smartiest
work-hardiest
girl, whoa
she's the nerdiest
most deserving-est
of a Romeo
Happy birthday
Happy birthday
to you!

Betty collapsed into a fit of giggles that increased into a snort. Archie laughed too. 

“Look, it might not be- Grammy material, okay, look I had like three hours to come up with something-"

“It's the sweetest, really,” Betty said, trying to calm herself and coughing a bit. Archie handed her a bottle of old fashioned root beer. 

“You remembered!” Betty said, delighted. “You used to always get cream soda by mistake and I'd get so mad at you!” 

“Except you're too nice to snap at someone over soda so Jug had to do it for you.” Archie reminisced with little laugh.  

Betty looked down at her bottle, small smile still tugging at her lips. 

“...You really like him, huh?” Archie asked. 

“I do,” Betty said faintly. 

“Look, Betty. I need to tell you. This birthday stuff, Kevin-” Archie's phone dinged. He turned to pick it up and sighed. “That guy...” Archie said with affectionate exasperation. 

“Everything okay?” Betty asked automatically. 

“Everything is great,” Archie assured her. “Are you having a good birthday?” 

“Amazing!” Betty sipped her root beer. “Now play me one you wrote Ronnie.” 

Archie colored immediately. “Ah... I mean.” 

“No, I'm serious! You... you did write one for her?” Archie said nothing. 

“Arch!” 

“No, okay. I did. Of course I did. But it's bad. Really bad. And so I told her I didn't and she got upset, and yeah, some of it was her dad and my dad and everything but I really think I messed up.” Archie looked down at the guitar in his hands. Betty got up and walked over to him, laying a hand on his. 

“Play it for me,” Betty said gently, sitting back down but a little closer. Archie played a song for a girl who wasn't there. When he finished, Betty smiled at him genuinely. “Oh, Archie.” She said simply. “She'll love it.” 

~~

Veronica's phone lit up in the car. She turned to it casually, opening it up. The song warbled through, a little tinny. The melody was sweet and full of longing. The words spoke of being alive, vibrant with a dark eyed beauty. 

“Idiot,” Veronica said. Whether it was meant for the red haired boy in the video, the blonde girl who had sent the recording, or the dark haired boy in the seat next to her was unclear and it didn't matter. Betty was coming out of the backyard and walking back up to the car. 

She pulled Veronica from the driver's side with both hands, eyes warm. “Go, V,” she said, smiling. “This is your Nora Roberts moment.” She gave Veronica a gentle push. 

“How did you know I'd still be out here?” Veronica asked, slowly turning toward the backyard. 

“Same way I knew who'd be sitting out here with you,” Betty said, beaming. 

Veronica disappeared behind the gate and Betty stood in the drive, refusing to look back into the car but also making no move to leave. After a few minutes, the car door opened. 

Jughead closed the door quietly, For a moment he just stood there, breathing. She still did not look at him directly, waiting until he came close, stepping into her view. 

“Happy birthday,” Jughead said, handing her a yellow rose. Betty accepted it, tucking it behind her ear. He wore his beanie, a hoodie, and a guarded expression.

“Thank you, Jughead.” She said with great dignity. “Is there anything else you'd like to say to me?” 

“Yes,” Jughead said. There was a long silence. “I don't know how,” he confessed. 

Betty turned her face up toward his, an arch in her brow and a quirk to her lips