blathering on about noodles or puzzles or any of the myriad of other equally-boring topics he always brought up?! Apparently not, considering that he continued to engage him in chatter that he was literally unable to care about! He couldn’t even tell him off about it either since Frisk always gave him a stern talking-to whenever he was particularly aggressive towards other monsters and that was even more unbearable than suffering through Papyrus’ speeches. So, he reluctantly just put up with his blabbering, doing his best to block out a much of his loud speech as he could.

Which was exactly what he was doing the day that Frisk dragged them all out on a picnic.

Flowey couldn’t eat the actual food that they brought on account of the whole, “Being a flower” thing, but Frisk figured that the extra sunlight might brighten up his mood, (Ugh, they’d clearly been spending too much time around Toriel and that smiley trashbag of a brother Papyrus had.) so they brought him along too. After everyone who could eat had finished doing so, most of the group had left to go play some human sport or some such thing. He couldn’t care enough to pay attention to just what they were planning on doing.

What he did care about, however, was the fact that he had been left behind with Papyrus, who was now talking the flower’s nonexistent ears off.

The subject of the conversation drifted right over his head as he was focused on counting the blades of grass around them, finding shapes in the clouds slowly passing above, zoning out into space, just anything to keep him from having to pay attention to the skeleton’s chattering. In fact, Papyrus’ next words probably would have done the same had he not said them in an uncharacteristically quiet voice.

“…I am glad that things turned out alright this time around.”

The flower slowly turned to face him as well as he could, trying to make sure that he heard him correctly. This time around? He spoke that as though he had experienced far too many lifetimes already, all of them less desirable than this one he was living through right now. But no, that was impossible. Only his smiley trashbag of a brother remembered the resets and Sans did his best to annihilate him whenever possible as soon as he found out that he was behind them before the human dropped down into the underground. There was no way that Papyrus could have stayed as innocent and naïve as he was if he was also aware of the resets. So, to test the waters, Flowey responded with a simple, “…What do you mean by that?”

The skeleton shifted to face him more fully, a gloved hand idly drifting up to the red scarf he always seemed to have tucked around his neck no matter his outfit or the weather. “Do you… not remember the last time? Or…” His eyes lowered, suddenly finding the ground more interesting than the potted flower. “Did the human kill you even before me?”

Oh. Well, that definitely answered his question. The last cycle, the human had decided to kill rather than spare, slaughtering their way through the underground with him goading them on… up until they reached New Home. At that point, their behavior frightened even him and he fled ahead to the King, the one spot they hadn’t yet reached. Luckily, between New Home and the throne room, the human decided to trigger a reset, wiping the evidence of their sins from the minds of most of the monsters except for a few exceptions: Sans, Flowey, and, apparently, Papyrus. There was no sense in lying to him, not here, not now, so Flowey responded truthfully for once. “No. They didn’t… they didn’t kill me last time.”

“Nyeh heh heh…” There was no humor to the laughter that was usually so booming and jovial. “I am glad for that as well.”

“…But, why?” The sense that Papyrus was making was bordering on that of Frisk’s illogical need to spare everyone, no matter what heinous acts they had committed in the past. If he remembered the resets, then surely he remembered the ones that occurred before the human dropped down, the resets that he caused… The ones where he had gone around slaughtering everyone he could after countless cycles spent befriending them. “Do you not remember what happened before Frisk fell down?”

“Oh, I do. I remember my very first meeting with you. I remember slowly befriending you with my brother. I remember… what happened in cycles beyond that.” He raised a hand to his skull, tapping on it lightly with a gloved finger. “I remember it all.”

“…You haven’t answered why. If you remembered all that, all the terrible things that I’ve ever done to you and to everyone else, then why… Why are you still being so nice to me?”

At that, Papyrus drew his knees up to his chest and let out a heavy sigh as he lightly tucked his arms around them. “The same thing that keeps