It was smaller than the city council meeting room, and he’d never actually been there, but he was pretty sure it was right around the corner.

It and about 180 pounds of solid muscle. Stiles bounced right off the hard body and right onto the tile floor. “Ouch,” he said when his butt landed, jarring his whole body.

The dark-haired guy he’d run into hadn’t even taken a step back from the force of the collision. He only stared down at Stiles for an instant then opened the door of the conference room and walked in.

“I’m fine, really, thanks for asking,” Stiles told his back as the door swung shut behind him. “Asshole.” He got up, gathered his bag and limped into the conference room, rubbing carefully at his tailbone.

It was just like adding insult to injury when he saw everyone else was seated, just waiting for Sheriff Harris to start speaking at the podium. The small group of police officers, media and some people Stiles didn’t recognize watched him stumble in and duck below the TV cameras then ignored his little wave as he took a seat behind the Muscled-Wall guy, wishing there were a way to sink into the ground.

“If we’re all ready now,” Harris growled out, staring pointedly at Stiles, who was too busy getting out his phone to start recording along with his notebook and pen.

“We have two bodies that were found in the woods this morning by joggers,” Harris began and used small words to spell out that police weren’t releasing any names yet or official causes of death pending toxicology reports that would take up to six weeks. The two were identified as male and were found near a popular hang-out spot where local teens went to light bonfires and drink on the weekends.

Stiles’ knee bounced up and down as he scribbled notes, wondering and waiting for the big news.

Harris finally sighed and said, “What we can tell you is, one body was found in the burn barrel that is at the site while the other was found nearby in some underbrush. One suffered severe burns which may have contributed to the cause of death while the other…” Harris looked down at his notes then glanced over at a man standing by the door who shrugged. “The other appears to have suffered stab wounds and scratches.”

Stiles’ head jerked up when Harris added, “His throat was cut.”

“No way,” Stiles breathed out louder than he’d expected then bit down on the cap of his pen when most of the eyes in the audience turned to look at him.

Harris was one of those glaring at him, but he recovered to gather his notes and tap them on the podium. “That’s all we have for you right now. When we have made positive identifications and notified the immediate families then — and only then — will we release the names to you. And we will get back to you as soon as we’ve made any arrests. Thank you.”

He started to walk away, looking like he was planning to ignore the questions the reporters were firing at him.

One of them — Jackson Whittemore, the douchebag from the local NBC affiliate who’d become Stiles’ mortal enemy all of about five minutes after he moved to town — stood up and loudly said, “What about reports that there is some sort of serial killer on the loose? Shouldn’t we warn our viewers that there’s a murderer running around our county?”

Harris turned to give Jackson a look that Stiles could feel shrivel his balls just from his proximity to the TV reporter, but Jackson just glared back. Stiles knew Jackson was using the old bluffing tactic to get more information, and he knew Harris wouldn’t fall for it.

“We have no reason to believe that these deaths were part of anything like that,” Harris finally spit out. “We do think there was a connection with some illegal drugs, but we can’t speculate on that until we get the toxicology reports to see what the victims were on at the time of death. At this point, we have no reason to believe it was anything more than a drug deal gone bad or something similar.”

“What kind of scratches?” The voice was quiet but pierced through the white noise of the room of people beginning to talk to each other.

Stiles glanced around to see who had spoken when he realized it was Tall, Dark and Seriously Hard-Bodied Dude.

“What?” Harris asked.

Stiles watched the back of the dude’s head as he asked again. “What kind of scratches were on the victim’s body?”

“I don’t see—”

“And it’s very interesting that Dr. Deaton, consultant to the county’s animal control department, is in attendance at this press conference. What would a veterinarian be doing as part of a murder investigation?” the man asked as Stiles scribbled to get it all down.

Harris looked like he was ready to spit nails but only ground out, “We’re not calling it a murder investigation