right wing in search of one of the two hidden preen glands Cas had so graciously pointed out earlier. Once he located it, Dean rubbed the spot delicately until his digits were slick with oil once again. To Dean’s surprise, Castiel shuddered visibly when he removed his fingers. Dean tentatively brushed off the behavior and repositioned himself so that he was straddling the back of Castiel’s thighs. The new position gave him enough room to thoroughly clean off the inner most sections of his wings, which he soon realized were the most sensitive.

It made sense considering the primaries saw the most action and were most likely more durable, but Dean couldn’t have predicted that Castiel would react like this.

Within a matter of minutes, Cas was reduced to a pile of sweaty, squirming limbs. He’d stopped hiding his face in the pillow and let his moans spill out openly as he clutched and pawed at the bedspread. Dean practically played him like an instrument, rapidly learning which ministrations made Cas hum and which ones made him sing.

"Feel good, baby?" Dean half laughed, a bemused smile plastered on his handsome face.

Cas only moaned back in response, his back arching beautifully when Dean stroked the final axillary feather between his talented fingers. “Dean,” Castiel huffed out his lover’s name and rolled his shoulders back, wings furrowing slightly at the motion. 

Dean studied the shift of his feathers and withdrew in time to watch them ruffle and readjust. “What is it, Cas?” he cooed affectionately, easily recognizing that desperation in his angel’s voice. He dragged his hand down the center of Castiel’s back, feeling the ridges there when he arched under his touch. 

"Don’t stop," Castiel practically whimpered, casting Dean the most enticing over the shoulder glance he could muster—damp hair clinging to his forehead, pupils blown out to capacity, shallow breaths escaping parted pink lips, otherwise known as: the works. 

Dean leaned over and pressed his still clothed body against Cas’ bare one, being mindful of his wings all the while. He coaxed Castiel’s head back gently and held him loosely beneath his jaw while pressing sloppy kisses to the side of his face. “Breathe, angel. I’ll take care of you,” Dean whispered calmly, grinning faintly whenever Cas’ Adam’s apple bobbed against his palm. 

Castiel relaxed after Dean spoke and wrapped his arms around the pillow once he was released. He managed to compose his breathing somewhat, at least to the point where he was no longer trembling, but still rutted against the sheets deliriously even when Dean sought out his second preening gland. 

Dean admired the muscles that surfaced whenever Castiel’s thighs tensed. He soothed a hand over the firm flesh there and gently eased his fingertips beneath the towel while lubricating the other hand in Cas’ natural oils. Like before, the angel quivered delightfully once he’d stopped massaging the hidden pore but rather than following the same technique and diving right in, Dean instead eased back and wordlessly removed the towel over Cas’ backside. 

Dean rubbed his hands together, distributing the glistening oil evenly over each of his fingers, and clamped down on the back of Castiel’s thighs before easing his hands up towards the curve of his ass, slow and deep. By the time Dean had retrieved his second helping of preening oil, Cas’ ass and thighs were shiny and slick and Dean was almost certain he was about to bust through the seam in his sweat pants. 

"On a scale of one to ten, how mad would you be if I snapped a picture of this? Because I can honestly say this has got to be the hottest thing I have ever seen in my life," Dean let out truthfully, his jaw going slack at the mere sight of his handiwork. Between the contrast of his midnight wings against his tanned complexion and that well oiled backside, Cas looked downright edible. 

Cas retorted with a simple bark of his name and ruffle of his mismatched wings; Dean took the hint. 

He resumed his task of cleaning Castiel’s left wing, starting off with the large primaries and gradually moving in towards his spine. He stroked over each bristly feather and gathered more oil when necessary, doing his best to keep his own composure when Cas began to lose his. Again. 

"Feels so good. So, so good," Castiel panted into the sheets, body shaking and toes curling. 

Dean smiled at Cas’ breathless encouragement, each chant of his name and every whimpered plea for more shooting straight to his already straining cock. He combed his fingers through the hypersensitive inner most feathers, coating them in the oil thoroughly before rubbing it in one section at a time. 

By the time Dean had reached the axillary feathers of Cas’ left wing, the angel was pretty much putty in his hands. Castiel practically melted into the mattress, moaning out shamelessly and incoherently praising Dean like he was God himself. “So close, Dean. Wa-Want to feel more of you,” Cas whispered, knowing he didn’t need to spell it out for Dean to understand what he wanted. 

Within