. he was only in a flimsy tank top and sweat pants and his hair was probably a mess but he was so incredibly tired that the amount he cared was actually baffling.

he climbs up one set of stairs, and he locates the last room in the hallway, located exactly on top of his apartment. he knocks on the door raptly, he was so going to give this person a piece of his mind. he was probably going to end up punching them, actually, he considers it for a moment before the door opens to reveal a very confused, and a very attractive man. man, maybe, because of the stubble and the jawline. teenager maybe, because of the wide doe eyes.

"um, hi?" he says, offering a confused raise of his eyebrows.

he forgets why he's there for all of half a second before he has to blink his eyes open because of how sleepy he was, "you. you need to stop with that fucking alarm clock."

the guy looks at him with creased eyebrows. "my alarm clock? i need that to wake up."

"the rest of the building need to sleep, no one wants there room to be shaking with the force of your alarm every morning!"

"hey, your exaggerating. it just about shakes me awake every morning."

"my roof is trembling when i wake up." liam growls, he's exaggerating, so what?

"your roof? does that mean you live underneath me?"

"yes."

"oh well in that case." the guy smiles a easily and leans on the door frame, "i have a complaint for you too. you play your music too loud. all the time, and it's always at weird timings like 2am or something."

"sort you alarm out and i'll sort my music out." liam offers.

"but then how will i wake up for work?" the guy wonders, and liam wants to slap that smug look off his face. or kiss it. whatever.

"i don't know, use a normal alarm? that thing is loud."

"i know, it's a thunderbolt. my friend bought it for my birthday so i wouldn't get him late all the time." zayn smiles proudly, "it's miraculous, you should invest in one."

"no," liam splutters out and shakes his head, "i didn't come here for you to recommend a death machine to me, i just need you to stop waking me up so early every morning!"

"okay, jesus. calm down."

liam is actually going to punch him. he doesnt though, because the guy seems to think it's a good time for introductions.

"i'm zayn, by the way."

"liam."

"sorry we had to meet under these circumstances." zayn smiles brightly.

"it's okay." liam replies dully, "really." he looks at zayn properly, letting his sleepy state fizzle out so he could properly admire this guy.

he had long black hair, falling all over his eyes in a messy just-woke-up look, and he was wearing tight black jeans paired with a worn out t-shirt as if he was still only half dressed. his eyes were brown and his pink lips curved up into something of an apologetic smile.

"y'know, if i turn the volume of my alarm lower i wont wake up and i'll be late for work. so i'm currently choosing which is more important, my job or an innocent guy who just wants to sleep." zayn says, and honestly he reminds liam of harry so much.

"i'm a really heavy sleeper." zayn considers out loud.

"i'm a really light sleeper." liam shrugs.

zayn beams at him, "we match."

"you're ruining my sleeping cycle."

"yeah, but we match."

liam groans and zayn looks completely content to stand their all day. "i need to get dressed though, my friend louis will be here any minute and he'll kick my ass if i get him late."

"okay." liam mumbles, "i guess i've fulfilled my role as an angry neighbour."

zayn grins at him. "i like your shirt, by the way."

liam looks down at his black t-shirt with a batman logo printed on. he loved his batman shirt, even though it was a bit childish and seriously worn down, it was his favourite. "thanks."

zayn looks at him curiously for a moment, "is batman your favourite superhero?"

liam nods, and zayn doesn't look all that impressed. "why?"

"don't you like him?" liam asks curiously

"i do, i'm testing your knowledge."

"that's a bit rude." liam say prattishly, "i know my superhero facts."

"yeah, but-" zayn's cut off by someone calling his name from behind liam.

"zayn!" he hears someone, louis, call as he catches up to them "why are you