“Your boyfriend, yes.  And you’d be mine, too.”

Without hesitation, Louis wraps his arms around Liam, excitedly kissing his face all over until Liam stops him for a kiss on the lips.  It’s warm and slow and it’s all the things Louis ever wanted from Liam, but didn’t know he could have.

—


Fifty six, fifty seven, fifty eight, fifty nine…


Liam wakes up in the middle of the night to the sound of numbers, wondering if he’s thinking out loud by counting sheep.  He looks over his shoulder and finds Louis hunched in the corner with a portion of the window’s curtain pulled back for light.  Louis continues to whisper, his hands moving quickly before he fixes what looks to be a stack of papers.

The bed squeaks when Liam tries to get a better look, and Louis stops counting, his head facing in Liam’s direction.  Liam coughs and changes his position on the bed to divert Louis’s attention, waiting a few moments before he continues where he left off.  The numbers go on for another minute until Louis stops, whispering, “Twenty-five thousand should be enough.”

Liam tries to think of a plausible theory of what the number could mean until the light from the window is gone and Louis is walking towards the bed.  He sits in the empty space in front Liam, his fingers lightly tracing circles along Liam’s lower back.

“Hey,” he whispers with a smile, “you’re tickling me.”

“I’m sorry if I woke you up.”

Liam scoots a little closer, placing his hand on Louis’s arm.  “It’s okay, I don’t mind.”

“I was figuring out a way to help, Liam.  And I think I know how.”

“But… you’re always helping me and Dad around the house, I don’t understand?”

“You’ll see.  Just give me a few days.”

Liam removes his hand from Louis’s arm, only to laugh when Louis pushes him down, purposely climbing over him to get to the vacant spot in his bed.  Liam wraps his arm around Louis, leaving little kisses along his neck that makes him giggle.  Louis lets out a sigh when he adjusts his head on the pillow, his breathing turning slow and rhythmic within a minute.

Liam’s eyes droop down and he figures his plausible theory will have to wait, because the meaning of a number was nothing compared to the feeling of Louis in his arms.

—

Louis wakes up several hours later with his arm draped over Liam’s chest.  He doesn’t remember changing positions, but he smiles at Liam’s rested state, finding his nose twitches endearing when he snores.  Louis runs his index and middle finger over Liam’s collarbones, noticing how prominent they were under his white tank top.  Liam stirs, letting out a satisfied moan from Louis’s touch.

“Morning,” Liam lazily says with a smile, keeping his eyes closed.  Louis slides his body upward, leaving a quick kiss on Liam’s cheek.  “Thank you,” Liam mumbles, “do that again in five minutes.”

Shaking his head, he slides out of the bed and walks towards the window, pulling back the curtains to watch the sun rise.  It’s beautiful the way the sky turns from a dark blue to spots of orange and red in a matter of minutes, and Louis can’t help but look back at Liam, watching the colors of the sun highlight all of his features, kissing his body in ways Louis could never.

He leans his body against the window and looks down at the duffel bag Liam lent to him for the trip.  Louis kicks aside the shirt he’d draped over it a few hours before, revealing a large leather pouch full of cash that he’d left behind when he crashed his car—$25,867 to be exact.

It was by chance that Zayn managed to hear the call about an abandoned car in his Bronco, and Louis knew it could only be the one he'd been using when he arrived, having nearly forgotten about it since living with Liam.

Before any of the guys could notice, Louis jumped out of the car and ran as fast as he could, hoping the money he stashed in the glove compartment was still there.  He’d also taken Zayn’s utility knife, using it to cut out the embroidery of his family crest and scratch out the Brahmst-Oberlin Industries logo before the guys could catch up with him, erasing any trace of his former life.

Louis felt sick just looking at the car, but this money was going to restart everything.  He’ll find a place to live, help Liam expand his beach combing collection, and maybe even get a job under the table to keep his name clean.  Before Louis can think about anything else, a pillow lands by his feet, followed by Liam groaning across the room.

“Come back to bed,” Liam whines, his body lying face down on the bed.

Quickly