liking, Zayn moved him over to the couch, laying him down, while saying,”Nandos is here, I’ll be back in a sec.”

Niall clutched onto Zayn’s shirt tighter, sniffling, and said,”Did you get my favorite?”

Zayn chuckled softly and nodded, unraveling Niall’s hands from his black T-shirt, and grabbing his wallet on his way to the door. Zayn opened it while searching through my wallet, so he didn’t see Harry until he bowled past him saying in run together words,”I swear I didn’t mean to fall asleep, Niall, I’m so sorry!”

Zayn let out a surprised yelp in between ‘I’ and ‘didn’t’, because he swore that he had heard the Nandos delivery guy say,”Nandos deliver for Zayn Malik and Niall Horan!”

Confused, Zayn poked his head out the door and looked down both ends of the hallway, only looking down when he heard a groan. Almost immediately, Zayn gathered that, in Harry’s haste to get in my house, he had knocked over the Nandos delivery guy.

His name tag read ‘Kevin’ and Zayn was immediately reminded of the group’s time on the X-Factor.

Zayn put out a hand to help him up, and took the bag of food from him, apologizing and handing him the money. Kevin dusted himself off, and eyed Zayn warily, saying,”Your friend makes his presence VERY hard to ignore, huh?”

And that was when Zayn laughed.

In fact, he laughed so hard that when I could see properly again, Kevin was gone.

Just like that, the mood had passed, and Zayn turned around, only to see Harry cuddling Niall.

The only thing he found odd though, was that they were BOTH crying. Niall was sobbing again,

the soft noises grating against Zayn’s ears,

and Harry was trying to hide it,

but every now and then, a traitor would abandon ship.

They were holding each other, but they still looked so vulnerable.

That was when Zayn had to make the sadness disappear. He walked back to the couch, and set down the Nandos, slouching down into the couch opposite them, watching to see who would notice the food first.

While he waited, Zayn decided go over what had happened earlier in his head, to see if he had…

Missed anything.

He had seen Niall running up the stairs, but something had struck him as wrong, so he had followed.

Niall had gone to the roof, and Zayn saw him swaying lightly,

probably from lack of food now that Zayn though about it,

his eyes unfocused,

then he had taken a couple of steps forward, his heels now balanced on the edge, and a grimace had crossed his lips as he swayed particularly hard.

Zayn had realized Niall was falling forward,

even though he had made no move to stop himself,

though somehow Zayn had also known he knew what he was doing.

Out of impulse, Zayn had shouted,”NIALL!”

Niall was startled, yelling out,”FUCK!” and stumbling backwards.

Running forward to catch him, Zayn had nearly succeeded to do so, until Niall’s body had hit Zayn and they had fallen. Niall had taken a few minutes, then rolled over, and Zayn had felt him looking, while he had held his stomach, trying not to groan.

Niall’s elbows were hard as hell.

Finally, Zayn had pushed himself up, and looked Niall in his eyes.

They had sent a shiver through Zayn,

they looked so…

Dead.

Zayn had stood up, helping Niall up as well until he was,

though unsteadily,

standing,

which was more like leaning,

next to,

more like on,

Zayn.

Putting his arm around Niall’s shoulders, whether to stop him from trying to do whatever he had been doing before, or to support his light weight, Zayn still didn’t know, they had quietly walked downstairs, to Zayn’s part of the complex, and as they had stumbled down the corridor, Niall had fallen,

so Zayn carried Niall into his apartment.

Zayn had lay him down on one of his couches, and went to find his phone, planning on getting Niall’s favorite food, so that he might eat something,

and hopefully,

start eating more often.

After Zayn had finished, he came back to find Niall gone. Having an idea where he was, Zayn immediately went to save Niall, and most likely, his life.

Again.

He had been right in my assumptions, he was in the bathroom, but Zayn didn’t want to figure out what for, though he pretty much already knew. His back was to Zayn, and Niall had been frantically going through my cabinets, mumbling something that sounded like,”Gotta have it, gotta have it” over and over again.

Suddenly, he had turned and slid down, so that his back was now facing the cabinets. Zayn had gotten a good look at Niall’s eyes while he fumbled with something in his lap, and they looked…

Greedy,