shifted in me the moment I refused to give Klaus what he wanted. I could feel it creeping in slowly, but I.. I didn't know.

If only I'd known.

Maybe I could have stopped it; locked myself away where I couldn't hurt anyone. Or maybe even that wouldn't have helped. Whatever Klaus wanted, he got. And he wanted me to bite Caroline.

So I did.

I remember the surprise I felt, the pure shock of being so unaware of what my own body was doing. It was in that moment I realized with a sickening jolt that I wasn't in control. I've never hated myself more than I did right then. I've never hated him more. He had done this to me. I thought he'd given me freedom, but all he gave me was a new set of chains. And this set was even more constricting than the first.

After that night, I swore to myself I would never let him force me to hurt anyone again. He wouldn't control me. Klaus had made the wrong choice this time, and I was going to make him watch in suffering as his world crumbles beneath his feet. Its what he deserves after turning my life into the mess it is now. My friends look at me and see Klaus' little bitch.

Bullshit. I'm nobody's bitch.

They should know that...They should. Have you ever had someone look at you and not see you? Do you know what its like to have to leave everything you care about behind just so you can fight to get it back?"

Eyes blazing with determination and a tinge of shame, I turn to look down at my companion resting on the ground beside the old log I was currently sitting on. His ears twitched slightly and his two fronts paws made a little digging motion as he lay there completely oblivious to a word I'd just said. I can't help but crack a slight smile at the mutt. I envied his oblivion

"No, I don't suppose you do know, huh?"

Sighing heavily, I look up into the night sky, trees slightly blocking my view. We were nestled deep in the mountains, away from any distractions, and for the first time in a while, I felt free. I just wanted that feeling to last. Slowly my gaze drifts down to the sleeping bodies littered around the fire that made up the entirety of the pack willing to giving me shelter and a new sense of hope. They had promised to help me break this bond. This sire bond I so desperately wanted to rid myself of. Taking a deep breath, my eyes glaze over in remembrance of today's grueling torture, and I whisper to the silent woods around me.

"Hell. This better work..."

I can feel the metal biting into my skin. It started out cold, but now its hot to the touch from the ever increasing friction caused by my struggling. Every move I make, every extra little bit of resistance, burns my skin even more. But I barely notice it. All I can focus on is the crippling pain of feeling each and every bone in my body cracking under the pressure of the change.

I can feel the metal biting into my skin.

It started out cold, but now its hot to the touch from the ever increasing friction caused by my struggling. Every move I make, every extra little bit of resistance, burns my skin even more. But I barely notice it. All I can focus on is the crippling pain of feeling each and every bone in my body cracking under the pressure of the change.

Its slow, excruciatingly so.

The pain hits in waves. One minute, I can think, breathe, and the next..

I.

Just.

Can't.

I feel like I'm on fire.

It hurts; it burns.

I can't stop it.

Why am I doing this?

I want to stop this.

Now.

Just put me out my misery already.

"I can't. I just-"

I cry out, a deep, frustrated cry of a man breaking to pieces. My shoulder is now dislocated, or broken. Probably broken.

Everything is broken.

Somewhere around me I can hear voices, but I can't make out what they're saying.

One word.

That's all I hear, but it spurs me on. It fuels my ever growing rage. There it is again.

"Klaus."

I manage to say his name, more of a growl than a coherent word, but I don't care.

"I'm gonna rip him to shreds."

And when the bastard heals, I'll do it again. I swear I will. That's what I had to focus on.

Stop thinking about the pain.

It doesn't matter.

Pain doesn't-

I gasp as another bone in my ribcage twists in an unnatural way; my spine bending and contouring to my impending form. I fight to think about my reasons for