swallows, wiped his lips on his sleeve, he set down his glass before he could break it.

He was ashamed to admit that deep down, he sort of hoped that Allura noticed his displeasure and would come over to check on him.


Did she even notice? Does she even care?


Letting out a growl of frustration, he let his head drop backwards against the pillar with a painful smack. He didn't even flinch.

His now upward-turned gaze greeted by the twin moons hanging overhead; Luminous and magnificent. Equally beautiful, but one slightly dimmer than the other due to its greater distance.  Sharing the same sky for eternity; but locked on separate orbits, each having their own individual role in maintaining the planet’s gravitational field.

He didn’t turn around as the click clack of heels coming to a stop behind him alerted him to the company.

“I don’t need to see your face to know what kind of look you have on your face right now.” The pleasant lilt of the voice confirmed the identity of his visitor. She continued on, more gently. “Why not enjoy the party with the rest of the team?”

He didn’t turn to face her.

“Afraid I can’t, princess.” He drawled. “I’m your guard tonight.” 

He still wasn’t looking at her, but he could envision perfectly her eyebrows raising and lips thinning in disapproval at his childish behavior.


Well, too bad.


She began walking closer. Click clack.

“Oh? Whatever are you guarding me from…?” Apparently, she was choosing to humor him; Allura didn’t need his protection and they both knew it.

“I already told you; I don’t think we should trust these Illusians. They’ve been a major supplier of weapons to the Galra for what, two thousand years?” He scoffed in disbelief, shaking his head before continuing.  “What makes you think this isn’t a trap?”

She came to a stop beside him, a very faint scent of the alcohol being served wafting from her.

She's been drinking too. He realized.

Not that she let it show, ever maintaining her public image of composed, peace-bringing princess.

She gave a hmm as if considering.

“Well, if we aren’t willing to give our potential allies the benefit of the doubt, how can we ever hope to attain a peaceful universe for all? The Illusians were under duress, they hardly had any choice but to do as Zarkon asked.”  She said, shaking her head. “At any rate, the treaty has already been signed, and I haven’t been assassinated yet.”

“The king can wipe his ass with his treaty.”

“Besides…” She continued on, pointedly ignoring the vulgar comment, “…even if it’s a trap, surely I have nothing to fear with you guarding me so well.” She gave a teasing chuckle, reaching out her hand to let a perfectly manicured fingernail slide down his arm along the fabric of his sleeve.

“Just in case, I suppose you’d better spend rest of the evening by my side, hm?”

He finally turned to look at her, feeling his lips into a deeper frown.

“Shouldn’t you be over there charming the king and smoothing the alliance or something?” He nearly winced at how pained his voice sounded even to his own ears.

She raised an eyebrow and tilted her head quizzically, seeming to consider for a few moments before her lips curled into a playful smirk.

“Are you pouting?  That’s…” Her shoulders shook as she tried in vain to stifle a giggle, doubling over slightly and clasping a hand to her mouth just before bursting into full-blown hysterics, earning her several looks from the curious onlookers that had Keith had found suspicious earlier.

Heat rose to his cheeks. “I-I just-… look, this guy’s been king all of three hours and thinks he has the right to- would you stop laughing at me?“

“No, no, I’m sorry, haha, you’re just so, hah-” She waved her hands in apology, gradually catching her breath and righting her posture, a childish grin causing dimples to form on her face.  “…Cute.”

He felt his face grow hotter even as he scoffed and rolled his eyes.


You’re the cute one.


Her smile turning knowing, and then she was reaching up to brush his hair aside, leaning forward to press her lips close to his ear. Her voice dropped to a whisper, “It’s difficult for me too, you know...”

Keith inhaled sharply, flinching as her breath tickled his ear.

“That starstruck gaggle of Illusians over there eyeballing you like you’re some kind of God or something… it makes me want to announce right here, right now, who you belong to.”

Oh. Oh.

A tingling warmth spread through his chest, the increased speed of his heartbeat betraying that this rare show of possessiveness from Allura pleased him far, far more than it probably should.

“You