somewhere? To see Abby, perhaps?"

Sherlock shook his head.

"Then what?"

The detective smiled playfully.

"As I said. Just a lovers' stroll in the countryside."

John stared.

"You're not serious."

"Umm... Nope. Actually, I just wanted to touch you in open air."

And without further notice, he tripped John and made them roll onto the grass by the side of the little path.

"Sherlock! What..."

John was interrupted by one of those bruising kisses that left him breathless and panting for more. But this time, something in his partner's eyes made him put a hand on the detective's chest, and push him back gently. The kiss felt too forced, the eagerness too skilfully shown. Sherlock looked at his friend inquiringly – but the uncertainty was back in the clear pupils.

"Sherlock." John caressed soothingly the cold palm with his thumb. "If you're not comfortable with anything... physical, it's okay. I don't mind. Well, maybe I will at the beginning, a bit, but... What I'm trying to say is that we don't have to do it. I won't leave you, even if you don't want me to touch you."

Sherlock pushed his hand back feverishly, eyes wide.

"What are you saying?"

"That it's fine if you don't want the sex."

"I..."

"Look, I didn't want you to think that you were disgusting, dirty or undesirable – or any other nonsense."

"Is that why you touched me in the first place?"

"What? No! God, no. I wanted you." John saw something flash in Sherlock's eyes and realized he'd used the past tense.

"I want you," he corrected precipitately. He felt himself blush with shame, hating to sound so bestial in front of his ethereal, intellectual partner, but he forced himself to keep his head up, and to look Sherlock in the eye.

"I want you, but I won't leave you if you refuse me. Hell, I won't stop loving you if you refuse me!"

Sherlock smiled jadedly. "This is chemistry, John. Whether you want it or not, if our relationship isn't fulfilling, you'll easily fall in love with someone el–"

"But it is fulfilling! I–"

"Do you think that I don't want you?" Sherlock cut in, realization hitting him. John took a deep breath.

"All I'm saying is that in any case, it's fine. It's all fine."

Sherlock just stared at him, utterly lost and confused. He just didn't understand how their conversation had ended up being about this. He didn't understand why John was suddenly making such a fuss. He didn't understand why it triggered a bitter taste in his mouth, when he should have been glad that John was being so tolerant and open-minded. He didn't understand, didn't understand... And the loss of sense was making his mind spiral right back into a chasm of self-deprecation.

"But it's not all fine, is it?"

"Sherlock..."

"My body is horrendous and I–"

"Sherlock!"

"I'm just grotesque. I am nothing physically. My body is only good for trans–"

John interrupted him with a kiss, swallowing his babble from his very lips.

"Shh..." he whispered against his mouth.

"Don't you shh m... mmh!"

John tried to keep the kiss gentle and reassuring, but Sherlock's mouth was so hungry and his tongue so violently desperate that he was having a hard time not drowning into the touch.

"You're not grotesque," he whispered, resting his brow against Sherlock's, their noses rubbing, their lips brushing. "You're beautiful." Then, as an after thought. "You're handsome, Sherlock."

The detective snorted.

"You're a very bad liar, John."

John kissed the corner of his lips, then his cheek, his cheekbone...

"I know..."

… the side of his nose, his eyebrow, the temple...

"... that's why I wouldn't lie to you."

… the top of the ear, the lobe, the chin. Sherlock was letting him do whatever he wanted with his face, each kiss making him shiver a little more, of pleasure, expectation, or just an overload of undesired emotions, he couldn't tell. All he knew was that Mycroft had been right. John was so much under his skin now that when they parted, he would take all warmth away.

"Then you're not lying," he murmured. "That's why they say love is blind."

His voice was deep, his tone mocking – the tone of a cynic. John's hand in his curls pulled the hair gently and curved the nape of his neck, forcing Sherlock to lock