,” Leonard whispered. He began to suspect that he was badly out of his depth but had no idea how to get out of this—and wasn’t sure that he really wanted to. He peeked at his dick hanging heavy and swollen between his spread thighs. He shivered at the thought of the obscene picture it made.

“Tell me what you want, cadet,” ordered the captain.

“Um…” Leonard’s mind blanked. There was no way he could actually articulate his filthy desires.

“Say it. Tell me you want me to fuck you.” The captain cupped both softly furred balls in his hand and squeezed, gently but implacably.

“Sir,” stuttered Leonard. “Please.”

“Please what?” The hand tightened.

“Fuck me. Oh god, please!”

“Since you beg so nicely, cadet.” Pike pulled away from him. Leonard heard the rasp of a zipper being lowered, the rustle of fabric being pushed open. He bit down on his lower lip, sweating both hot and cold as if he was feverish. Lubed fingers suddenly pushed against his pucker. He began to panic again. Was he clean down there?

When two fingers pushed brutally into him, all thoughts fled his head in the face of the aching burn. “Damn, you’re tight,” muttered Pike, twisting the fingers roughly. Leonard bit the inside of his cheek hard, trying to contain his anxiety. Fingers continued to twist and scissor inside him and it wasn’t nearly as sexy in real life as it had always been in his fantasies – or in Susanna’s stories. He jumped suddenly when the fingers rubbed over his prostate. It sent an electric shudder through him, desperately intense. He wasn’t sure whether he liked it or not.

Pike was kneeling between his legs, one hand pushing up into his ass, the other gripping hard on his hip. The brush of the fabric of Pike’s pants against his flushed skin reminded him just how naked he was compared to the captain. The contrast was both humiliating and achingly arousing.

Pike pulled back; Leonard heard the slick slap of skin against skin, presumably the man lubing his cock. Oh god, this was really, finally going to happen. A blunt head pushed against his pucker. It felt enormous. He was sure there was supposed to be more stretching but it was far too late to admit that he might need more. The cockhead pressed inexorably into his narrow ass. He remembered just enough from Susanna’s porn to breathe deeply and push out.

Dear god, the man felt gigantic. And his dick went on forever. Pike rocked in tight short thrusts, burying himself ever deeper in Leonard’s achingly stretched ass, until he was finally buried balls to buttocks. Leonard’s head hung down between his shoulders. He was panting hard, braced against the weight and force of Pike’s body.

“Do you like that, cadet?” Pike grunted. “Your greedy hole stuffed with my stiff prick?”

Leonard mumbled something incoherent. His cock was flagging and he was less than sure that he did like this. Pike seemed unconcerned, beginning to pull out slowly and then push back in hard. Leonard gritted his teeth and began counting silently as a distraction. How long could the man last? Given his age, probably quite a long time. He swallowed down his panic.

Pike ran a hand up his spine and thrust it into his hair, pulling Leonard’s head up, panting hotly into his ear. “Is this what you wanted, cadet? Pinned down, fucked hard, told to take it like a man?” Leonard shivered. Now that was sexy. This was very close to his hottest, dirtiest fantasy, the one he’d always called on when needing to come. Those awful nights in the failing years of his marriage, when Jocelyn had agreed to sex with a martyred sigh, when he’d taken care of her with his mouth – always the guaranteed way to get her to come – and was now fucking her while she had that pinched look, suggesting she just wanted him to finish already. (Although he had a certain sympathy for that point of view right now.) Anyway, in such moments he’d pushed his guilt about his gay fantasies aside and imagined being held down by a powerful, older man, given no choice, his pleasure rung out of him against his will. He had more than enough psychological training to know what that fantasy was about but it didn’t stop it working for him every time.

Ignoring the throb in his ass, he let himself sink back into the fantasy, now given a delicious edge by the string of filth Pike whispered in his ear. The man was bent over his back, one arm planted at his side, a warm shell of hard muscle, the rough fabric of the jacket rubbing against his skin. Pike shifted again, and sparks of pain-pleasure skated up Leonard’s spine as that thick prick skated over his prostate. A firm hand slid under his belly and began to pump at his half-hard cock.