.

"I thought it was a cute nickname and since we haven't come up with anything else, yes I am. Now, you're getting off topic. You, bar, happy Dean, and happy Gabriel, how about it?" He said and Sam sighed.

"Fine, but it anything, anything at all, happens..." Sam trailed off knowing the archangel would get it. Gabriel smiled.

"I'll call you. Promise. But trust me I'm not going into labor this early." Gabriel teased giving Sam a quick kiss.

"Come up with a different nickname while I'm gone. I don't want you referring to our son as a piece of candy." Sam ordered causing Gabriel to pout.

"But it's cute and I love candy." He whined causing Sam to roll his eyes.

"No. No candy nicknames because next thing I know the poor kid is going to be named Snickers and there is no way I'm letting my son be named after a chocolate bar. I'm putting my foot down now to stop it from snowballing." Sam explained with a frown and it was Gabriel's turn to roll his eyes.

"Firstly, our baby could be a girl, we don't know yet. Secondly Snickers is a horrible name. I'd name her Caramel or something tasty. Lastly my baby, my nickname. You, however, can call our jelly bean whatever you like." Gabriel listed while Sam sighed thinking he might be fighting a loosing battle.

"Okay enough mushy stuff! My brother needs to get out and he'll never reach the front door at this pace. Let's go Sam!" Dean interrupted grabbing Sam's arm and dragging him to the front door.

"Bye Sammy! Have fun!" Gabriel called after his lover and Sam gives him a wave before following Dean out to the impala.

"I'm bored. What can we do? Usually I'd mess with Dean now but he and your Daddy are out." Gabriel told his belly as he laid on the couch channel surfing. He had promised Cas he'd take it easy and he didn't want to break that promise especially because it wouldn't be good for the baby. Laying back Gabriel tried to force himself to get some sleep. After laying there for ten minutes to no avail he decided to try something else. Focusing on his bond with Sam he tried to pick up on what his hunter was feeling. It was weak but Gabriel could definitely sense worry and there was... anger? Gabriel opened his eyes wondering if Sam was angry at him for forcing him to leave. Sam yelling at him came to mind and Gabriel started to worry if maybe he had made the wrong choice sending Sam with Dean.

"Stop it Dean. I hope Cas smites you. I thought this was supposed to be fun." Sam complained as Dean tried to get him to flirt with a girl across the bar. Closing his eyes at the growing headache Dean was causing, Sam was surprised when he felt a sudden rush of panic that faded before he could do hardly even think about it. He wondered what had happened until he remembered Gabriel telling him they might feel each others emotions. Trying to place where the feeling came from he was surprised when he felt it again tenfold. Flipping open his phone he dialed Gabriel's number causing Dean to frown but he didn't say anything.

"Gabriel?" He asked when his lover answered.

"Yeah? Is something up Sammy?" Gabriel asked in reply and Sam was able to hear a slight tremor in his voice that he was beginning to realize was only there when his angel was upset about something.

"What's wrong? Don't tell me it's nothing or I'll be back there in less then an hour. Why are you so worried?" Sam questioned almost being able to hear the head tilt through the phone. Apparently it was an angel thing.

"How... You felt it, didn't you?" He asked and Sam nodded before remembering he was on the phone.

"Yeah, I did. What's wrong?" Sam admitted hoping Gabriel wasn't going to try to hide something from him again.

"... Are you angry because I made you leave?" Gabriel asked and Sam blinked in shock.

"Of course not! I'm glad you told me how you were feeling and I'm fine with it. I know I was being a bit overbearing. I am, however, getting angry at Dean for being a pest." He said giving Dean a look as he heard Gabriel breath a sigh of relief on the other line and felt relief wash over him through their bond..

"We're you really that worried that was going to be mad at you? Because what I felt from you was just short of a panic attack." Sam asked feeling guilty that his lover would feel that way because of him.

"I let my imagination get the better of me. I- I had convinced myself you were going to leave