they won’t shut their mouths,” Xing said, biting on his bottom lip just a bit. Zitao just ignored the comment and continued studying through the endless divisions of learning nothing but a fact or two with his coterie.
"Zitao... by any chance, are you okay?" Yixing asked him at the end of the day. "Why?" Zitao asks. The atmosphere between them of sparks drown in the past sorrows Zitao has had. Yixing raises Zitao's head and hugs him randomly as they walk past the school gate.
"Because... You've been through so much," Yixing says, sniffing up. "I don't wanna see you get hurt," the random but thought of question rings through Zitao's head. “Thanks, Xing. What would I truly do without you?” He finally risen to occasion to say. Xing sighed and conveyed his feelings, “I don’t really know, but I don’t think I’ll be able to do anything without you, Zitao, if it’s so bad over there, then don’t forget you have me, okay? Just come over if you need some help,”
“Xing, stop being such an ass, okay? I can handle this by myself. It’s time for me to learn anyways, but, thank you. Man, I really can’t say that enough. You’re the best, and I love you.”

Yixing's house. PB&J sandwiches. Dumb boys are always dumb.

;u; did you enjoy the last chapter ahaha you probably didn't but oh well, and this one is very boring and plain.

“Shut up,” Yixing says, red staining his cheeks. “You suck, Zitao,” his eyes water. Zitao just stands there, by his side as they start to walk steps closer to their homes. “You really suck, because I love you too,” “Please,” he said exaggeratedly, “‘Just fly me to the moon and let me play with the stars,’ Diana Phanton,” he quoted silently as he kicked a rock continuously on the sidewalk turning gray.
The two walked back slowly, almost in a trance because of the golden crisp sun luminously shining on the sides of their faces.  “Sometimes I wonder where in the world you came from,” Yixing articulated. “Clearly, Qingdao, I think you remember, unless you have amnesia,” he laughed. Yixing chuckled a bit. “Alright, well, I’ll see you in a while, Taozi,” he jarred. Xing sparkled, as he winked. “Go away,” Zitao laughs as the sun shines over his face, “Bye, Xing xing.”
The two turned away from each other and opened the doors with a key, infiltrating the empty space to open. Both doors creaked wide open, and closed with just a slight sound of a lock, closing in.
"I'm back!" Yixing called down the narrow hallways of his house, his mother just barely hearing his voice. "Yixing! Zitao said he'd come over later, okay? Don't bore the poor boy!" She called, her voice curling around Yixing's ear. "Alright! Did he say he was coming for dinner?" “Yes, Zitao’s aunt gave permission for him to come over for dinner, he said he was coming over at about 4:15!”
Alright, now all Yixing could do is grab his homework and start. 4:15 came sooner than he though, especially from the beginnings of 3:20. By that time, he was three fourths the way done of the calculus homework the dumb teacher assigned him. He heard the front doors open. Zitao! Yixing ran up to the escape route, and twisted the knob and the door swooped open.
“Hi,” Zitao smiled and the words rolled off his tongue. “Hey,” the other boy replied, even his heart thumping just a little more because of his lovely presence. “Come in,” he finally said. Zitao walked in and took of his dress shoes and slipped on some slippers for respect. “Want to do homework with me?” Yixing asked quietly, his voice croaking a little. Zitao answered, “Sure, I brought some calculus homework, I already finished history, but I haven't fi ished poetry.”
"That's fine. I finished history at school and I was just working on calculus," the other jawwed. "Hey, do want some peanut butter jelly sandwiches?" "Oh my God, please, yes, just yes!" Zitao begged his arms coming up to a praying pose after he set his bags down to the marble floor, peaks of green and white looking ripped from the ground. "Stop getting so excited, you look like a child!" Yixing said, laughing at his remark. "Do you want to die?!" Panda raised his hand up and pretended to smack him hard into next week.
"But, okay," Yixing then, spoke, walking towards the stove and cabinets close to them. Yixing grabbed some bread, peanut butter