Manami didn’t wander off and get obliterated somewhere.

    But as soon as they’d gotten through the door, Arakita had grabbed Kinjou by the arm and the two of them had scurried off into the party, allegedly to “go find beer,” insisting they’d “be right back.” Machimiya had tried to follow the direction he thought they’d gone, and though he made it to a punch bowl (really a storage tub full of mystery drink if he was being honest with himself) he didn’t make it back to Kinjou and Arakita.  And Manami apparently hadn’t followed him.  

    He turned back the way he’d come, drink in hand, and did eventually find them.  Against a wall in one of the living room’s darker corners. But Arakita had his lips pressed to Kinjou’s neck and Kinjou had his hands on Arakita’s hips and they had decidedly abandoned Manami duty.

    Machimiya’s eyebrows twitched.  He knew better than to touch that with a ten foot pole.

    And now here he was, in the kitchen of some stranger’s apartment, surrounded by a teeming mass of people, with Manami nowhere to be found.  This was like being in the middle of a robbery, and your friends all take off when the cops come and leave you holding the bag.  Not that Machimiya really knew anything about cops. But he had definitely been left holding the bag here.  Or in this case, not holding it.

    He wasn’t sober enough for this. Where was Manami? Kinjou and Arakita were making out again and it wasn’t even subtle or secretive this time and he, Machimiya Eikichi, was trying not to make it weird but it was still weird dammit, and Manami was gone and how can someone with bright blue hair disappear so quickly?

    Maybe what he actually wasn’t was drunk enough for this.

    He refilled his beer.

    Machimiya heard Manami before he found him, his teammate's bell-like laugh ringing down the hall.  He pushed his way through the crowd and there, finally, was the blue haired climber.  Manami was dancing with a girl Machimiya didn't recognize (maybe another freshman?) his hands on her hips as she leaned in towards his ear.

    "Ah, Machimiya-senpai," Manami tilted his chin in greeting which in turn forced the girl he was dancing with to slide her lips further down his neck.
Machimiya felt his heart leap into his throat.

    "He's my teammate," Manami offered, and the girl grinned.

    “C'mere and join us,” she said.

    Machimiya took a tentative step toward the duo, wobbling a bit on his feet.  Before he knew it, the girl was reaching around Manami to pull him forwards, resting her grip directly above his ass.  He stumbled and raised his arms to catch himself, and found himself pressed bodily against Manami, one hand on Manami's shoulder, the other on the girl behind him.  She grinned, leaning in against his grip, Manami sandwiched firmly between them, and kissed him firmly over Manami's shoulder.

    Machimiya found himself mere inches from Manami's lips.  They looked pink and shiny and a little kiss swollen.

    Something turned over in Machimiya's stomach as Manami's eyes locked with his.

    The music continued to throb around them but somehow Machimiya found he couldn't hear it anymore.

    The girl's hand groped further over his ass and Manami’s hip ground into his and then they were kissing. Manami's lips were slick and they both probably reeked of alcohol but Machimiya gasped as Manami opened his hot mouth against Machimiya's own.

    He sighed in disappointment as Manami pulled away but his mouth was quickly replaced by the girl and Machimiya moved his hand up from her shoulder to wind his fingers into her hair at the back of her head.

    "Mm, Machimiya-senpai," Manami murmured against his neck. ”You're good at this.” A shiver ran down Machimiya’s spine as he felt the warm puff of Manami’s breath at his pulse point change to the moist pressure of lips and tongue.

    The girl pulled him closer and licked hungrily into his mouth.  Machimiya felt his knees get weak at the feeling of being kissed by two different mouths, two different sources or hot breath ghosting over his skin.

    He watched as Manami turned his head and gave the girl a deep kiss of his own, before pulling Machimiya back into another kiss. Machimiya's hands moved to Manami's hips just to keep his balance, stumbling forward as Manami swayed his body against him roughly in time with the beat. The girl had her hands at Manami’s waist behind him, caressing over his chest periodically.  Machimiya’s eyes fluttered shut as Manami kissed him more deeply, and he tried not to think too hard about the compact musculature of Manami's body, versus the smooth curves of any girl he'd kissed, or about the calluses of Manami's hands, though he definitely gasped as one tightened in his hair, reflexively tightening his own grip on Manami'