Liam.  Technically Niall had found out about the rumors first but Louis was the first to tell Liam about it.  It was all everyone was talking about now, even Lou was muttering about how furious she was.  She had become a mother figure to them all, and she was out right pissed with this rumor stacked along with the rumor of him leaving.

“I don’t know, look, there are paparazzi everywhere outside.  Security managed to keep them away from the bus but eventually we’ll have to go through them.  We don’t have enough people to cover the side entrances to the building and the bus.  Paul said once the concert starts they’ll most likely begin to wait out by the bus.” Liam pinched the bridge of his nose, a habit he picked up from caring after four other boys.

“We can’t just tell them to get lost?”

“Even if we’re performing here, this isn’t our property.  We don’t have the rights to kick them out; too much paperwork and not a lot of time.” Louis heard Liam’s defeated sigh and frowned with concern.  Though he was still raging inside, he didn’t want any of his lovers to worry.

“It’ll be fine Li, we can handle this.  We’ve been through worse.” Liam nodded his head, not caring that Louis couldn’t see it.  He looked back to the bus, knowing Zayn would eventually find out about the rumors.  Even if he hides Zayn’s phone, he’d find out.

“You should both start heading over here so we can start rehearsals.” Liam sighed and realized Louis was right; it wouldn’t be right to cancel rehearsals for a second time.  “Okay, see you guys soon.  Love you.” He stuffed his phone into his pocket and walked back onto the bus where Zayn was still sleeping in his bunk.  He looked peaceful in his sleep, a small smile now grazing his lips.  And though Liam wanted to leave him there, tell everyone that he’s got the flu and won’t be able to make it, he reached out and shook him awake.

“Zaynie?  C’mon Zayn, can you wake up for me?” Zayn’s eyes slowly cracked open and he smiled lazily up at Liam.  “Hi.” His voice was rough from sleep and he slowly sat up, stretching in the small space provided for him.  He looked behind him and frowned when he saw the other empty bunks.

“Where is everyone?” Liam helped him out of the bunk and left to grab him something small to eat.  He thought the Granola bar would be good for now, so he grabbed one for each of them.

“They left a while ago to apologize for missing yesterday’s rehearsal.  Now they’re just waiting for us to get there so we can start.” Zayn nodded and grabbed his Granola bar, kissing Liam softly before biting on the small snack.  “What time is it?”

“Almost noon.  C’mon, lets head out.” He was happy they all were too lazy to change out of yesterday’s clothes, so they could leave faster.  Zayn had grabbed a beanie on the way out (he thinks it was Harry’s but he’s not sure) and placed it over his ruffled hair.  Wrapping an arm around the older boy’s waist, he walked along with him into the building.  He didn’t know how long it would be until Zayn would find out about the rumor or how he would react.  He was just hoping he could stall that moment.

……..

It didn’t take long for Zayn to find out about the rumors.

Everyone, and he meant everyone, was talking about it.  Crew members were muttering about Lauren, not being as quiet as they should’ve been when Liam and Zayn passed them.  A few of the stylists they passed had sent both of them sympathetic looks that which got Zayn very confused.  It didn’t really help that all Liam could hear from everyone was poor guy and Night Fusion. 

He’s pretty sure Zayn figured out something was wrong when he heard someone mention a girl being slapped at a club.  They had finally reached their small media room where their game stations and three other boyfriends were when Zayn asked.

“What’s everyone talking about?” He kissed each of his boyfriends, finally settling down on Harry’s lap on the couch.  Liam sat down next to them, Niall sitting down on his with Louis resting his head against Niall’s shoulder.

“What have you heard?” Zayn shrugged his shoulders, shifting around to get more comfortable.  Once finding a suitable position he finally answered.  “Something about a club.  A girl named Lauren getting slapped?  Do we know any Laurens?” Niall shook his head, looking over to Louis and Liam for answers.  Those two were usually the ones they went to for help, and Liam realize Niall wanted him and Louis to be the ones to tell him.

“Zayn…promise you won’t freak