, but had a wider body. 

Ken stepped back then looked around, one of the males stood up walking toward the big male and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Sorry man...He’s gotta search you” he said before stepping back, ken was mentally kicking himself for the gun he forgotten in the back of his pants, having a holster tipped guys off that you were a cop. Be a cop, think like a cop, act like a criminal was what Kens trainer always taught him. 

Ken raised his arms up above his head “Look man, I’m gonna be straight with you I got my gun on me...I never leave home without it” he said as he held his hands in the air “My father gave me this gun.” Which was a damn lie, Ken hated his drunk of a father but everyone on the force loved that SOB, his brother did buy him the 9mm S&W gun and taught him how to shoot. Though Kens brother never came home from his last mission, he wouldn’t believe that he was dead, Ken knew the in’s and out’s of secret missions. They would berry the empty casket, and give the family the flag when the person was a war hero, his brother was and still is one. 

The male walked up to Ken reaching into the back of his pants for the gun, he took his time to feel Ken’s waist, than his butt Ken growled slightly mumbling under her breath when the gun was finally pulled free of his waist band. The male unloaded the gun popping the bullet out of the chamber and throwing it on a table, “You will get your gun after you leave” he said as he walked back toward the table. Ken shook his head a bit but began to look around more, he noticed the females weren’t just regular hoes that hung around the men for sex all day. These woman wore collars, they were quiet while they sat at the table counting huge stacks of bills. 

Ken waited by the wall till the person he was looking for came from the back room with another female, she stopped in front of him fixing his clothes before bowing “Have a good day at work Master” she told him before going to join the other females. The male spotted Ken, he began to walk toward him with a slight limp, his long midnight blue hair was in a ponytail. It made him look like one of the females but his body build said otherwise, he stopped in front of Ken and nodded.

“Names Saint...you the man that's suppose to be joining my crew?” he asked his voice deep and rough, Ken nodded his eyes straying toward the females once more.
“Names Kc, Nice to be working with you” he said as he finally looked back at Saint and shook his now outstretched hand. 

“Right well lets go, we need to hit two places” he said as he dropped his hand snapping twice, he got each of the girls attention and picked one out. “Get your leash and lets go” he told her, the woman hopped up getting a leash by the front door, she kneeled in front of him handing him the leash. He bent down clipping the leash to her thick leather collar and opened the door stepping out, she followed behind him without question. 

Is this what the town was reduced too? Keeping females as pets and keeping them on leash? It didn’t look like they were complaining but hes only been there for a few minutes, Ken walked beside Saint not saying anything. 

They walked down the block hitting a block that had a few shops, he walked into one of the fetish shops and stood at the front. Ken walked in behind him and looked around at everything, he realized his pants felt like they were getting smaller. He tried to discreetly adjust himself in the Jeans to it would be much more comfortable but noticed an employee at the Job was watching him. He cleared his throat looking away, she walked up to him swaying her hips and licking her lips. 

“Would you like a hand with that? I promise to be gentle” she said as she ran her hands down his chest, Ken blushed as he looked down at her, he shook his head a bit but stiffened when she began to rub his crotch. “Aw come on big daddy, I would love to please you” she purred in his ear, Ken nearly moaned he was use to one night stands but no one ever spoke seductive to him. 

“What’s your name sweetheart?” he asked trying to keep his composer
“Its Roxy, Come here” she took his hand and lead him to a back room, She closed the curtain and pushed Ken against the wall. 

“Go easy on him Rox!” Saint yelled as he handled his business at the front, Roxy giggled softly as she rubbed against him, Ken gathered his thoughts and stopped her from going any further. 

“Easy baby, Listen I don’t fuck em and leave them if they as honorable as you” Ken pet her head