he got so close.

“Hey, man, pay attention,” said Kavinsky, words slick like oil. Skov thought he might choke on them. 

Kavinsky slid a thumb into his mouth, pressed Skov’s tongue down, forced his jaw open. Skov was glad he could no longer beg to be slit open and freed. He groaned instead, rolling his hips up, and Kavinsky hissed.

The sound of the distant party slid between being background noise and the loudest thing in the room, louder than the sound of Skov’s jeans as he desperately worked his hips, louder than the blood in his ears. Someone sounded like they were screaming.

“Fuck,” said Kavinsky, and he got up. Skov felt cold where he’d been, hollow everywhere else. “That’s fucking Jiang."

"What?" His voice sounded far away to his own ears.

"Time to get going.”

Skov stared at him, and wondered if his face said any of the things trapped below his throat. If it did, Kavinsky didn’t answer. He pulled Skov to his feet, kept a hand on his arm, and took him outside. Skov barely felt the cold, although his breath misted in front of him and he didn’t have his shirt. He barely felt anything.

Kavinsky drove him back, and for a while, Skov thought they were going to Aglionby. The sky was bright with false dawn before they stopped in front of Kavinsky’s place, and Skov was so fucking relieved he felt he might vomit.

Kavinsky’s room was a goddamn mess. It smelled like sweat and weed and sex and Skov loved it, secretly, loved the ratty coverings on Kavinsky’s bed and the disgusting carpet and the peeling posters of cars on the walls. He wished he had a room like it, part of him no matter how awful. He also, sometimes, thought about burning it to the ground.

Skov collapsed on the bed and stared at Kavinsky’s ceiling. He heard the others in the house, shouting and laughing. Kavinsky left to join them, or get something, or whatever.

“What’s with Skov?” It sounded like Jiang. Skov brushed his hair out of his eyes. His fingers smelled faintly like blood.

“Fucking sick.”

“Oh.”

Jiang wanted Kavinsky in an obvious way. His eyes crawled over him every time they were in the same room, desperate. If Skov was ever so obvious, he hoped someone would punch him. Sometimes Swan punched Jiang; Swan was Skov’s favorite.

Swan was just as bad as the rest of them, of course, but he was Skov’s favorite anyway. He forgave him for craving Kavinsky the same way he forgave them all. What sad little addicts; Kavinsky was bad for them, of course they’d pant after him. Skov did it too, sometimes, but he was sure he wasn’t so transparent as the others. He was sure, because Swan liked to ask him why he hung around.

For this, Skov didn’t tell him. Skov tried not to talk if he could help it. Things sounded so much smaller outside his head.

He stretched in Kavinsky’s bed, relishing the dark.

He wanted something he could not have, and shouldn’t want. He wondered what he’d done all day, to make him so wired he couldn’t will himself to sleep. He wondered if the person whose body he had stolen would ever come back for it. He wondered if he could’ve ever felt normal, maybe, in some other life. He wondered if he would die before he knew the answer. Then he rolled over, stripped out of his jeans, and his underwear, and waited.

Skov was not normal; his grandmother had told him the truth when he was small, the only one to know. She’d whispered the secret into his ear, and he had remembered. He had not cried; she had.

The memory of it hurt. He wished, in that moment, fierce and hard, that he could go to Swan. Swan wouldn’t understand, but he would hold him and curse and touch Skov where he needed to be touched, and it was more than enough.

Kavinsky came back instead. Skov loved and hated and wanted Kavinsky, who did understand. Kavinsky understood what Skov wanted, and what he needed, and he was willing to give Skov exactly that. Skov, in return, knew Kavinsky. He understood all the bits inside him that didn’t quite fit, too monstrous or sharp or loose or angry. He admired his control, his skill in forgery, loved the way he saw people, loved the way he used them. Kavinsky was something else, something different composed with everyday parts. He was something else. They were two of a kind.

Make me human, Skov wanted to say. Make me a person, make me real. He could almost hear Kavinsky’s reply.


Never.


“Fucking Jiang,” said Kavinsky. He threw his shirt to the ground,