teasing or shy, didn’t fit him.

 

I sighed, closing my eyes. ”All I ever wanted was to be myself.”

 

Mrs. McClain held up her hands. ”I get that, I do. But if you don’t want the world to know, then why make it so flashy? When people look at you, they don’t see a boy. They see a girl in drag. Why don’t you just do us all a favor and be who you’re supposed to be.”

 

This is who I’m supposed to be, I wanted to argue, but my throat was too dry and my tongue was numb.

 

The next morning I went to school in a dress and makeup. Lance stared at me with wide eyes. A part of me had expected him to look relieved, but he didn’t. Instead, he had looked at me in worry. The second we stood in front of each other, he gripped my wrist, holding me in place, asking me if I’m okay.

 

No, I wanted to say. I wanted to scream. But all I could hear was what his mom had said. That all I wanted was attention. Why should I change a perfectly good body?

 

”I’m okay”, I said instead.

 

Lance frowned at me. ”Why are you dressed like this, Keith?”

 

I yanked my arm out of his grip and said, ”Because I looked like a girl in drag.” Lance stood frozen and stunned as I walked away from him, leaving him behind me.

 

”Wait!” he yelled after me but I kept walking, shaking my head. He didn’t come after me and I didn’t know if I had wanted him to or not.

 

I had pretended to be Kat for so much of my life, it was a role I was assigned but couldn’t outgrow. A costume I couldn’t take off.

 

I already had a girl’s body and all I had to do was embrace it. My problem was that I’ve worn this costume ever since I was born, and it never quite fit me. It’s like wearing an itchy shirt you can’t take off and with every passing day it gets itchier and itchier.

 

I could wear girl clothes and I could wear makeup and I could make myself look like any other girl and I could pass as a girl but it will never be more than an act for me.

 

I can wear clothes that make me feel comfortable. I can do that but people will take one look at me and think that I’m a girl in a boy’s clothes. That I’m a girl wearing my boyfriend’s clothes.

 

That I’m a girl in drag.

 

They won’t see who I am, they’ll just see the mask I can’t take off. They won’t see that the girl part is the real costume and that there’s another face beneath the act. My true face.

 

They say some actors are born to play a certain character, but they never expected it to be in the literal sense, like it was for me.

 

Being who you are is a privilege I wasn’t born with, amongst other things. My brother doesn’t know how good he has it. Lance doesn’t know how good he has it. Instead, he fell in love with me and I ruined his perfect life and perfect world.

 

And his perfect girl.

 

I walked like that for a week, dressed up, looking pretty as if I was prepared for Halloween. Pretending to be someone else. Putting on the mask I wanted so badly to take off.

 

For a week Shiro gave me a disapproving look, telling me to stop doing this. But I couldn’t. I had pretended to be Kat before, I could easily pretend to be her again.

 

For a week Lance looked like he was in physical pain, whenever his eyes met mine and for a week I pretended I didn’t notice.

 

Because maybe Lance’s mom had been right, and all I wanted was attention?

 

Friday came around, I pretended not to notice all the looks my peers were giving me when I walked past them. I ignored the questions in Pidge’s and Hunk’s eyes when they met mine, but most of all I avoided the piercing blue ones that I loved. Lance’s eyes. I avoided them because I knew the pain hiding there, I knew the way he looked at me, as if just looking at me like this was too hard for him. A part of me was glad someone shared my pain.

 

”If you hate this so much”, Shiro had said, his arms crossed over his chest, as he watched me put on mascara this morning. ”Why don’t you just stop?”

 

I met my brother’s hard gaze through the reflection of the mirror before sighing. ”I don’t know”, I said, looking away. It was true, I had no idea why I couldn