.”

England scoffed. “Please, I’ve been fucking since before you were discovered.”

“Rock, paper, scissors!” America called. While England watched in confusion, each one revealed their choice at the count of three. The results apparently meant something to them, because all three shifted positions. America crawled to the end of the bed and stuck his barenaked ass in the air. Al pulled England to his feet and the U.S. handed him the bottle of lube.

“Gentleman first,” Al purred.

Tingling with anticipation, England rubbed the lube in his hands until it was warm and then quickly coated his fingers. He easily slipped the first lubricated finger past America’s sphincter and was surprised to find his lover already loose and ready. “Did you three… ah!” he gasped as Al’s finger circled his own entrance.

“We got bored while we were waiting,” the U.S. explained, not sounding at all ashamed about being a doppelbanger.

“Mmm,” England mumbled to himself, happily daydreaming about the expanse of firm muscle and delicious tanned skin of three Americas fucking each other senseless with their incredible strength. His cock throbbed and begged for attention while he imagined the Americas kissing each other and running their hands through sweaty blond hair and orgasming together. “Nnngh.”

“We filmed it for you,” Al whispered into England’s ear as he added another finger. It took all of England’s strength not to cum just from the thought. He quivered as Al added the final finger and his knees nearly buckled. The cowboy wrapped an arm around him and held him upright as his strength returned. “Ready?”

“Yes…” Panting breathlessly with desire, England pressed his cock into America’s ass. With the ring making him rock-hard and expanding his girth, even America’s stretched walls felt wonderfully tight. Moments later, he curled his fingers into America’s hips as the cowboy began to move, his cock filling England completely. The pleasant strain on both ends made him groan with desire. Oh god, both was good. His cock begged for release as his prostrate demanded more attention. They began to rock back and forth rhythmically, like a speedboat crashing through the waves, and England cried out in pleasure with each thrust. “More, more!” he demanded.

Moments later, music began to play. “One, two, three…” the CD player blared as the U.S. grinned at them like the cheeky sod that he was. “Not only you and me. Got 180 degrees and I'm caught inbetween.”

Al gave it good and hard, making low noises in the back of his throat that would have been enough to drive England wild on their own, even without the thick cock buried deep into his ass. In front of him, America’s gasps and moans added to the growing cacophony, a musical harmony of want, need, and desire. Still grinning, the U.S. came over, tilted England’s head to the side, and planted a passionate kiss on his lips.

Even the ridiculous Spears song playing in the background of their loud lovemaking wasn’t enough to stop England from reaching the heights of purest pleasure. He grunted and his vision went white. The ring made him ejaculate slowly, helping him ride the waves of pleasure as his cock stayed hard.

Beneath him, America’s knees buckled and he fell forward onto the bed. Completely satiated, England followed a moment later and Al tumbled on top of him, landing in a heap of sweaty limbs. They all took a moment to catch their breath.

“Is that all, old man?” the U.S. teased.

“Please, I could outlast you in bed any day,” England replied with a laugh as he sat up. He leaned forward and gave the teen’s cock a good lick. When America was being annoying, nothing shut him up faster than a warm mouth on his dick.

“Yeah… but I wasn’t… thinking about… the bed,” the U.S. said, struggling to reply as all of his blood rushed to his other head.

When England pulled back to ask what they had planned next, he found himself scooped up into America’s arms and just as quickly laid down on top of the nearby desk. His head dangled off one end and his legs off the other. It wasn’t particularly comfortable, but thoughts of comfort quickly fled his mind as Al began to suck his penis.

“Yes, god yes!” England moaned and arched upward as the other two took their positions on each end of the desk. The small part of his brain still capable of thought quickly realized what the two planned to do. The U.S. gently lifted England’s flexible legs over his shoulders and slowly penetrated England’s tight ass with a well-lubricated cock. On the other end, America slipped his cock into England’s mouth and playfully thrust back and forth. They moved to the beat, ramming him on both ends as his blood grew hot with