stressed lately.”“Not  as stressed as I’ll be when that Vulcan finds out that I let you delay  your checkup.  C’mon, let’s get off this ship. Don’t you worry, sugar,  I’ll do all I can to help.”…Captain  James T. Kirk was his most professional self, impressing the space dock  personnel with his encyclopedic knowledge of the structure and  condition of the Enterprise and his concern for his crew.  Space dock crew members listened and  watched him admiringly, enraptured by the modified, non-flirtatious  version of the Kirk Smile.   Kirk expressed both gratitude and interest  in the work of the space dock crew.  By the time the Enterprise crew members entered the space dock’s large transporter room and  prepared to beam down to the surface of Alpha Cachette, dozens of voices  whispered that his popularity in Starfleet circles was utterly  justified.  What a Captain! He’s got it all -- smarts -- looks -- tech knowledge -- people skills. I’d love to work for him.People  had underestimated Kirk at one time, Charles Steap had heard.  His own  experience had been the opposite -- good grades, star athlete, good  looks, early entry to Starfleet.  It was only when he found himself  assigned to missions that he had to deal with the frustration of not  being taken seriously enough.  Why couldn’t they see that he, himself,  would make as good a ship Captain -- hell, a better ship Captain -- than a smooth-talking farm boy like Kirk?  He managed  to keep the scowl off his face as the tingling swirl of the beaming  process began.After  beaming down to the transporter room of Starbase 231, the crew passed  through a security corridor lined with sensors. Steap held his breath,  wondering if the metal disk in his arm might set off some alarm, but he  emerged into the sunlight without hearing so much as a beep.  Perhaps  the disk was made from some amalgam as yet unknown to Federation  security. Another  round of greetings, this time from Starfleet members stationed at  Starbase 231 on Alpha Cachette.  Jim Kirk’s enthusiasm and charm were  real.  He couldn’t have imagined feeling so engaged with life years ago,  as a restless, sometimes angry adolescent.  Now he was fully involved  with people and starships every day, and as long as he was busy or under  pressure the loneliness and homesickness couldn’t creep in.  Starbase  231 crew also fell under the spell of the Kirk Smile.  Before the Enterprise crew boarded transportation to their temporary residences, they were  informed of recreational activities facilitated by the Starbase crew:  a  beach visit and a late afternoon party organized by Mayor Aurelia Tutto  in the Town Hall gardens.“The Mayor?  Guess I gotta wear that damned tight dress jacket to the festivities,” McCoy grumbled.“I  got my dress uniform tailored.  Makes it a mite more tolerable,” Jim  smiled.  The warm air of Alpha Cachette put him in a relaxed mood as he  waited outdoors to board transport along with the bridge crew, and a bit  of Midwestern colloquial ease slipped into his speech.  As Jim said, he  had taken the time and expense to have his dress uniform tailored to  flatter his broad shoulders, chest, firm backside, and strong legs.  The  expense paid for itself in flattering attention from various delegates  and diplomats.  It also made Jim feel good about himself.  So what if  his stepfather hated him for looking like his dead father?  Somebody liked the way he looked, though it was for quite different reasons.  


He hoped that Mayor Tutto would like him, too.  



The 
Enterprise
 crew broke up into groups for transportation to guest residences in  town.  Some boarded the cars of a small train.  Others climbed into  large, bus-like, vibrantly painted vehicles, their blue, yellow, and  green colors softened by weather.  Alpha Cachette did not lack for  financial resources, but the planetary cultures leaned towards  simplicity and thrift in many ways. 


“Are those rusty crates safe to ride in?” growled Dr. McCoy. 


“According  to the information given to us by the Starbase, yes,” relied Spock.  “Despite their appearance, these vehicles are safe to use.  All are  outfitted with safety devices, are roadworthy and are suitable for crew  transport.”


Len rolled his eyes.  “They look 
rustic 
and  that's being charitable.  I figure it's too far to walk, so I'll go.  I  hope those 'beach cabins' mentioned in the dossier don't turn out to be  cardboard shacks.”  Clutching his tricorder and a medical kit, the  doctor helped other crewmates aboard before finding a seat and firmly  strapping himself in. 


Nyota  didn't usually complain about travel conditions, preferring to see them  as informative experiences instead.  She did stifle a laugh as the  vehicle's engine made coughing sounds before it kicked into action.   Soon the long vehicle was on its way, passing colorful trees, flowering  plants, and small farms. Solar panels shone from every roof they  passed.  She noticed a curved decoration, perhaps the shell of some  local marine animal, hung over the door of some of the closer houses.   The few people she saw in the early morning