real deal,” Yuu grinned. Mika sighed as he pulled the covers. He let out a small whine at the sunlight pouring into the room as he hid his face in the pillow. Yuu found it adorable and pressed a gentle kiss on the top of Mika’s head.

“You better be grateful for this,” Mika said as he slowly rose from bed.

“Very grateful,” Yuu said as he followed Mika out of the room.

“I’m pretty sure you could have waited another 5 minutes,” Mika said, threading his fingers through his messy hair.

“I could die of hunger in those 5 minutes,” Yuu said. He didn’t hide his smile when Mika paused at the bottom of the stairs. Mika slowly moved forward and Yuu followed.

“Yuu-chan?”

“Yes Mika.”

“Did you make this?” Mika asked as he looked at the dining table.

“Of course! I woke up early today so I thought I would try my hand at cooking. It smells good, doesn’t it?” Yuu flaunted as he walked next to Mika.

“Well yes, but why do I smell something burnt?” Mika asked as he turned to Yuu.

“No way! I aired out the kitchen before…” Yuu eyed Mika suspiciously when the blond smiled. “What are you smiling at?”

“I was so just messing with you but to think that you actually-” Mika had to stop himself from laughing too hard.

“Yeah, yeah, laugh all you want,” Yuu said as he turned away and crossed his arms.

“Aww, I didn’t mean it like that Yuu-chan,” Mika said as he sat down at the table, “I have to eat it even if it kills me.”

“Yeah, yeah, eat my shitty food and die,” Yuu said but joined Mika at the table.

“That’s one way of spending my Christmas holiday,” Mika laughed, “At least I don’t have to carry your drunk ass home after Shinoa’s party.”

“No one asked you to.”

“It kind of is my responsibility as the sober boyfriend,” Mika said before taking a bite of the scrambled eggs, “Mm, this is cooked thoroughly.”

“What were you expecting?”

“Half cooked eggs,” Mika laughed, “But this is really good for someone who rarely cooks.”

“Yeah, at least I don’t set the kitchen on fire,” Yuu added and they shared a laugh. “You have the cake ready for the party later?”

“Of course, I also had some spare time to bake some festival coloured cookies and mini cupcakes,” Mika said and Yuu looked up in surprise.

“How do you have so much spare time?”

“Time management,” Mika replied, “And I promised to bring cake and other treats. I also tried to get some pastries from work but someone called dibs before I could get to them.”

“They can be thankful enough about the things you’re bringing.”

They finished up breakfast with some more idle chatter. They both helped wash the dishes and other things Yuu used when cooking. He didn’t want to risk waking Mika because he was already loud when he was cooking.

It was still early in the day and they could prepare for the party later on in the evening. Yuu wanted to give Mika his gift so Mika sat in the living room, waiting for Yuu to return.

He had his gift hidden in the living room so it was easy enough to retrieve it.

Yuu returned with a green shiny bag and the biggest smile on his face. He sat down next to Mika and held out the bag.

“Merry Christmas,” Yuu said and Mika took the gift. Yuu was full of surprises when it came to gift giving. For his birthday, Yuu got him a wooden craving figure of a dog that resembled one that Mika had when he was younger.

This Christmas, Yuu knitted him a matching scarf and hat.

“Who has more spare time now?” Mika asked as he tried on his new gifts.

“I mean they were easy enough after I got the basic idea,” Yuu said casually but he was secretly happy that Mika enjoyed his gift.

“It’s really nice, I should wear it tonight. It’s going to be cold out,” Mika said. Putting away the tissue paper and the gift bag, Mika grabbed the wrapped gift behind him and handed it to Yuu. “Merry Christmas, Yuu-chan.”

“Aww, you didn’t have to get me anything,” Yuu said even though he was trying to examine what the gift was. The shape obviously gave away that it was another video game.

“You deserve something nice, Yuu-chan,” Mika said as Yuu finally decided to open it. He was delicately opening the gift to create suspense for himself. He already had a huge collection and Mika would have had to get something that he didn’t already have. It was no easy feat, but he was sure that Mika would be able to find something.

“No way,” Yuu softly whispered when he