theory on how the Ministry was useless when it mattered the most. The Ministry clearly had records on the residency of each wizard in the wizarding world in Britain, and those records were to be protected. Being one of the most Powerful families meant your family was extremely rich Harry.” 


 


    “Yeah, my vault is proof of that. It's not even three-quarters empty yet.” 





    
“Harry, those vaults are just your parents inheritance. The Potter inheritance and those vaults won't be yours till you're seventeen” Molly reminded him.





    
“That’s true Harry. Going back to the story: because the Potter family was extremely rich, he could buy a Manor that was comparable to the real estate and that's what your Great Grandfather times a many did. That house is in London somewhere, while he moved the real estate to somewhere in Glasgow, Scotland. Then Grindelwald became a threat to the wizarding world and I think it was the Fourth Lord Potter who decided to increase the wards on the real Manor. He made it impossible to apparate to and fro from the manor unless you were the Heir or the Lord himself. Even the rest of the family did not have a proper entrance.”


 


    “Under the pretense of having a safe house and other means of income, he purchased a house like that of Grimmauld place and created a tunnel to reach the manor. It was quite similar to the one that led to Hogsmeade from Hogwarts. The tunnel’s presence was only known by the most trusted. The reason 

we

 know is because we are the order and even within the order, only a select few know of this secret. Actually, it's just Albus, the Weasley family, the Longbottoms and the Marauders.” 


 


    “Then Pettigrew knows about this?!” Harry exclaimed, horrified.


 


    “No!! God no! The houses are under the Fidelius charm so Pettigrew's mind should have been hazy, but James' father made us sign a contract when we were first brought over during our sixth year. It had a curse incorporated into it to erase the entirety of the Potter history and the manor from one’s mind if they decided to rat it out, so we are relatively safe. Not to worry, Harry!”





    
“So I have two estates and a town house already, and I was right to be suspicious of the ministry and my grandfathers lived for a long time? Wait, does that mean I have a pretty small family tree? Didn't anyone have brothers or sisters? If they did, why didn't they try to find me?” Harry couldn’t help the questions firing off his mouth again.


 


    
“Harry dear, calm down, your father did have uncles and aunts and various grandparents, but you must understand, much like muggle royalty, over here the first-born child inherits the fortune, especially in Pure-blood families. Your bloodline is as pure as they come, deary. Most of the time, only the first family stays in the country of their birth, to handle all formal business and the rest of the family is spread around the world for better interactions. It increases the value of the family as well.” Molly explained.


 


    
Harry stared at Molly, trying to wrap his head around what he was told. “Harry,” Aunt Petunia spoke for the first time, “Lily had a book on Pure-Blood relations and behavior, that was given to her as a present from your father. I suppose as a courting gift. I read some of it and what Mrs.Weasley speaks is the truth, I can let you know some of what I learned as we settle in.” 





    
“My mum's probably right. I also asked Charlie and Mr. Weasley about why your cousins didn't come to take care of you when you were the Heir's son, and they told me that normally, you would have gone to your godparents and if that didn’t happen then you would have gone to the second family and so on; you know, unless it was stated differently in the will.” Dudley explained, in an attempt to clear some of Harry's confusion.





    
“Dudley's right mate, when I read his letter asking about why you were sent to live with them and all that, Dad and Charlie gave me the same answer. Just dropped a book from the wizarding library in front of me” Ron grumbled, eyes narrowing in displeasure at the memory.





    
Hermione and Harry looked at each other considering Ron's last words and before they could comment on it the twins stepped up.




    
“Two Galleons that Ronnykins-

    
“-did not touch book, and decided to ask -


    
“-Ms. Granger. Now, anyone up for this?” 



    They did not get to finish the sentence let alone start collecting money when Mrs.Weasley smacked the two of them upside the head.


 


    Ginny, who had been quiet the whole time decided to tell her twin brothers how divvy they were, “How barmy are the two of you, starting to bet right in front of mum. You're almost as barmy as Ron. You should