their heads stretch all the way onto opposite walls. The effect is such that their lips make an absurdly long and narrow bridge connecting two squashed-in faces. But the icing on the cake is Yang's face, barely visible in the background between the two as she mocks them with fish-lips in view of the camera. Ruby and Penny both fall onto the blankets clutching their sides.

"How- how did you get this picture?" Penny asks through a fit of giggling.

"They don't know- that I have it-" Ruby forces out between breaths. "Weiss- she'd kill me if- if she did-" Unable to contain her mirth any longer, Ruby flops over onto her side heaving for breath with her face buried in the crook of her arm. Penny's fit subsides first and she waits until Ruby is able to breathe again before asking a follow-up question.

"What I meant was, why were Weiss and Blake kissing in the first place? I didn't know that was something friends do." Having led an even more sheltered life than Ruby, Penny knows of kissing, but not why people do it and with whom.

Ruby wipes tears from her eyes but stays lying on her side, facing Penny.

"Um, no, they're girlfriends now," the team captain says slowly as if broaching a difficult subject. "It's kinda sweet sometimes, but mostly it's just awkward. Painfully awkward. Like, worse than the thing with Jaune and Pyrrha..."

Penny absorbs this information, her mind still on the picture of the other two girls kissing as the metaphorical gears turn within her head - through there are probably real ones spinning away in there, too.

"Thanks for sharing these memories with me, Ruby," Penny says suddenly. "You all seem to have so much fun here, surrounded by... friends... all the time."

Ruby catches the wistful tone coloring her friend's voice, but her face immediately brightens with an idea.

"Wouldn't it be great if we could convince headmaster Ozpin to let you join our team?!" Ruby's hands move without thinking to take hold of Penny's in her excitement. "I mean, I know you aren't enrolled or anything, but maybe they could let it slide. Although, I guess that would make our team name spell BWRPY (burpy) or something. Not the coolest name, but we'd still be the coolest team."

"Oh, how I wish we could spend more time together, too," Penny says, smiling at her friend's attempt to cheer her up.

By now, the two have forgotten the projector entirely. Ruby's mind wanders as she thinks up more team names if Penny were to join RWBY. Penny, on the other hand, has become very conscious of the fact that her hands are still held between both Ruby's. They're warm, just like everything else about her... friend? Her eyes wander up to Ruby's lips, which move silently as the girl whispers letters distractedly to herself. Suddenly, an urge that Penny has never felt before overtakes her - an urge to experiment with their friendship. Leaning in just like the picture of Ruby's teammates, Penny closes the already small gap between them. 

"What are you..." Ruby squeaks, startled out of her thoughts. Her hands tighten around Penny's.

"I would like to conduct an experiment. May I...?"

Penny's eyes are big and innocent, her breath warm on Ruby's face. There's a questioning spark floating in the sea of green that seems to fill Ruby's vision and all she can do is nod. Despite the consent, Penny doesn't immediately move closer. The gap separating them seems to hum with electricity; Ruby isn't sure if this is caused directly by Penny or simply an imagined effect of their closeness.

Then, with a few rapid blinks of her eyes, Penny's lips find Ruby's. She probes cautiously but curiously, as if she has become a bomb diffusal unit and Ruby's lips are particularly volatile explosives in deceptive wrapping. Her eyes flutter closed in concentration as her artificial lips graze real human flesh for the first time. She holds still for a moment just after contact, awed and delighted by the texture and gentle warmth. She would be content to stay like this for a while longer, but curiosity quickly spurs her into action to see how friction enhances the experience.

Ruby goes very still, hardly breathing as soft lips ghost across her own. They shift horizontally with painstaking slowness in what can only be called exploration. She can't help but watch wide-eyed as Penny's expression shifts subtly with each passing moment of discovery. The pressure never increases beyond a feather-light touch, yet Ruby can feel everything with acute hypersensitivity. Like a shimmer of static prickling her skin, she can imagine the charge building up along her lips to eventually burst behind her eyes like fireworks. Her muscles tense for the imminent electrical discharge,