his head. Arthur brought his hand up to touch his lover’s face and slowly, he caressed it. He ran his fingers over his stubble and through his wavy blond locks. His touch was like a feather, light and gentle enough so as not to wake him.

Arthur gave a quiet sigh and then a small smile. He could barely fathom just how much beauty there was in this man, inside and out. They really were like an old married couple. He gave a chuckle, for he knew their feelings must be true if they were to get over all their silly fights. It was an old love, one that stood for hundreds of years. They couldn’t always be by each other’s side, but they always ended up together. It was always them against each other, against the world.

After some time, Francis stirred. He opened his eyes showing a pained expression. Arthur took his hand off his face and worriedly asked, ‘What's wrong?’

‘Oh, Angleterre, I had the most terrible dream.’ They wrapped their arms around each other and hugged. ‘It was the same one again.’

Arthur hated that Francis was haunted by the memory of his past. He never got over the French Revolution. The state of his country bettered, however he could never forget the depression that fell on their people. The food shortage, inflation and unemployment left him traumatised.

Arthur held his fragile body. ‘I know you’re hurting right now, but that was in the past, Francis. Napoleon Bonaparte might have brought the monarchy-’ Francis huffed. ‘-dictatorship back, but he enhanced your country and turned it into a Grand Empire. It's the 21st century already. You’re the leading country in tourism… Francis, please.’

Francis sighed. ‘I suppose you’re right, Angleterre. Thank you.’

‘Anytime,’ he flashed him a sweet smile before getting out of bed. ‘Now, would you like me to cook you some breakfast?’

Francis’ face twitched. ‘Oh, uh… no thank you! I can cook for us as thanks for-‘

‘Nonsense! You were in such a state earlier. If I cooked-‘

Francis rushed out of bed and out the door. Arthur followed suit; he kept trying to pass him in the hallway, but they just ended up shoving each other all the way to the kitchen.

‘I just went to an English cooking class the previous day! I’m telling you, I learnt how to make really good breakfast!’

‘I’m sure that calls for a celebration, but I insist! Let me cook!’

They ended up going to a small café for breakfast. The rest of their day went on as usual; they argued and wrestled each other all across town. They even got kicked out of a couple places because they were too loud or too rowdy.

In the afternoon they visited somewhere only they knew of. It was a small, secret area of the forest just on the outskirts of town. They found it one day in the 1800s whilst exploring the countryside. It was a clearing only accessible by going around one of the hilly areas. It was shrouded by moss and vines now, but it was cleanest in the area by the stream. They chose this place as their own because the tree leaves did not block the rays of the sun which cast a brilliant blanket of light, its colours changing by the season. Enchanted by its tranquillity, they made a promise to keep this place for themselves.

Often times they returned here to be reminded of their innocence. They would go out here nearly every day to lay in each other’s arms and then later at night, the moonlight would gleam down their skin, and they would whisper breathy nothings into each other’s ears. But those times seemed like an echo lost in the wind. These days they could only visit this place around once every few weeks.

Arthur laid down a blanket on the ground. Francis brought out the snacks and wine from their picnic basket and laid it out neatly. They said their thanks and then ate.

‘Why are you smiling like that, frog?’ Arthur said as he munched on some scones.

‘Just remembering the time when you were so jealous over my fashion you so passionately tried to copy it!’ Francis laughed.

‘Don’t lie! I wasn’t jealous at all.’ Arthur felt his face going red from embarrassment so he turned away from Francis. ‘I regret ever letting you cut my hair.’ He rambled on about how much he trusted him to make it look better. Then he laughed about how he took his revenge on him by destroying his sand castle when they went on vacation to the beach.

They continued recounting the tales of how they one-upped each other and before they knew it, it was past midnight already. They ended up lying next to each other to gaze at the sky. There wasn’t any light pollution out here, so they were free to gaze at the millions of dazzling stars before them.  

‘I must confess, I