ring onto his left ring finger. I let him tackle me to the ground in a hug and kiss.

I saw him stand up and put his map down. One name fell off those wonderfully pink lips of his. “Arthur.”

I smiled as he moved closer to me and I linked hands with him. “Merlin…”

I smiled at Merlin from across the room, where my King-consort was talking to Bayard of Mercia. I have to wonder how that man feels, knowing he almost killed Camelot’s King-consort all those years ago. Well, I know Nimueh was the one to poison Merlin, but it still happened under Bayard’s nose.

Lancelot stood by my side, my guard for the evening. Gwaine stood a few feet away from my husband (and even after two years of being married, thinking of Merlin as my husband makes me want to shout my love for him from the roof of the castle) as his guard.

I motioned to Lancelot with a hand signal that told him I was moving. I excused myself from whichever Lady of whatever fief that was trying to get into my trousers. Really. I hoped Morgana would inform this Lady whoever-she-thinks-she-is that I am with Merlin. Have been for years. Longer than she’s been at Court.

It’s been three and a half years since I became king. Two of those, I have been ruling with my King-consort and Court Sorcerer by my side. I moved behind Merlin and smiled graciously at the visiting royal. I wrapped my arms around Merlin and I heard a servant, Mary, I think, sigh happily. “King Bayard. Merlin and I are very pleased you could join us today.”

His smile was tight. “Yes, well, my wife and I are happy to be here for King Merlin’s birthday. Thank you for inviting us.”

Merlin spoke up. “It’s an honor to have you.”

To be honest, sometimes I think Merlin would have made a great Player. He hates “all this scraping and bowing”. But others, when he’s trying to lie outright, he’s awful. I guess I should say that he’s good at twisting others words.

I could only imagine the earful I was going to get that night behind closed doors.

Bayard made his excuses and moved to join his wife (whose name I can never remember, and I really can’t bring myself to care at this point).

I heard a small cough behind us, and I turned, whirling Merlin around with me. Some of the staff giggled at the sight of their King-consort being flung around like a doll.

“Hunith,” I said, letting Merlin go so he could hug his mother. “How is Ealdor faring?”

My mother-in-law (and closest thing I had to a mother) smiled at me over my husband’s shoulder. “Ealdor is fine, even better since you took that part of Estacia and made it into part of Camelot when Cenred died with no heirs.”

“How is everybody?” Merlin asked, moving back to join me, linking both of his hands with mine. He leaned back against me, letting me support both of our weights. Not that I minded. Ever since I had to spend years without Merlin by my side, I loved the feeling of him beside me, touching me, even if it wasn’t sexual. Just a simple reminder that he was still here in Camelot, Uther was dead by Mordred’s hand (I should knight that Druid, I really should), and that the ban on magic was lifted.

She smirked. “Everything is going well. I think most people expect to see some great big castle that I raised you in. They are shocked to see that their King-consort grew up in a hut.”

I snorted. “They’re always shocked when they find out he was my manservant for years as well.”

“He is right here, and can hear you,” Merlin said, pretending to be annoyed. But I could feel his relaxed stance and the humor in his voice.

Hunith patted his cheek. “Oh give it up, my son,” she quipped. “You love us anyway.”

She floated away, as regal as any Queen, even if she was wearing what most noble’s in my court deemed “peasant clothing”.

Gwaine and Lancelot stood, shoulder to shoulder behind Merlin and me, ready to act as a buffer if anyone tried to harm us. There were several groups of people who were not happy with my choice for a consort, and had tried to kill Merlin last year.

I hadn’t even had time to draw my sword before Merlin blasted them to little pieces of ash with just a look. (Note to self: Never get on my husband’s bad side.)

“Hunith is right, you know, Merlin,” I heard my sister say.

She was standing right beside Merlin and me watching the festivities. There was dancing and drinking. Two things that Merlin hated, but