t I make you come?” Derek feels sweat pool in the back of his neck. “Didn’t you like to keep your cock inside of me? Don’t you like that I still smell like yours?” Stiles whispered as his finger reached to touch Derek’s jaw. “Tell me Derek.”

“Yes.” Derek is hypnotized by Stiles’ eyes.

“What difference do a few months make?” Stiles shrugs. “Why don’t you just tell me what you really, really want instead?”

Derek feels like a fog numbing his mind, and he is unable to resist Stiles’ finger from bringing him closer to the boy, to kneel between his legs.

“C’mon big guy, you already took my virginity.” Derek feels like crying inside. “You fucked me, and it was so good.” Stiles moans touching with the hand that’s not on Derek’s own neck, and Derek realizes through his heartbeat that he means it. “But you didn’t even touched my dick,” he mock-pouts. “And while I admit that’s supposed to be quite the feat,” Stiles winks sassily. “I want more. Won’t you give me more?”

It’s alluring. In the back of his mind Derek knows he should say no, but in the forefront he hears a voice—that sounds horribly like Stiles’—that asks him ‘why not?’

“Give yourself to me Derek.” Stiles’ voice gets him out of his head and brings him back to reality. 

He can do that. He can keep close to Stiles and give the boy everything he wants, to take care of him until he finds someone who deserves him.

“Yes,” Stiles hisses.

Derek knows he should be punished for what he did because this? Touching Stiles? Feels like a reward. He’ll find a way to make it up to him.

“C’mon Derek, suck me off. I want your mouth on my dick.” Derek never thought Stiles would be so crass, so straightforward, but maybe the boy has watched that much porn.

Already in position, Derek lets his hands wander through Stiles’ calves and thighs, up and down once again. Stiles doesn’t seem to be in a hurry and for that Derek is grateful. The guilt is eating him inside. He doesn’t think he could even get hard right now, even with the smell of arousal in the room. If Stiles asks, though, he will find a way.

He hugs Stiles’ waist and just breathes him in until Stiles’ hands joins his and makes him squeeze his ass. He does it again and has Stiles push his clothed erection to his face.

“C’mon Derek, don’t tease me.”

Derek opens the button of the jeans and unzips them. He helps Stiles remove his jeans and underwear when the boy lifts his hips. He takes off the couple layers Stiles is wearing until he sits bare on his bed, unmoving with the exception of his left foot.

He takes the bottom of his green Henley, but before his takes it off, Stiles grabs his hand. “Leave it,” he demands and Derek nods.

Smiling pleased, Stiles again rests his weight on his arms, exposing himself to Derek, and even while Derek is fully clothed to Stiles’ naked body, he can’t shake of the impression that he is the one laid bare.

Derek takes Stiles’ erection almost reverently into his hand, and he licks the tip and plays with it. He appreciates the salty flavor and tries moaning around it, resulting in an even louder moan by Stiles. He takes the erection into his mouth while with his right hand covers the base.

“Yes,” Stiles hisses. “Just like that baby.”

Derek hollows his cheeks and sucks harder. He is not experienced per se but he is willing to try his best. He listens to every hitch of breath, to every whimper, every moan to guide himself in what Stiles likes.

“Deeper,” Stiles pants. “Take me deeper.”

“Oh fuck.” Derek looks into Stiles’ darkened eyes. “Derek, I’m not going to last much longer.” Stiles keeps moaning loudly, one of his hands now resting on Derek’s head. He pulls him so he barely had the tip in his mouth. “Suck.” And Derek does. He doesn’t move. He just takes what Stiles gives him.

“You look so good between my legs,” Stiles pants, pushing and pulling Derek as he wants. “Made to suck me, to fuck me. Oh Derek, you were so good yesterday.” Stiles moves his hips and now his left foot is rubbing his forming erection. “I loved it when you held me down.” Derek tried to clear his head but Stiles foot is rubbing harder so he keeps sucking Stiles through the abortive thrusts.

“Derek!” His mouth is being flooded by come, and he swallows it. He is sex stupid and just follows Stiles’ directions when he tells him to hump his leg. Once again he makes to