of Padalecki's pink lips. "Look at you," he breathed out, running a finger over the curve of Jensen's biceps as he kneeled beside him. "You've been thinkin' about this, too, haven't you? Wonderin' what it'd be like?" His fingers started to circle around Jensen's nipples, coming close but not close enough. "I think you like it," he practically purred. "I mean, I know I'm damn good-looking, but I don't think that's what's gonna make you spread your legs for me. You like this, Ackles. You like that I can hold you down and make you take it, don't you?"

Even as Jensen struggled to keep his expression neutral, his dick betrayed him, tenting the sheet. Jared chuckled and flung off the sheet, smile growing wider at seeing Jensen spread out for him. "Damn, that is a nice cock," he said. "Didn't get to pay a whole lot of attention to it last time, bein' in a hurry and all." He looked up from under his brow, and a hot shiver ran down Jensen's spine. "Told you I was gonna take my time with you the next time, didn't I?"

"The longer you take, the closer the marshal gets," Jensen retorted, even as his hips squirmed with the need for Jared to touch him.

Jared laughed softly. "So that's what you're doin'? Distracting me like you did in that cell?" He stroked down Jensen's side, lingering briefly on the faint scar over his ribs. Then his thumb curled around Jensen's hipbone, fingers splaying around his hip to press against his ass. "Guess I might have to hurry this up, then."

Abruptly, he ducked his head and took Jensen into his mouth.

Jensen's yelp was almost as embarrassing as the way he shamelessly thrust upward into warm, wet heat. Jared was straddling him, those large hands pinning down Jensen's hips, mouth wrapping around Jensen's cock like he was gonna take the whole damn thing. Jensen grabbed a hold of the iron posts of his bed and hung on for what was apparently going to be a wild ride.

Then Jared hollowed his cheeks and sucked, tongue sliding all wicked and wet around Jensen's cock. Jensen arched back with a low groan, the cuffs rattling as he tightened his grip on the bed. As much as he'd enjoyed Jared's hand on him the other day, this was so much better, the heat and the slick and the goddamn skill the man had with his mouth. 

His hips were already starting to move in a rhythm, encouraged by the way Jared was moaning around him. Goddamn, the man was getting off on sucking Jensen, and Jensen was more than happy to encourage that. He shifted his legs apart, pleased when Jared settled between them without losing his stride. "Fuck, that's good," he breathed out.

Jared "mm-hmm"ed around him and somehow managed to take him deeper. Jensen bent his knees, planting his feet on the bed, and then he could really get some leverage, really start thrusting up against the tight grip on his hips.

Except that Jared's forearm was across his groin now, elbow on top of one thigh and wrist on the other, still holding Jensen down, and his free hand was worming its way between Jensen's legs, right up against the tight furl of his hole.

Jensen jerked in surprise. 

Padalecki withdrew with a wet pop, spit briefly connecting his lips to Jensen's cock. "You didn't think this was all for your benefit, did you?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

Jensen looked back at him, ready to demand that he get back to sucking right the hell now. Then the light touch of a finger circling his rim had him clenching up in response.

Padalecki went still. The heat of his breath on Jensen's wet cock was more than a little distracting, but he was looking hard at Jensen, like he was trying to read his mind or something.

Jensen took a deep breath. "There's a jar in the top dresser drawer."

The slow smile that spread over Jared's face was nothing short of filthy.

Then he bounded off the bed and grabbed the jar of Vaseline from the drawer. He paused only a second before clapping Jensen's hat onto his head, the silver star on the front catching the dim light in the room. In no time at all, he was back between Jensen's legs. Jensen barely had a moment to think about what he was doing before Jared was sucking him down again, and then there wasn't much thinking left to be done. 

At the first slick touch against his rim, Jensen was spreading his legs like the whore Jared had accused him of being, canting his hips up and groaning at the dual sensations that were slowly taking him apart