much to me. :)

Bilbo had just finished struggling along side Bofur to pry open the door of what had to be the eighth storage chamber they’d decided to search since leaving Dain’s coronation when Balin came running towards them. The elderly dwarf, along with Oin, had been sent to bring water and food for the company a short time ago. Unfortunately, Balin was returning empty-handed, much to the hobbit’s dismay, and---even more troubling---there was a look of alarm on his face.

“Balin,” Bilbo started, “what---”

“They’ve been found,” Balin gasped out, leaning heavily against the wall nearest to him after skitting to a hault before Bilbo and Bofur.

Bofur dropped the pick he’d used on the door behind him and gaped at the white haired dwarf. “You mean, the lads…”

“They’re alive,” Balin declared with tears of joy in his eyes. “Oin’s been called to see to them.”

Bofur let out a loud cheer and, taking a moment to pick Bilbo up and swing him around, rushed down the hallway to inform the other searching dwarves of the good news.

Bilbo watched the miner take off with undiluted fondness, only turning to Balin when Bofur was out of sight. A mixture of joy and dread swirled in his stomach, he rocked on the balls of his furry feet as he asked, “Where were they found, Balin? Who found them? Are they all right?”

“Easy, laddie, easy,” Balin sighed, getting his breathing back under control. “Let the others come so we can find out those answers together.” When Bilbo opened his mouth to protest, Balin held up a pleading hand to the hobbit. “Please, Bilbo. Some of Dain’s men found them. That’s all that I know right now.”

Bilbo frowned, not like that bit of news, but he held his tongue to keep from pestering Balin further.

When the rest of the company came running down the hall---Dwalin unsurprisingly in the lead---Balin raised to his hand, trying to silence all the questions being thrown at him at once.

Taking a deep breath, he informed them, “Dain’s men discovered the princes a short time ago in a well-hidden chamber down below near the mines. They’re resting in Dain’s chambers now and we are welcomed to come see them.”

If he'd been a moment slower to step to the side, Bilbo would have been in danger of being trampled in the rush Balin’s last words caused. Fortunately, Bofur grabbed the hobbit’s hand, leading him along as he hurried to keep up with the dwarves on his shorter legs.

In no time at all, the company found themselves before the doors of the chambers Dain had claimed as his own. The Lord of the Iron Hills had refrained from moving into King Thror's room, even after his coronation had been scheduled; he kept to the smaller guest room that he normally occupied when he had could to visit his cousins back before Smaug's attack. Yet, back then, there wouldn't have been the armed guards standing before the doors as there were now.

"Halt!" the guards ordered sharply, crossing their axes in front of the company who'd barely stopped in time to keep from running into them.

"Out of the way!" Dwalin demanded angrily, body automatically tensing in preparation for a fight.

"The King's orders are that none but family is to be allowed access to these chambers," the older of the guards declared.

"And just who do you think we ARE?" Gloin growled, his chest puffing out as he challenged the other dwarf with a dark glare.

"Pardon me, Master Gloin, but you are not ALL family." The guards' eyes focused sharply on Bofur, Bombur, Bifur, and Bilbo.

Bifur growled something intelligible---but undoubtedly outraged---as his cousins looked to each other uncertainly. Bilbo could see that the Broadbeam brothers were a step away from insisting that everyone go in to see Kili and Fili without them, which made the hobbit swell with indignation. He took a step forward, ready to give the guard an earful, but froze when the doors the guards were protecting swung open.

Dain had stripped out of his formal regal robes into a plainer outfit, but he still looked as dangerous and wild as he had when he'd first approached the Lonely Mountain in full battle armor. "Mahal's Hammer, what is going on out here?"

"We've heard that the princes have been found," Dori answered for the group.

"We've come to see them," Nori added, head raised as if daring Dain to deny them passage.

Dain rolled his eyes, not taking the bait. "Then what are you doing out here, ya rock-headed dolts? Come in, come in."

The guards looked at each other, obviously trying to decide if they were going to bring up Dain's orders to the king himself. However, the moment they