.

He appeared in front of Geno's cell suddenly. The skeleton in its cell looked as if it was dying. Though he technically was "eternally dying" he looked more dead than normal. "Geno!" The reaper shouted in hopes the other would at least acknowledge him.

Moments have passed and the other had not moved from his corner. Now Death was scared. Had she actually...

No! She hadn't it was a threat, but she hasn't done it yet. Besides he'd not been dusted yet. But it didn't stop him from unlocking the door and stepping inside the cell. He was ready to dodge any attempts at being touched. But the skeleton didn't move, even after the loud sound of the cell being unlocked.

The cell was dark and the skeleton was in a dark corner. Death ran to him. He grabbed Geno's clothed arms, sure to not touch his being. "Geno! Geno wake up!" He shouted. He continued to shake the skeleton. Each time he did he became more and more animated about it.

Finally Geno opened his eye sockets. A faint smile spread across his face and he looked...happy? Death's expression was shredded; in tears and trying to smile. It was weak, but he managed to smile.

But it everything changed when Geno's tone changed. "Why couldn't you have killed me? You let her. You..." Geno stuttered on verge of tears. Suddenly his eye sockets poured out black blood. His mouth did the same and Death was in shock. His shaky hands let go of Geno and tears poured down his face.

Dust surrounded Death. He cried and cried until he couldn't anymore. "You happy now? Kid? Are ya!" He screamed to no one in particular. He banged the floor with his fist. Defeated.

"It's your fault Death. If you did your job, this wouldn't happen."

---•_______•---Death shot up from his chair wiping the drool from his mouth. 'A dream? It was just...' Death thought a moment. He had to check on Geno! But what if it wasn't a dream? "Fuck it!" Death shouted teleporting to Geno's cell. He didn't want to risk it.

He arrived and immediately ran to the cell door. "Geno?" Death called for him. "I'm here..." Geno mumbled waving halfheartedly. Death couldn't stop his smile from spreading. He jeered Geno and unlocked the cell door; embraced him in a hug, careful not to touch him directly. Geno on the other hand was confused and pushing against Death. "Let go of me!" Geno pleaded. "Sorry I was just worried." He released his doppelgänger, effectively dropping him on the ground. Geno raised a brow-bone. "Your worried about me being locked in your cell?"

Geno started to chuckle a little. Whilst Death had a shy smile. "Death I swear I...uh, I bloodied your cloak."

He did. But didn't he tell Papyrus to get him new clothes? Death looked confused as he scratched his cranium. "I can tell you look confused. Your brother came but left the clothes completely out of my reach," He gestured towards the door. If had been closed, his pile of clothes would have been five feet away. "I would've used my powers, but I can't use them in the cell..." Death laughed as he went over to get his clothes. "I'm sorry, he must've went on about how great he was completely ignoring you." Geno nodded a little a faint smile played on his features.

Death kneeled in front of Geno, handing him his outfit. Geno took it in his hands, but he stared at Death for a while. Like he was lost in thought. He just...lost himself in Death's eyes, he couldn't possibly justify it but it was true. "Somethin' wrong?" The reaper asked. They were still both holding onto the article and Geno hadn't noticed. "Oh, uh sorry. I'm fine." He gave a nervous smile as he finally accepted his change of clothes. A light blush dusting his cheek bones, failing to hide it under his scarf.

"Were you staring at me? Geno if you wanted look you could've just asked..." Death had a lustful look to him as he leaned in closer. "Death if ya don't get outta dis cell, right now I will throw you out!" Geno glared at him, his blush worsening. Death wiggled his brow bones, only to be tossed out of the cell and slammed into the railing that kept him from falling five stories down.

When Death got up he found Geno locking himself in his own cell. He chuckled at that. His other was embarrassed and it made him smile. There was nothing to worry about.

"Are you gonna let me watch?" Death asked. He looked over to the