had been that bad. The thing is, Sarah and Bela had both been sitting by the windows, a.k.a. the furthest away from Castiel they could come in the small classroom. Was it a boy writing him after all? Castiel is at a loss and barely hears the other students milling around him.

A loud thwack makes him look up, though, and he sees Dean Winchester and Gordon Walker standing just a little ways down.

"Mature, Walker." Dean grumbles in that voice of his that doesn’t send a pleasant chill down Castiel’s spine. Gordon laughs at his friend as Dean bends down to pick up his books.

"Well don’t just stand there pretending to read like a dork while rubbernecking like a creep." Gordon mocks and pushes one of Dean’s notebooks out of reach. Dean sighs loudly at his teammate while Gordon laughs louder.

The notebook skids across the corridor and comes to rest not far from Castiel. Castiel bends down and picks up the book, more out of reflex than anything, really. He looks at it because he has to, otherwise it would be hell picking it up, and while he certainly doesn’t intent on reading anything his eyes catch on the handwriting. The very loopy handwriting. The round a:s, the loop-de-loop double l:s, the lower case u:s with no tail.

He’s seen this handwriting before. For two weeks, he’s been staring at it. With shaky hands he puts the latest note from his locker side by side with the page from the notebook and not only is it the same kind of paper, it’s definitely the same handwriting.

"Hey, thanks man." Dean grins as he stops before Castiel, holding his hand out expectantly and Castiel knows, logically, what Dean wants but he still can’t stop himself from staring at the other boy, mouth open in shock.

Dean Winchester stands before him, all tall and broad-shouldered, green sparkling eyes and easy smile and holy fucking hell, Dean Winchester has been writing him these notes!

Dean’s smile falters as he takes in Castiel’s no doubt shocked expression and he glances down at the notebook and oh boy, his whole face just kind of falls. Because there, right in his face, is the evidence that Castiel now knows.

"D-Dean…" Castiel stammers helplessly, torn between dumbstruck awe and galloping arousal.

"Fuck." Dean breathes and practically rips both the note and his book from Castiel’s slack grip. "You weren’t supposed to—fuck, just-just forget about it."

Castiel frowns even as his dick perks up at Dean’s hushed tone. "How can I—?"

"Just forget it." Dean hisses, his face beet red, and practically bolts without another word and without looking back at Castiel.

Gordon races after his friend, shouting something about practice and about how Dean shouldn’t get all pissy or whatever but Castiel hardly hears it. All he can hear is Dean’s last words, echoing in his mind and it’s just so ridiculous. As if Castiel could ever forget. As if he wants to.








*****

There’s been no notes for two whole days and Castiel doesn’t like it. Oh, he gets it, he knows why, but he really doesn’t like the radio silence. Before, when he didn’t know whom they were from he still liked getting them. Now, when he knows for sure, it feels like a stab to the heart to open the locker and not get a note flying in his face. There’s also the fact that Dean’s been avoiding Castiel these past days and oh boy, Castiel never realized just how much Dean was around him before. He misses it more than he thinks he ought to.

Still, though, he gets it. Dean has a façade to keep and Castiel understands that sending lovely and naughty notes to another boy isn’t included in that façade but even so, there’s only so much he can take.

So two empty days later he finds himself somewhere he never thought he would dare set foot: in the football team’s locker room.

Castiel had snuck out to the field when the team was practicing and after he had stood by the bleachers, watching the team leaving, one after another. He had thought to corner Dean, maybe here, maybe in the parking lot. Trouble was, Dean didn’t emerge and that was how Castiel found himself sneaking into the locker room. He had counted the team and everyone, including Coach, had already left. Only Dean remained.

Castiel cocks his head to the side and listens carefully. It’s dead quiet in the locker room but he thinks he can hear the faint hiss of the showers. His face heats at the thought of catching Dean naked but he’s come too far to stop now. Besides, this is all Dean’s fault. Sending Castiel such sultry notes and then telling him to forget about it. And