, behave. Hi, Zayn." Zayn's cheeks heat up at the way Liam is smiling at him. Not in the mood to stutter through an embarrassing greeting he just sticks to waving at the brunette.

" Louis, did Liam tell you he was grounded and has to babysit his sisters and now we have to do it with him?" Niall pipes up from his place on the love seat. It's only when Niall mentions it that Zayn takes notice of the two little girls sitting on the other side of the room. He smiles at the younger one who seems to be looking at him and by the smile that is returned to him, he can tell he does the right thing.

" What? Liam, you cheat!" Louis jumps up from his position to look at Liam.

" They'll fall asleep in a few minutes and then it'll be like they don't even exist." Liam rolls his eyes at Louis' dramatics.

" Hey!" The oldest of the two sisters yell bringing their attention to them. She is an exact replica of Liam just with longer hair and smaller built.

" Nicki it's time to sleep." Liam walks over to them, picking the youngest up in his arms. Zayn feels like he's melting into himself. Sue him, Liam looks cute with children.

" But I wanna pway." The little girl mumbles putting up a closed fist against her eyes.

" Play in the morning, Ruthie." Liam tries her best to convince her but Zayn can see that he's losing the battle against those puppy eyes. He doesn't blame him.

" Pway wiff your fweind?" A coo bubbles out of his lips and suddenly everyone is looking at him. Zayn feels the blush that works its way up his neck and all he can do is shrug. Liam gives him one of his toothy smile and Zayn's heart almost explodes out of his chest." Okay but only for a little while. Okay?" He tells her sister.

" Yay!" She jumps off of him and rushes towards them.Turns out minutes in Liam's definition are hours. The girls don't seem to want to sleep and as much as Liam wants to he can't scream them to sleep. Zayn finds that children are more clever than they let on and they will go to great lengths to make sure they get what they want. They have already played hide and seek, I spy and built a pillow fort when Nicola tells them she wants to draw and color. Zayn wants to know where the kids are finding their energy from because he's tired already and is thinking of skipping game night itself.

" I've already told you, Nickie. We are not going to draw and color. You're going to sleep." Liam says this time a bit more sternly.

Nicola narrows her eyes before spitting out a," I'll tell Mommy, you took money from her wallet."

" What? That never happened." Liam splutters out. He looks around at everyone who is laughing now and keeps shaking his head." She's lying."

" And also that you sneak out when you're grounded all the time," Nicola smirks at him.

" Okay, we're doing drawing and color." Liam declares, earning himself a lot of whining.

" No, fair Liam. I did not sign up for this." Louis pushes himself up from his position on the pillow fort before looking at Zayn, who is already getting up ready to go home.

" Lou, shut up okay. You owe me this, remember when the twins were..." Liam is interrupted before he can complete the sentence and now Zayn really wants to know what he was going to say.

" Yeah, so where are the colors." Louis takes Nicola's hand who takes him to her supply cabinet. Something tells Zayn that this isn't the first time that something like this has happened.For the next hour, they draw random things and color in them. Well, Zayn draws random things and everybody else colors. The girls really seem to like flowers, so he just draws more and more of flowers for them.

" You really like flowers?" Harry asks him as he hands him another colorless one to fill in.

He's smiling at him and maybe that's why he has the urge to smile back too." Maybe."

" It's good that you're in touch with your feminine side." He says and something twists in Zayn's gut, he checks Harry's face to see if he's being sarcastic but he's just smiling at him honestly. A blush works its way up to his neck." Unlike some people I know." Zayn chuckles as Louis pushes another conspicuous drawing of a banana.

" What? I just like banana's." Louis' smirks, the amused undertone more discernable now that Zayn knew about his crush and all.

" I never knew that you could draw." Liam is looking at his flowers all scattered around the place.

" Not many people do." His answer is