in her eyes. Instinctively, he pulled her into his arms.  "It’s okay," he murmured.  "You’re not alone anymore."

Neither was he.

 

Two years later…

Sam hated Halloween. Given how he’d grown up, what he knew really haunted the world, how could he not? This year, if the blurry printed form he held in his hand was anything to judge by, he might have to revise his opinion of the day.

"What’s this?" Michelle snatched it from his hand and studied it.

"Nothing much." Sam tried to sound casual. "Just my LSAT score."

"One hundred seventy-four out of a possible one-eighty, and you say it’s nothing much? I say I can only hope I do anything like that well when I take my CBEST."

Sam turned to wrap his arms around her. "You’d make a perfect teacher, so you’re bound to get a perfect score."

"I’ll be happy with passing. Congratulations." She tilted her head up to kiss him.

As always when he kissed her, Sam had to fight not to lose himself in it. Two years together, and it still felt new. He groaned when she pulled back.

"We should go out and celebrate."

"Or we could stay in and celebrate." Sam pulled her closer, suggesting the celebration he had in mind.

"We do that all the time. It’s lots of fun, don’t get me wrong, but sometimes a girl wants a change of pace." Michelle smiled and gave him another, lighter, kiss before turning toward the second bedroom. "Seth? Come on, honey, we’re taking Daddy out to dinner."

Sam smiled, listening to Michelle making sure that Seth's shoes were on correctly. It was a comfortable sound, one that suggested the childhood and family he'd never had. He let that feeling wash over him, soak in. Finally he named it: contentment.

"No room in the budget to take you to Mantra." Michelle's voice brought him back to the moment.

"An LSAT score's not worth Mantra," Sam objected. "That would be for graduating law school and getting a job offer."

Michelle gave him a long-suffering look, then ruined it by laughing. "Okay, then. Next choice -- Jessica told me about this great family Italian place not far from here."

"Sounds good," Sam said. Impulse made him ask, "Want to see if she wants to come along?"

"What, it's not a celebration if Jessica doesn't flirt with you?"

"You know it's nothing serious," Sam said. It was ironic that the first time he’d met Michelle’s former roommate was the day he was moving Michelle’s things out of their apartment and into his. It was even more ironic that if he’d met Jessica first, he’d probably have asked her out. As it was, they’d become friends. Flirty friends, but friends.

"It just means she has good taste in men. But I’d rather it was a private celebration tonight."

"Private is good." Sam picked up Seth and, once they were outside, swung the boy up onto his shoulders.  He might go bald, the way Seth fisted a hand in his hair to hold on, but Sam decided that was a small price to pay for moments like these.

This moment stretched into a couple of hours enjoying pasta and a bottle of wine. Seth tried to take Michelle's glass, and she responded by letting him have the barest taste of the wine, after which Seth screwed up his face and said, "Bad."

The moment stretched further, into putting Seth to bed, and then into the gentle lovemaking Sam savored. Finally, the moment stretched into sleeping with Michelle cradled in his arms.

-X-

Sam woke abruptly. That wasn't unusual, given the nightmares he'd occasionally had over the last few months, but tonight it wasn't a nightmare that woke him.  He lay still in bed, senses alert, trying to identify what had interrupted his sleep.

Just his, Sam noted. Michelle lay sleeping deeply beside him, and from Seth's room there were no sounds to indicate his son was awake.  So what had woken him?

Then he heard it -- a footstep in the living room. Moving quickly but quietly, he clasped a hand over Michelle's mouth and nudged her awake.

Before she could even try to scream, he breathed in her ear, "Someone's in the house. Go to Seth."

Michelle nodded, and Sam released her to slip from bed. It was, he reflected as he moved out of their bedroom, the first time he'd been glad for the presence of a four-year-old -- it meant he was dressed already.  Assuming pajamas counted as dressed, which he did.

Sam padded on bare, silent feet toward the living room