to go answer it.

He opened the door and Sam was standing there.

"Hello Sam. How are you?"

"Cas! You know this is a dream right? it's not real. You need to kill yourself to awaken."

Cas looked saddened at that, "I know Sam..."

Sam looked confused, "If you know then why haven't you-"

"Hey babe who is it? Oh Sam, hey man you weren't supposed to come for like another hour."

Cas stepped aside and flushed, retreating behind Dean. Sam looked at Dean then to Cas, understanding dawning on his face.

"Hey Dean. Oh you know, just thought I'd stop by earlier."

Dean nodded and invited him inside. So this was why Cas didn't want to leave.

Little footsteps came running, "Uncle Sammy!" A little girl jumped into Sam's arms, his face full of surprise.

"Hey!" He turned to Cas who was avoiding Sam's gaze.

"Well I need to go back and check on breakfast, Abbigail want to help?"

Abbigail wiggled in Sam's hold until he put her down, she took Dean's hand and they left.

Sam stared at Cas, "Cas I know that you love it here but this isn't the way. We need you man, the real Dean needs you."

Cas stared hard at Sam, "Really Sam? Because all that I feel that I am to you two is just something to help get a hunt done faster. You guy's don't really need me. So why can't I just spend the rest of my life in here? Were I am actually loved, appreciated. Where I'm happy?"

"Because it's not real Cas! And I'm sorry you thought we were treating you like that, maybe we were. But we do need you. You're Dean's best friend, you are our friend."

Cas paced, "Just a friend." He turned to Sam and his face was of heartbreak.

Sam softened, "Cas maybe, who knows. You know how Dean is-"

"Ya I know Sam, but you're right. It's not real."

"Cas you know what you have to d-"

"I know Sam. I need to kill myself to wake up. Just... Lets wait until their not there to witness it." Cas turned away from Sam and walked in the kitchen.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean sat a plate of pancakes in front of Cas, "Since the little ones been craving these I made them for you."

Cas smiled at him and cast a weary glance at Sam who had a confused face on. Cas turned to his food, deciding to ignore Sam's questioning stare.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Cas was washing dishes when Sam came up, "Cas..."

Cas sighed and turned the water off, he turned to face Sam.

"I know."

Sam nodded and looked down, he caught a glimpse of Cas's stomach. It was kinda rounder then he knew it always stayed...

Sam's eyes blew wide, "C-Cas? A-Are you-"

"Yes Sam. Apparently in this world the angel mating cycle is real. I am not sure it is in our own..." Cas grabbed a knife and positioned it at his chest, "I'll see you Sam."

"WAIT!" Sam and Cas turned to where Dean was standing. He walked over to Cas.

Dean quietly whispered, "Baby please don't. Don't do this, you can be happy with me. With out little family growing."

Cas shook his head, tears leaking, "It's not real."

Dean kissed him, "But it's better then what you have. In here you have me, we're a family."

"Cas... You need too."

Cas looked at Sam and then to Dean, tears streaming down, "I'm sorry..." He plunged the knife in his chest.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dean was waiting , he had finished off the Djinn and just needed to wait for Sam to get to Cas.

But what if Cas didn't want to come back?

Dean's heart aches and he stared at Cas, then he saw it.

Tears. 

Tears were leaking from Cas's eyes. He must be crying in his dream, he probably doesn't want to leave...

Sam gasped awake beside Cas, "Did you find him? Is he coming back?"

Sam looked around him for a second and nodded, "Y-Ya. Did you get the Djinn?"

Dean nodded, Cas gasped awake and Dean turned to Cas, gripping his shoulders.

"Hey man, welcome back! Maybe you shouldn't go running off by yourself." Dean smirked at Castiel.

Cas stared at Dean for a minute then turned to Sam. His heart sunk. He addressed Dean while getting up, "Did you get it?"

Dean nodded, "Ya. Bastard would've fed off your angel juice for ages. Glad you're