Her purr picked back up at that and he flushed more as he not only heard but felt the humming thrum coming from her.

He'd just never been… so close to her when she got like this. It wasn't uncomfortable… (in fact it was very very much the opposite but he was trying not to think too much about that.) it was just that he felt so damned awkward after having accepted food from her, not that she had meant anything by it. She was simply being the stubbornly loyal friend that she was. She'd seen a situation that she'd thought was unfair to him and refused to let it stand. And trying to stop Nadine Fangmeyer when she got an idea like that in her head was more futile than trying to move a mountain, or trying to outprank Wilde.

Some things were just impossible to do...

The problem though, was that to wolves, sharing food wasn't just a friendly act, it was a statement that they were willing to care and provide for the other… in a very serious, not just as a 'friend' sort of way. And accepting such an offer…

Ralph looked over and saw all the other wolves subtle watching him just as much as they were watching the game. His ears felt like they'd suddenly just been torched and he snapped them back against his head as he slouched back more trying to hide from all the not well hidden curious and considering looks. That only caused Nadine to adjust the position of her chin resting on his shoulder and snuggle closer, as her purr thrummed a bit deeper.

His heart seemed to skip a few beats and his tail jerked only for him to realize that Nadine's tail had curled about it trapping it as well.

For the first time today, he felt like he was truly caught. Trapped, by the tigress that was holding him hostage. The warm, purring, comfortable tigress with her exotically pleasant feminine scent…

Ralph blushed hard, feeling the heat spread from his ears to his face, and tried to shake away his thoughts as his heart started pounding. He was suddenly, violently, aware of just how feminine Nadine was. It's not like he hadn't known before, nor that it made a difference now, or so he told himself, but he was acutely aware of it anyway. She might not be beautiful in the classic wolfish ways but she had an graceful exotic exquisiteness and beauty that he'd always admired. And she was strong, always fun to be around and… his mind suddenly fixated on the fact that Nadine was single. No boyfriend or even crush as far as he knew. That fact was abruptly, exceedingly important to him and filled him with an immeasurable relief.

Ralph noticed his brother glancing at him and then gaped as Bill winked and shot him a thumbs up. His ears snapped back, flat against his skull as he scowled, trying to fight his sudden raging blush before turning back to resolutely watch the game.

This whole situation was just a Big misunderstanding. Nadine hadn't meant anything by offering him food, and he'd only taken it because that was a fight he would have lost anyway. He'd fix any misunderstanding about the food with Bill and the rest of his pack mates afterwards, because that was all it was; a misunderstanding, plain and simple.

She didn't mean anything more by offering me food, Ralph repeatedly, adamantly reminded himself.

Expensive food, which she fed to you, his mind unhelpfully added feeding the fire he was trying to beat back on his face.

But she hadn't meant that. She'd only been being his friend because of how arm and leg being cuffed together, and it was because of stupid wolf traditions he was even having these sudden inappropriate thoughts and feelings. It wasn't like Nadine, the strong independent tigress would ever be interested in him, a wolf...


Would she?


The thought wiggled its way into his mind and Ralph was suddenly at a loss for what to think. It was a possibility he'd never thought about before. He was a wolf and she was a tiger, a canine and a feline, it was unheard of, why it would be more likely for a… for a…

For a fox and a bunny to get into a relationship? His mind helpfully provided.

"SCOOOOORRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

He was ripped out of his sudden flabbergasted mental state as Nadine groaned and the room erupted in cheers and howls.

It took him a few moments to piece his mind back together before he was able to comprehend that his team had scored.

In a quick panicked manner, Ralph shoved all the sudden thoughts and feelings back into the furthest recesses of his mind and hurriedly walled them up. He could examine how he felt about all this sudden new possibility later… maybe.

Whatever might happen though, Nadine hadn't meant anything by her actions here. He'd have to make sure the other wolves understood that, though he'd probably catch no end of ribbing about the incident. For now, though, those thoughts were a distraction