. The movement of the knife is slow, painful, meticulous. The person doing it doesn't care for the pain they're causing.

“Dad, stop-”, Sam says, wiping at his eyes. Dean notices in surprise that his own face is wet with tears he cannot stop. His hands are gripping the edges of the chair so tight that his knuckles turn white. “I think it's enough.”

John nods and puts the knife away. The blood is now running freely down Dean's leg and he leans down, hoping to try and stop the bleeding. There is a catch in his throat he can't control and he can't see everything through his tearful eyes. He leans back on his chair and puts the leg up on the table to slow down the bleeding.

John hands Sam the curved needle, alcohol, surgical thread, bandages and a tourniquet.

“Hurry up, boy,” he says impatiently. “When you're fighting demons, they just slash along the vein, so he's going to be losing a lot of blood every second.”

He explains the movements Sam has to make to put sutures on his brother's leg.

Sam is looking Dean in the eyes. “Are you okay, big brother?”, he asks in a small voice. He's ten years old. He's petrified. His bottom lip is trembling; so are his hands.

Dean quickly wipes his face and his nose. “I'm fine, Sammy,” he says, his voice harsh and filled with pain. “Just hurry up. It hur-”

John sends him a dangerous look. Dean gulps and says quickly, “It hurts to keep my leg so high”.

Dad nods in approval and hands his fourteen-year-old a glass with a bit of whiskey. “Drink this, it'll ease the discomfort.”

The teenager downs the glass and shudders, preparing himself for what's coming next...

And then, just like that, Dean is sitting on the hood of the Impala in the middle of the night, looking up to the night sky. He looks to his left, expecting to see Sam next to him.

To his surprise, he sees Castiel.

“Cas? What are you doing here? Why are you invading my dreams again?”, he frowns at the angel.

“I needed to contact you and you weren't picking up your phone, so I figured it would be the next best thing,” the angel answers and Dean remembers now that he left his phone in the Impala and that's why he didn't hear it.

Dean just sighs. Of course. It's not like Cas simply wanted to spend time with him.

He gives Castiel the name and address of the motel and the room number.

Then he wakes up.

 

He figures sleeping isn't meant for him that night. Sleep is for losers. Although don't trust those stupid bastards who say that they'll sleep when they're dead. Dean had been there and he can tell you with all certainty that sleeping is the last possible thing on your mind when you're dead.

He doesn't even have to turn around to know that Castiel appeared by the window. The soft swoosh of wings and a familiar scent of ozone filling the tiny room are enough for him to know.

“What do you want, Cas?” Dean asks, sitting on his bed and slowly putting on his boots with his back still turned to the angel. He doesn't turn around, doesn't give the angel any sort of greeting.

He raises his head and sees Cas standing right in front of him, looking down at the man with an expression on his face that Dean can't really place. It seems Castiel is in pain, so he raises his eyebrows and eyes the angel top to bottom looking for signs of possible injuries. “Are you hurt?”

“I am not,” the angel replies softly, putting emphasis on the first word. Dean breathes out the breath he didn't even realize he's been holding.

“What do you want, then?”, he asks again, standing up and looking Castiel in the eyes. The angel looks away and that same pained expression crosses his face.

“I... I wanted to check up on you,” he says very slowly, as if not entirely sure if that was what he wanted to say.

“Why?”

Castiel's head snaps up. Now he looks almost offended. “You are my friend. Aren't friends supposed to check up on each other?”, he asks, genuinely surprised.

Dean chuckles. “Yeah, they are. But I thought you had more important things do to than hang around my pitiful self,” he shrugs. “You always do.”

He feels bad for saying that last sentence and he can see it stung Cas just a little bit when the angel tenses and looks away again.

That's okay, Dean tells himself. Can't have Cas liking him and Dean liking him back (too late for that