body. Zayn had smirked and ran his fingers through the brilliant blonde hair of the man who was standing in front of him. He tugged it and smiled when the guys breath hitched.Niall took a deep breath as his hair was tugged at. He looked up at the dark haired man before him and licked his lips. He wanted Zayn to kiss him so bad. When Niall licked his lips Zayn knew what he wanted and decided to just go ahead and do it. He bent down and pressed his lips into the blondes while grinding his hips into the others. Niall gasped and Zayn used that to his advantage. When Niall’s mouth opened he used that to get his tongue in and explore the inside of his mouth.Niall tried to use his tongue to gain control but quickly lost. He then gave up trying and instead decided to enjoy the kiss. He then started grinding into Zayn. It was only a minute before their hands were all over each other and they were basically humping in front of area. Zayn broke the kiss and whispered “Follow me” and turned and headed towards a side exit. Niall watched for a second before quickly following.*End Flashback*That is what led to where they were now. As soon as Zayn decided they were far enough away from the door he stopped and waited for Niall who was beside him a second later. When Niall was in front of him he pushed him into the wall and kissed him hard. Niall didn’t have time to do or say anything when he got to Zayn because before he could blink he was on the wall and being kissed. Niall wrapped his arms around Zayn’s neck and moaned into Zayn’s mouth. Zayn used his knee to spread Niall’s legs and put one hand between then to get massage Niall through his tight jeans.Niall didn’t try to stop Zayn this is what he wanted. He knew with how it was going now it wasn’t going to be slow or long it would be quick and fast.. but he would get the release he so desperately craved. Niall rolled his hips into Zayn’s hand and ran one hand through his hair.Zayn broke the kiss. He looked at Niall and then kissed down the side of his neck and when he got to Niall’s sweet spot he sucked on it and ran his teeth across it. He used his free hand to grab Niall’s ass. He then used the hand that was massaging Niall’s member to unbutton his jeans and then slipped his hand in.After Zayn put his hand in his pants Niall couldn’t concentrate. He ran his hand down Zayn’s chest to his pants and opened them and pushed them down. Zayn pulled down his boxers then Niall’s down. When he did that he pushed their hard on’s together. They both gasped. Zayn put his hand between them and grabbed both of their cocks together and started rubbing them. “Yea.” Niall said quietly. Zayn rubbed their dicks together a few more minutes before he said “Knees now.” Niall hesitated then got on his knees. “Get me wet. I’m not prepping you. A little slut like you doesn’t deserve it!” he told him.Niall said nothing just watched Zayn through lust filled eyes and took him into his mouth. Niall didn’t have a gag reflex so he was able to deep throat him right away. Zayn bit his lip to keep from making any noise. Niall wanted to hear him moan so he moaned around him. Zayn just through his head back. He then grabbed Niall’s head and forced him up and down. Niall started massaging Zayn’s balls. “Hurry up. I wanna be in the tight little ass of yours.” Zayn said through clouded eyes. Niall went up and down a few more times before he let Zayn’s cock fall out of his mouth.Zayn pulled Niall to his feet and turned his around before pushing him into the wall. When Niall was in the position he wanted him in he looked over him then reached out and smacked his ass. Niall hissed in pain. Zayn did it again. He did it a few more time and smirked when Niall’s ass was red and had his handprint. “Open your ass for me you weak for nothing demon.” Niall heard Zayn say. He didn’t hesitate to do as he was told. When Niall was open Zayn rubbed his cock against Niall’s entrance a few time before pushing into him all the way. As he did this he pulled Niall’s hair causing him to arch his back. Zayn didn’t give Niall anytime to adjust before he was pulling out and slamming back in. “Uhn!” Niall moaned as Zayn shoved into him. “Yea! Yea! Uhgnn!!” He kept repeating.Zayn listened to Niall moaned and kept going and started smacking Niall’s ass which caused him to moved and also made Zayn hit his prostate. “Zayn!” Niall said when he hit that spot that made his eyes roll back. Zayn changed his position so that he was hitting