as someone sat down across from him. He nearly choked when he looked up and saw Potter staring at him with huge, green eyes.

"What on Earth are you doing?" he inquired, glaring at the messy-haired boy in front of him.

"Er, sorry about earlier. I was, um, rude, and I overreacted. So, yeah." Potter was silent then, glancing at the table, the wall, anywhere but Draco. Draco regarded him with narrowed eyes for a moment before replying.

"Professor Burbage yelled at you, didn't she?"

Potter looked affronted at this remark.

"Of course not! I'm merely doing this for the good of inter-house cooperation."

Draco raised a dainty eyebrow.

"Yeah, okay, she yelled at me. But I am also doing this for inter-house cooperation," Potter insisted, and the look on his face was so sincere that Draco had to believe him. He sighed, and Potter seemed to sag with relief. 

"Okay, you've done your apologizing. Are you going to go now?" Draco urged.

"Nope, I'm going to eat with you," Potter said.

"Excuse me? I'm perfectly happy sitting by myself, and I am most certainly not  eating any of that garbage," Draco stated, glancing distastefully at the basket of fries Potter had dropped onto the table.

"Oh, yeah, you look overjoyed, sitting here all alone, brooding. And you most certainly are going to eat with me, even if I have to force-feed you," Potter responded, holding up a fry.

"You won't," Draco challenged. He immediately wished he hadn't said anything.

With a determined look on his face, Potter reached over the table and pressed the fry to Draco's lips.

"Do you want to test me?" he chuckled. "Eat it, or I'll open your mouth and put it in myself." Draco couldn't help but shudder in response to his phrasing, and his tone of voice. Not wanting this to carry on any further, he obediently opened his mouth, and Potter pushed the fry past his lips. Draco chewed and swallowed, hoping the heat on his cheeks wasn't as noticeable as it felt.

"How is it?" Potter asked.

"Sickening. Are we done here?"

Potter laughed, and Draco couldn't help but notice how open and warm it sounded. He gazed at Potter's green eyes as their focus returned to him.

"No chance, mate, inter-house cooperation, remember? It's gonna take more than that to get Burbage off my back."

Mate?  Since when did Potter call Draco mate?

"Well, then what do we have to do, kiss?" Draco rolled his eyes.

"Well, I mean, if you're down for it..." Potter trailed off. Draco's eyes widened considerably, so Potter followed up with "Only joking, I was just kidding."

Draco, however, saw that Potter was now blushing at least as much as Draco himself must have been.

Draco opened his mouth to reply, but closed it again as he watched a little girl skip up to the machine behind Potter, drop in a coin, and win a toy. Hers was a stuffed monkey.

Without explanation- why should Draco have to explain anything to Potter?- he stood up and marched over to the machine. He stared into, inspecting each and every toy. Then, he saw it. A plush white kitten with a pink bow on its head. Draco wanted that toy and only that toy, and he was determined to get it.

He drew a quarter out of his pocket-provided by the Professor solely for this trip- and deposited it into the machine. He carefully maneuvered the joystick until the claw was directly over his kitten, and pressed the red button. The claw dropped, grabbed his toy, and yes, yes- No! It dropped his prize halfway to the opening!

Furious, Draco inserted another coin and tried again. Still, he failed to get his precious kitten.

As he reached into his pocket for another quarter, a voice spoke up from beside him.

"You know, I'm really good at those. I could probably win it for you," Potter offered.

Draco hadn't even noticed him there, leaning casually against the side of the claw machine. He had his arm stretched up above his head, so that his shirt was tugged up just enough for Draco to see a sliver of tan stomach, toned from playing Quidditch. He was inexplicably captivated by that small bit of skin, and he stared helplessly for quite a while before realizing that he was expected to give an answer.

"I, er," he started intelligently, tearing his eyes away from Potter's impossibly fascinating abdomen. "No, thanks, I want to win it myself."

So, he took out another coin, fed it to the evil game, and tried again. And lost again.

Draco tried and tried and