beyond what their apathy has already done?





4.

The first time Sirius met Remus it was in the summer of 1981 at a club in Mile End called The Store Room where Sirius would habitually get pissed or maybe score a hit of ecstasy when he could scrape together 30 pounds. It was the easy days before the virus—before they knew about it anyway. He found Remus dancing by the speaker stacks one night. The DJ spinning that night was a particularly talented boy from Manchester who Sirius had introduced a variety of iniquities to—and Remus was dancing as if he feel the music melting in his bones. He barely noticed when Sirius sidled up to him, shouting something filthy in his ear against the lush bassline that swallowed both of them. Remus had just smiled. Circling his arm around Sirius’s neck and closing his eyes, they danced as if they were the only ones dancing. It ended with an unsatisfying blowjob in the bathroom followed by Sirius succumbing to nausea.

The rest Sirius still remembers. He took Remus back to his flat—a dingy, small closet of a place on Charring Cross. The night was warm and close but it felt so new. The morning after Remus told him that he was high as a kite on 2C-B—one of the handful of times he dabbled in psychedelics. That he actually hated dancing otherwise.

When Remus first moved to London he had nothing but a handbag and the address of a man named Benjie he’d met at a school party who’d let Remus sleep on his couch in exchange for small favors. Remus soon moved into a small studio space he rented with his dole money, a small room carved out of a decommissioned clothing warehouse. It was full of paint and turpentine and canvasses stacked on top of another. Remus slept on a mattress on the floor in a corner and pissed in a barely maintained shared bathroom down the hall. He moved in with Sirius at the first mention, because the paint and the thinners aggravated his asthma.

And soon they were furiously in love.

But fate fucks with you. In the winter of 1981 news of the virus, first noticed in Los Angeles, spread throughout London. They started to noticed it amongst their friends, who one by one contracted incurable pneumonia or strange infections. They’d slept with other people: Remus sporadically and Sirius much more prodigiously—and to this day Sirius cannot understand why his test was negative whereas Remus’s positive, and between them their twin fates spanned outward, and Sirius often wonders, like the ache of a familiar wound, the infernal question of whether he would have traded his life for Remus’s—the question not so much as a torment as a constant baseline, a frame.





[March 1, 1993]

I used to believe in the idea that depicting pain had some use, some power. I used to believe pain is the opposite of pleasure. But love and sex and life has taught me otherwise, and perhaps it is cruelty that is the opposite of pleasure. I wonder about this: That maybe when you depict pain you are instead depicting cruelty; in the logic of photography the lens is the emanation of cruelty—in the logic of painting, the painter’s hand. Heterosoc loves not pleasure but pain, and actually it doesn’t even love pain, it just loves cruelty. It exalts the creation of pain, which it calls strength.





4.

In the end Sirius had brought to the hospital room all of Remus’s favorite records. One of the ones Remus wanted to hear repeatedly was Last Recording. Sirius would sit with Remus and read whatever he wanted to hear—the sonnets, Auden, the chapters of Maurice where happiness reigned—with Holiday’s graveled, porous voice drifting in the background, asking them if her magic could erase time—could resurrect human life.

The autumn was still early—just a hint of it in the rims of the elm leaves on Manchester Street. Remus had been so sick he didn’t have the strength to do anything. He talked as if to himself, without caesurae or breath, without any reference to the prodigious exterior world.

“I’m glad I’m dying with you,” Remus had joked. “I’d ask you to take all of me but there’s not much left.”

In the end, they wore latex gloves. They mandated cremation. Barriers, walls—a skin for the monster. Plastic is such a poor cerement, without color or meaning, without feeling or humanness or texture. The blackness of it.

Sirius secretly planned to smash all the windows of the clinic in an act of black revenge—and yet contemplating the rage that buoyed like pond scum inside his grief, he simply signed all the papers in place of Remus’s absent next-of-kin.

In the boot of his car, wrapped in a silk scarf they had gotten from the streets of Galata in Istanbul, the urn.





[March 10, 1993]

I keep dreaming about Wales—the places I had visited as a child.

A summer trip down to Laugharne and Dylan Thomas’s