me.”









Liam huffed.


 


Fingers forming fists.


 


Flexing.


 


Urging to touch him.


 



It’s been too long.



 


“There’s nothing to talk about.”









Zayn stepped closer.


 


Slamming the door shut.


 


Liam didn’t even flinch.


 


“Nothing to talk about?”





 


Brown bambi eyes squinting into angry slits.


 


“Let’s not talk about you leaving then, you avoiding my phone calls and you fucking shutting me out for 

days

! For days, Liam!”









Zayn's voice loud, filled with anger.


 


Covering the hurt leaking through.


 


The hurt, Liam didn’t listen to.


 


His own rage covering his ears.


 


His sight.


 


“You probably didn’t even notice because of that whore lying in your goddamn-”






Their yelling entangling.


 


“You have no 

fuckin’

 right to call her that!”





 


Rage nearly pulled Liam into his knees in frustration.


 


“Why don’t you back to her then, huh? I don’t fucking care! Just leave, Zayn, just fuckin-”









He didn’t see Zayn jumping forward, gripping his shirt harshly to pull him closer, their teeth colliding along with their lips.


 


Lips, he knew like his own.


 


Lips he couldn’t not respond to.


 


Even if he wanted to.


 


His body wasn’t under his control as his lips parted in a moan, tongue licking into Zayn's mouth as his fingers fisted his black hair strands.


 


Liam bit the satisfied grin right off Zayn's lips, pulling at his hair harshly until Zayn cocked his head, making it easier for Liam to win dominance.


 


Hot breaths crashing on their skin.


 


Liam could feel Zayn's cock hardening as his hips thrusted forward against Liam's thigh, moaning without control, the soft noises swallowed by Liam's lips the second after.


 


Hands roaming over each others body.


 


Drinking in every inch their fingers could catch, touch and hold on to.


 


They stumbled backwards, lips locked, hands pressing their bodies closer together, heat travelling between them along with groans and grunts.


 



Want burning in their bloods.



 



Need.



 



It’s been too long.



 


Liam's back hit the couch, knocking the air out of his lungs, before Zayn's mouth met his again, making it able to breathe again.


 



Breathe in his smell, his touch his kisses.



 


Along his neck, teeth biting, teasing.


 


Zayn's hard body towering over his.


 


Thrusting his clothed cock against Liam's growing erection.


 


Fingers tangled in his hair.


 


He opened his eyes for a second.


 


Drinking in swollen pink of Zayn's lips, wet, his wet, messy hair crowning his head.


 


Liam blinked.


 


His body starting to shake, as Zayn buried his face in his neck.


 



No.



 


Anger took over his thoughts again.


 


His hands shoved Zayn off, making him plump down on the floor, eyes widened, swollen lips parted in confusion, shock.


 



Anger

.


 


Liam jumped up.


 


Stretching out his arms.


 


“S-stay away."









“Liam-”









Zayn raised, his legs wobbling, nearly tripping over the pillows sprawled across the floor.


 


“No, I hate you, I fucking hate-"









Nails sinking into his skin, as Zayn tried holding him back in frustration, smashing his lips on Liam's again, teeth colliding with his upper lip.


 


For a second, Liam's mouth responded, opening in a slight moan, before he shook his head again, pushing the black haired man away again.


 


Panting in disgust.


 


Disgusted that he was turned on by the way hot anger spread through his blood along with the red liquid escaping the wound Liam had left on Zayn's lips.


 


 His eyes squinted again.


 


“You lied to me.”









Lips spatting out the words, hate dripping off Liam’s tongue.


 


“You told me she was nothing but a fucking 

friend

 to you even if the whole world knew you were fucking her behind my back!”





 


Zayn pulled at his hair with an angry groan.


 


“I am 

not

 fuckin-”






“Stop lying!”




 


His voice rough from all the screaming.


 


Stepping away with his fists clenching.


 


Ignoring the way Zayn's hard prick pressed against the fabric of his tight skinny jeans.


 


The way his own cock throbbed as Zayn kicked away the chair standing in his small living room.


 


Coming closer by the second.


 


“Why do you have to be so fucking stubborn?! I fucking told you there was nothing between Gi and me!”









Liam's whole body shook.


 


Veins popping out on his neck.


 


“

There you go with the fucking nicknames that slut-”








 


Zayn lunged forward, fist colliding with Liam's jaw.


 


Blood hot in his mouth, a sharp pain on his tongue.


 


“Stop 

calling

 her that!”





 


Liam screamed in frustration as Zayn gripped his biceps, holding him in place as he tried to free himself, tears suddenly hot on his cheeks.


 


“Then stop giving me a reason to! Stop fucking with my feelings and stop pretending that you love-”





 



“Don’t you fucking dare, Liam James Payne!”



 


He had never seen Zayn this angry before, his body