," John grinned, getting his clothes in order again. "We're all set. Right, Rodney?"

Rodney's face was beet red. For a moment, John was afraid he was going to have a stroke or something, but then he seemed to pull himself together and said, "Yes, well, not all set, I still have to arrange everything with the accounts, but I could do that in my sleep. The difficult part's all done."

"The difficult part is tomorrow," Ronon said. "Sheppard has to convince Kolya to transfer the money before you can channel it to another account."

"Piece of cake," John answered. He was really looking forward to that. All this was so exciting that he was beginning to wonder if he'd really be able to quit after this job. The prospect of retirement seemed dull in comparison.

"I believe we will succeed," Teyla said. She had removed her wig and glasses, and was now taking out the pins that held her long hair in place. "I am hungry. Would any of you like to join me for dinner down at the restaurant?" She gave Ronon a look that wouldn't accept any protests.

"Well… I would…" Rodney started, but John quickly stepped in, not wanting Rodney to disappear off to somewhere.

"We already ordered room service. Rain check?"

Teyla flashed him a knowing smile and John loved her for it. "Of course. I will change and meet you downstairs, Ronon?"

"Sure," Ronon answered, still with that amused look. John loved him a little too.

It didn't take Teyla long to get changed into her usual clothes, but to John it felt like hours. He couldn't even bring himself to look at Rodney, half-afraid that the sudden interruption would have turned him off the idea of sex.

He needn't have worried. As soon as Teyla and Ronon were out of the room, Rodney's hands were back on John's ass and his tongue was back in John's mouth and, oh yeah, he could really get used to this.

John's tie and suit jacket quickly went the same way as Rodney's, tangled together in a heap on the floor. Rodney's fingers were fumbling with John's fly and he couldn't wait to get rid of all these clothes. They were in the way, kept him away from Rodney's skin, and John wanted Rodney's skin, wanted much more of it than their current position could provide.

"Bed," he panted and Rodney nodded violently and started walking him backwards into one of the bedrooms, never stopping kissing him. It was slow and stumbling and John was trying to remove as much as possible of their clothing on the way, but then he finally felt the edge of the bed against the back of his knees and found himself flat on his back with Rodney sprawled on top of him, heavy and hot.

John had to break off the kiss, or he would have passed out from lack of oxygen. Rodney's face was very close to his, sporting a smug grin. "Now, where were we?" he asked. His eyes were very bright behind the glasses, pupils completely dilated.

"You're way overdressed," John said, reaching up to pull Rodney's shirt off his arms, and wow, naked Rodney-chest, just a little hairy with pink hard nipples. The man was large without being fat or especially muscle-bound, just nice and solid. John could imagine himself on his back, arms around those broad shoulders while Rodney pressed into him, slow and deep.

"So are you," Rodney responded, unzipping John's pants and reaching inside. "We'd better do something about that, don't you think? God knows how long they're going to be in the restaurant."

"Don't worry," John breathed. "Ronon won't leave while there's still something edible left in the kitchen, god, do that again!" Rodney's hand was wrapped around his cock again, stroking softly and slowly, not nearly enough.

Rodney smiled and repeated the stroke, giving it a little twist on the end that made John's hips jerk up from the bed. "Like that?" he asked, and this was pure torture. John had to press his hand into his mouth to keep himself from screaming.

"You look good like this," Rodney said softly, still stroking slowly, using callused fingers to tease. "But then you know that, don't you? You know how to make people want you. Like that woman in the airport. She was ready to go down on her knees and blow you right there." Another twist, a little more vicious this time; John groaned. Rodney moved on the bed so that he was lying on his side, his mouth close to John's ear. "Would you like me to do that?" he whispered. "Do you want me to