his armchair even as he was killed, is truly remarkable. That the Specter could kill twenty people without making a sound is troubling, hinting at a background in either medicine, military, or law enforcement.” No other comments were made by officials, and the investigation is still ongoing. 

	“More than one guy was on the operation with you,” Jordan says as Michael enters the room, toweling off his hair and why the fuck did Michael feel the need to strut about shirtless? 

	“An operation like that couldn’t be done any other way,” Michael drawls. 

	“You would’ve been heard otherwise,” says Jordan. 

	“So is D’Aubigne any closer?” asks Michael, sitting on the couch.

	“Yeah. He’s guessing you’ve either got a background in medicine, military, or law enforcement,” Jordan reads off the blog. “No DNA found.”

	“I didn’t hit any of their indicators,” says Michael.

	“Didn’t leave any behind, did you?” smirks Jordan. Michael’s face softens. 

	“Never do.” 

	“So…my plan requires Collin Ginsberg, the MacAllister twins, and a thief,” says Jordan.

	“That’s all?” Michael says.

	“Preferably a well-connected thief. The smaller the team, the better,” says Jordan.

	“Perhaps it’s better not to outright declare war,” says Michael, “and rather to wage it on the inside of the ranks.”

	“We need at least one person on the outside,” Jordan says. “Otherwise it’ll look suspicious if certain members start associating more often than usual. Of the two of us, I’m better-connected. If I dropped off, it’d be normal for people to come talk to me. We live in the same apartment, so no change there. We can say that my reason is that I’m tired of seeing the inside of a jail cell, that I can’t deal with the product-”

	“Drugs. Say it with me, Jordan, drugs,” says Michael. Jordan laughs. 

	“Sorry, just so used to talkin’ about it like it’s a business deal,” says Jordan. Michael gives Jordan a look, and Jordan, fluent in Michaelese, translates it to: “Your life is a business deal.” Jordan grins into his hand. 

	The doorbell rings and Jordan wipes the grit from his eyes with the back of his hand before he answers the door. A girl with golden-brown hair wrestling against its braid, a freckle-dusted face, the brightest green eyes he’s ever seen, baggy clothes, torn shoes, and a huge bag on her back stands in his doorway. She holds up the ad for a third flatmate with a feeble attempt at a smile, lips quivering. 

	“Can you pay it?” Jordan asks her patiently. She unclenches one fist and extends a wallet to him. Jordan counts out the money, eyes flicking up to confirm that she’s still standing there. Jordan’s first impression of the girl is that she’s homeless, skittish, scared, and far too young to be looking into buying a room in an apartment with two men already living there on her own. “How old are you?” Jordan asks her as he gets to one-thousand and six-hundred pounds in his counting. 

	“Eighteen,” she croaks in what’s definitely a rural accent. Jordan gives her a smile of his own. 

	“Not as young as I thought,” Jordan says. She tries to grin but it comes out as sharp fragments of what could’ve been amusement at Jordan’s joke. She’s broken. But even shards of glass have sharp edges. She’s survived long enough to weather malnutrition. That alone says a lot. Jordan can guess where she got the money, too. There’s prostitution or there’s thieving, and, no offense, but she doesn’t look like the type who’d wait on corners. No, this one’s a thief. “Looks to be all there. Here’s five-hundred back, and welcome to the apartment.” Her face is trying harder at the act of smiling and it’s one of the saddest things Jordan’s ever seen, how her lips have a snarling curl or have a wretched misery, but can’t seem to find a purchase on relief or happiness. Her eyes get watery and she preemptively wipes at them as if it’ll stop the tears.

	Jordan can’t help it. He pulls the girl into him, rubbing her back, whispering that everything’s going to be alright now, and she’s stiff in his arms and it takes three minutes before her rigid posture to slump into him and for the sobs to finally escape her. Jordan doesn’t know what happened to her, but one day he hopes she’ll tell him. 

---

	“What’s her name?” asks Michael, gesturing at the sleeping girl curled into Jordan’s side on the couch. 

	“Anna Scott