this was something he knew about Dean. Dean was orderly when possible, even when his demeanor and attitude would lead you to believe he was not. Castiel followed suit, arranging his books and storing his jacket. He only dared turn his attention back to Dean when he heard him chuckle softly.

"You go to a Catholic grade school, Cas?" Dean had said, with no real mockery in his voice.

Castiel had looked down at his clothing, wondering what he meant, before quickly gazing around at the crowded hallway. His own tan pants, button-down shirt, and sweater vest were apparently not the normal clothing for this time. Castiel suspected it was because he had borrowed Jimmy's vessel from while Jimmy was in church.

"If you mean because of my…attire…I'm afraid I am just not very fashionable," Castiel had managed to reply. Half of him had wanted to end the conversation there before he broke more of his orders, but half of him had also wanted to continue talking.

Castiel didn't have to hope for too long. He had found that he shared three classes with Dean, and that despite his best (well maybe not best) efforts, they became friends. It was several weeks into school, and Castiel found that he had fallen into a comfortable rhythm of eating lunch with Dean and walking home from school with Dean (which mostly meant that Castiel pretended to have a home nearby). They also were partners whenever necessary in their classes.

It wasn't long before Castiel had begun to truly worry about his orders, and why he hadn't been called home yet. This was not the first time he had broken protocol, but it seemed more serious this time. He knew it, because he had begun to feel something, and the sadness that covered him when he thought of leaving, was insurmountable.

While eating lunch one day, Dean had opened up to Castiel, and told him about his father and about Sam. They were people that Castiel never asked about, not due to any form of politeness, but because he already knew more about them than perhaps Dean did. Castiel listened at first with indifference, particularly towards Sam. Sam's destiny was no secret in heaven.

Over time, Dean had begun to leak his secrets to Castiel, and Castiel had found himself listening intently. Where he once was indifferent and ambivalent, he found himself drunk on the knowledge of Dean's life. Not from the facts that he could observe with his own eyes, but from Dean's own retelling. This was when Castiel should have known to stop, but he didn't.

He didn't until he found himself locked in a supply closet with Dean, who was doubled over with laughter. The sight of Dean laughing was enough to bring a smile to Castiel's face, although he could not understand why Dean had thought it necessary to set off what he called a "stink bomb" near the teacher's lounge.

Castiel spoke up, to voice his disapproval in a mocking tone, "Dean, I don't think that was very wise"

"Ya, whatever, Cas," Dean replied, his laughter suddenly stopping as he narrowed his eyes.

That was new, and Castiel feared the words that came next.

"It doesn't matter because we're moving again".

Castiel had opened his mouth to speak but stopped when Dean stepped forward, and wrapped his arms around Castiel's neck and pushed him against the door of the supply room. Castiel held still for a moment before he moved his own arms up to rest against Dean's back.

While human time typically passes slowly for angels, that was the longest and most pure moment Castiel had ever felt. He was quiet, as he felt Dean's tears wet on his own cheek. He had been watching Dean's soul for fifteen years now, and that was the closest he had ever felt to understanding what it meant to have a soul.

As they pulled away, Castiel had done something he knew he would regret. He had brushed his lips gently against Dean's cheek. He didn't wait to see how Dean would respond; he gently pressed his two fingers to Dean's forehead.

That time, he waited and watched, invisible. Dean would have no memory of having met Castiel again. Castiel would become "Daniel" and take on the image of a red-headed boy who moved away a week ago. As his own heart mourned the memory that Dean would never have, Castiel had been surprised to see Dean run a hand over his cheek, where Castiel's lips had just been.

Castiel promised himself then that he would be more careful, stay further away, because he had been flying to close to the sun. It turned out that Castiel really liked the sun though.

It was only two years before Castiel was again ordered to return to Earth, to borrow his vessel's body, and watch over Dean. The orders were mysteriously similar to the ones he had received before, but this time Castiel intended to