. Kate forced Shell to stand and that’s when the brunette realized she had chains around her wrists that were tied to the ceiling. “Hold still Shell-bell.” Kate purred and then shoved two fingers into Shell. 

Shell groaned from behind the tape as Kate stretched and scissored her. She curled her hands into fists, trying so hard not to moan. Kate pushed her fingers in deeper, thrusting them back and forth inside her. Kate licked her lips as juices began to trickle down the brunette’s legs. 

Finally, she was stretched enough and Kate withdrew her fingers. Morgan picked up a rabbit vibrator and tossed an anal vibrator to Kate. Morgan stood in front of Shell, while Kate stood behind her, both of them giggling. Shell struggled and cried out when Morgan slowly shoved the rabbit vibrator into her, the body inside her while the smaller piece was right at her clit. Kate then slowly shoved the anal vibrator into her from behind and she shuddered. 

Morgan pressed the ON button of the rabbit vibrator and Shell couldn’t keep the moan down. She sounded like a shameful whore, as being tormented by sexual devices and people themselves. Kate did the same thing with the anal vibrator and Shell moaned brokenly from behind her gag. 

Extreme pleasure shot up her spine, her mind becoming cloudy with her deepest and darkest desires. She would never admit it, but she had a fetish for some bondage and her neck especially being assaulted. 

“I think she’s starting to like it Kate, what do you think?” Morgan purred seductively as she gently squeezed Shell’s breasts, fondling them and flicking her nipples with her thumbs which enticed more moans from the 19-year old. 

Kate ran her hands down the length of Shell’s sides and kissed the side of her neck. “Looks like she is Morgan.” She began assaulting Shell’s neck, biting, licking and sucking all at once while Morgan kissed and licked at her breasts. Shell moaned again, arching into the girls’ touches. 

Morgan pressed a button on the rabbit vibrator and it suddenly began to thrust into her. In and out, over and over again until Shell’s moans turned into screams of lust and pleasure. Morgan chuckled and as she sucked at the pert nipples in front of her, she pressed another button which caused the vibration to go on HIGH. Kate did the same thing with the anal vibrator and soon Shell was screaming from pure, sexual desire. 

After more of her juices flowed down her legs, both of the vibrators were turned off and taken out of her. She tried to speak, but the tape prevented it. “Huh? What’d you say?” Morgan gently took the tape off and Shell spoke in a broken, yet low voice. 

“M….more….” 

“What?” 

“More…” the brunette said a little louder and both younger girls smiled at each other. 

“Don’t worry Shell. We’re not even halfway done.” Kate purred after doing her assault on Shell’s neck. 

The girls walked over to the counter and looked at what they could use next to pleasure the brunette. “How ‘bout this?” Kate held up a sex machine that used a jigsaw body. 

“Get her started with that while I find something.” 

Kate nodded and walked over to the nearest plug in to Shell and plugged it in. “Do you know what this is?” Kate asks and Shell nodded. “Good.” She then positioned it at the brunette’s entrance and slid it inside, causing Shell to groan as she was entered again. Kate smirked and turned it on, immediately beginning a thrusting motion with the dildo that hung from it. 

Shell squirmed and writhed as the machine fucked her and in the process, she opened her legs more, allowing Kate to slightly push it in deeper. She let out a loud, but breathy moan. Kate pressed a button to make the motion faster and soon Shell was crying out in pleasure. 

“Hey, I found another one of those.” Morgan smirked and plugged the second machine in. She pressed the tip between Shell’s butt cheeks and slid it in, pushing the button and thrusting into her fast. As the pleasure became too overwhelming for Shell to handle, she squealed as she climaxed. Even as she did so, the girls chuckled and the machines continued to fuck her until she climaxed two more times, screaming out. 

“I think we’ve had it with those.” Morgan spoke and the machines were turned off and taken out. “Let’s do the double dildos.” 

Shell groaned out loudly as a dildo was placed in both her entrance and her behind. The two dominating girls moaned as they placed the other ends into their own bodies and began thrusting. Morgan held onto Shell’s shoulders while Kate held onto Shell’s sides and all three of them were moaning with desire and lust. 

“Ugh….! H-harder!” Shell cried out and the dominating females granted Shell’s wish, moving their bodies even more and getting closer to Shell, making both dildos go deeper into her. They penetrated