talks about Harry and how they’d met and how he’d ended up in St Lucia for Harry’s wedding. Niall talks about how he’d had a crush on Harry and had always pushed it off, figuring things would just fall into place. How he’d taken an extended trip to Australia, couch-hopped in Europe bugging old uni mates for a while before flying back to Ireland, how when he returned to London months later, Liam was in the picture destroying any dreams of Harry Niall might have had. “Not that like, I feel jealous or anything. Liam’s a good bloke. Couldn’t really expect Harry to like wait on me.” He laughs at that, but Louis stays quiet frowning a bit. Liam is a good bloke, one of his best mates, he can’t deny that, but he can’t imagine Harry without Liam, but Niall had existed in Harry’s life before Liam; Niall and Harry had definitely been a possibility. Yet, he can’t imagine a world where Harry and Liam weren’t together. It’s all a bit confusing, his thoughts not quite lining up as he orbits.



Niall talks about the gig he did with a friend back in Ireland, about how nice it had been to be on stage even for a few hours, about how everything melted away except the music.



Louis not sure if it’s the weed that’s got Niall open or if Niall is a naturally open person but his voice has a certain melody and his thoughts are engaging if only a little bit scattered. He’s nice company in a different way than Zayn.



In the middle of a story Niall starts rolling a joint expertly, smiling a bit at Louis. “Harry said you live in London, yeah?”



Louis nods once, head lolling a bit to the side, “Yeah, share a flat with Zayn.” 



Niall nods, taking a hit of the joint. “So like,” he exhales, smoke blowing into Louis face. Louis opens his mouth like a fish and pretends to inhale the smoke. Niall laughs sunnily. “What do you do?” 



It’s the common question. Maybe Niall had finally noticed Louis had only been listening.



Louis shrugs, “Not much really.” It’s true. He doesn’t do much. He works odd jobs here and there, maintaining his internship at a firm, hoping to move up one day. “Went to school. Got a degree. Figuring things out.” It’s been a few years.



Whenever he says that Liam would give him a pity look, like a parent (and really Louis hopes Harry and Liam jumpstart on kids because he’s not sure how much longer Louis can stand Liam playing dad) and say things along the lines of you’ll get there and you have to start from somewhere right Lou and Louis gets that. He does get it. He understands he couldn’t expect to graduate and be a successful lawyer, and yet he’s still stuck in the same internship he was doing his second year of school, doing work and getting no credit. It’s frustrating.



He knows he’s impatient, that he’s lucky. But he still can’t help but want more. He’d just rather people not mention it.



Niall doesn’t push it, and Louis is ever grateful, instead inhaling smoke. “Want a hit?” 



Louis’ not sure if his body would be appreciative of continuing to smoke. He hadn’t come down yet, but the smoke smelled sweet and thick, so he nods. Plus, it’s his weed, technically Zayn’s, so it’s only fair he smoke it too.


 


+++



His throat feels raw when he wake sup, Zayn shoving him off the bed. “Honestly, Liam’s been calling you for about an hour and if you don’t get up I swear.” He doesn’t finish his threat, instead burying himself further into the hotel bed.



He’s disoriented as he stands, the room spinning slightly before everything stills. His phone is laying on the ground and he wonders if it was Zayn’s doing- having heard it ring and thrown it. 



“Liam.” Louis answers, his voice is scratchy and his eyes still coated with sleep.



“Louis!” Liam’s voice is bright and cheerful and Louis loathes him for it. “Harry and Gemma are going to the shops later, and I figured Zayn, you, and I can do something.”



Louis doesn’t mention how it distinctly sounds like Liam is considering them a second choice. “Yeah?” He’s not sure of the time, couldn’t have been more than a few hours since Niall left. Louis isn’t actually sure when Niall left and how he had ended up in bed, tangled in white sheets and long limbs.



“There was a cool-looking club down by the beach front. A proper bachelor party, yeah?” Harry’s distinct noise of disapproval is heard over