."

"Why is that?"

"I put him there."

Spencer didn't ask more. but he frowned. Alex put his younger brother in prison? for what? did the younger do something wrong? What happened exactly? And if Jack has a younger brother.. Does he have more family members? Perhaps if Garcia does a little digging she can find out. No that would be wrong. That is snooping. He just has to ask if he wants to know. Jack was open about himself. Maybe he'll be open about his family too?

"So how many brothers do you have?"

"I had two. Both younger. But one of them... He was very sick and he didn't make it."

"oh... i'm sorry."

"nothing you can do about it. don't be sorry."

"what about your parents?"

"It's... Complicated"

And there was it, the first blockade Spencer stumbled on. Jack wasn't as open about his family as he thought he would be. He simply stated that it was complicated and didn't open up further about it. Like he didn't want to talk about it. Apparently that was a subject he did not want to talk about. It still left Spencer with a certain curiosity. but he wasn't going to press to get answers. Alex wasn't ready to talk. Not about that.

Jack got more comfortable and plugged his music in his ears. Listening to his own taste of music. Spencer decided not to keep bothering Alex and keep himself busy with the book he brought along. Reading in his own way. 20.000 words per minute. Flipping the pages faster then any normal person would. Jack seemed to sneak glances at him from the corner of his eyes from time to time. But he didn't say anything or ask about it.

 

 

Another case turns up on Reid's birthday. Spencer discovers that Alex has a way of understanding him like no one else does. At the end of the case Alex hands him a birthday gift.

-"People have always pretended they understood me. But none of them really did. Perhaps bits and pieces of the puzzle. But no one ever saw the bigger picture. Until Alex. I started feeling comfortable around him. Simply because he has a way of understanding me like no one else does."- Spencer Reid


            (See the end of the chapter for  more notes.)
            

 


 Despite the progress on the Lucifer case, the team isn't any closer to catching the Unsub. They are two weeks and several victims and different cases further. All of them do agree that Jack forms a good asset to the team. They start to get comfortable as such a complete team. But Spencer realizes more and more that if they catch the Unsub that calls himself Lucifer, Jack will quit the team again and go back to his previous job. He feels a dilemma because he doesn't want more people to die by the hands of this Unsub. but he doesn't want Jack to quit the team either. He likes the special agent and bonds with him. perhaps even better then he bonds with Morgan or Hotch. Who are like a brother and father figure to him.  



 Jack is concerned with a few things but till thus far he hasn't opened up about much other then himself. Spencer feels that he is only scratching the surface and that Alex doesn't want him to dig deeper. Perhaps because Jack is not a permanent member on the team. But what they have learned is that Jack is trust worthy. Alex is quick, sharp and brings up ideas that no one else could think of. Though Spencer is still the one who comes up with the most clues to solving the cases. Jack is well on his way to be a good second. Even though that isn't Alex's intention at all. Garcia also seems to be really fond of him. But more in a friendly way. Alex suspects that Spencer has an interest in him that has nothing to do with work. but he keeps quiet about it. Spencer isn't even sure of what he's feeling yet. He can't figure out weather this is a simple crush or has deeper meaning. 


 

Reid groans as he desperately tries to blow out the candles on his birthday cake. But the flames just won't go out. To save him from frustration JJ takes it upon herself to tell Reid that they are trick candles.Morgan is having fun with teasing Reid before that.

"Come on blow! baby, blow!"

Elle joins him and chuckles; "I thought you were full of hot air."

JJ can't bare to see Spencer struggle and saves him from his misery. "they are trick candles, spence. They are gonna come on again every time."

Morgan snickers amused. "Aww mommy to the rescue."

Reid frowns. "mommy?"

Gideon and Hotch watch as Hotch says to Gideon; "Isn't it amazing he knows what he knows and he's only 24? "

Gideon huffs a chuckle.