looked so scared, fear looked good on his face.

“Turn around and you’ll see.”

The man with the gun slowly turned and screamed. Behind him was a large hooded shadow, blood coated teeth and piercing red eyes were visible. Blood and spit dripped from the mouth and onto the floor, his claws were coated with blood. A bunch of smoke surrounded the man and the shadow and then they were gone. The gun landed on the floor.You sighed and went to the kitchen. Reaper takes his kills to the back shed, you’ll clean it up later. He was taking the man with the gun to your father’s kill room. Speaking of dad. You grabbed your phone and called the man. The phone rang twice then he answered.

“Baby, are you ok?” came his raspy voice.

“I’m fine dad. But, when are you getting home?”

“I’m off my shift in an hour. What’s wrong?” he sounded worried.

“Just had some guests today and they made a bit of a mess. Hope you aren’t upset dad,” you said grabbing some water bottles from the fridge. There was a sigh on the other side of the phone.

“Alright. I’m not upset. I’ll see you when I’m home. I love you, bye,” he said gruffly. You knew he had to sound annoyed with you, but you could hear the faint anticipation in his voice. You said goodbye and hung up and headed to the basement.

You turned on the light and walked down the stairs, you could hear the chewing of meat and breaking of bones. At the foot of the stairs you would make out a large form hunched over and eating something. You cleared your throat and the figure turned to you. In the darkness, you saw bright white eyes and horns.

“Hello Hanzo. Where is his wallet?” you asked approaching the large demon. He handed you a wallet, his clawed hands were covered in blood and gore. Your father would check the IDs in their wallets and find out if these men committed any crimes or were wanted. Your dad had a rule about only killing bad people, people they system let slip away.

“He put his shoes on the table and they planned on hurting you,” Hanzo growled. 

“I know. They followed me and didn’t stop. I thought you and the others would be hungry. Thank you Hanzo for keeping me safe.” You touched his hair and kissed his forehead. The demon let out a purr and went back to eating. You left him a bottle of water and headed upstairs. 

You entered the room with the weapons and found the man who had the sword hacked into several different pieces. Above him stood Genji, the demon turned to you and grinned. He set his sword down and approached you, he handed you the wallet.

“Are you well?” he asked you. 

“Of course. Thank you for taking care of him,” you said patting your friend on the shoulder.

“Reaper’s angry. You should go see him.”

“I know. Here’s some water, finish this mess. I’ll be back in a bit with dad.” You left the demon to his meal and headed out back to the shed.

You knocked and opened the door. In the middle of the shed was the shadow figure hunched forward. You could see he ripped the man apart and you could hear the noises coming from the demon’s mouth, it made you feel slightly sick.

“Reaper.”

“Mi luna,” the demon purred. He turned to you and you saw his red eyes in the darkness, blood and spit dripped from his teeth.

“My love, are you satisfied?”

“Yes. But they got too close to you. That other one kept touching you. Your father’s going to enjoy killing him. It’s been a long time since we all got our own bodies to eat,” Reaper laughed darkly. He approached you, smoke billowing around him. His blood coated claws touched your face.

“I have you to protect me. I love you Reaper.”

“I love you.”

“Now, finish up here and meet me inside. Dad will be home soon.”

You left Reaper in his shed and went inside. You prepared yourself something to eat. Reaper joined you inside sometime later, he set the man’s wallet on the counter. His claws and smoke kept touching your body, you knew after he feeds he gets aroused. Later tonight you would be in his shed for a fucking. You took his claws and kissed him, then touched his body. He took a physical form and kissed you hard. 

The front door opened and your dad stepped in, he coughed at you two and narrowed his eyes. His blue eyes were sharp and cold but he was amused with you and the demon. Jack, in this form, was a handsome man who appeared to be in his thirties. He was young and his hair was blonde, you used