.

I sat on my usual spot facing east and waited for the sun to come out of the horizon, I relish the feeling of the heat of the sun as I close my eyes and feel the rays heats my skin. I flinch when I felt that something hard collides on my back, looking over my shoulder I saw a close, knuckle size clam on my deck. My eyes widen at the clam and I immediately grab my knife and force the clam open. Whoever threw this clam on my back is a very generous person, these types of calms are heavenly delicious and hard to get since they rest at the bottom of the ocean.

I finally opened it, scraping the meat inside I moan in delight as the rich flavor touch my tongue. Before I even finish, another one collided with my elbow. This time, it is bigger than the first, I tried to finish the first one before moving to the second one. As much as possible I don't want to waste food and I want to savor the taste of the rare food. As I eat the second clam I notice that my harpoon actives and deactivates afterwards. There was something on the water, come to think of it, I was alone now so who's been throwing clams at me? Do clams jump out of the water nowadays?

I focused my attention at my harpoon, it activates and aims at the water, firing air on its target. I slowly move to the direction on where it is aiming and found nothing but plain dark waters. My harpoon keeps firing air, I sat on my deck and leaning at the edge and watch waters. It was strange, harpoons only activate when there are sea monsters above the surface of the water but I see none!

I dangle my legs out of my boat, my feet almost brush at the water and continue eating my clam, also a plain excuse to have my knife ready when something came up. My harpoon keeps on firing none stop on the same area. Maybe my harpoon is busted already? I poke the harpoon with my knife hoping for it to stop but it didn't. After some time, I finished eating the clam and I finally got annoyed by the sound of my harpoon firing at nothingness, I decided to turn it off.

I cleaned the shells of the clam on the water until they are sparkling and shining. These will cost a fortune and Armin will flip! I continued cleaning the second clam when my eyes caught a glimpse of the surface of the water, it was moving towards me. I ignored it and continued on cleaning the clam while maintaining my alertness. If this one can make itself invisible like the Phantom Carp then I might be in trouble. But nothing happened, I kept cleaning the clam until it is sparkling and shines as the last ray of sun hits it. Damn, I wasn't paying attention, the sun is about to disappear into dense clouds.

I got up from my sitting position and get ready to set sail, also turning on my harpoon again. I busied myself in preparing while occasionally glancing over my harpoon, it is still shooting but this time in a different direction.

"Nah," I shrugged it off, this is not the first time that this happened. There are types of sea monsters that will travel near the surface but enough to easily spot them above water. Probably a school of Phantom fish. If those fish don't bother me, I won't bother them either.

I paddle my way to the current like usual routine. But I can't think of another reason that causes those clams to jump out of the water. It only makes me think that the ocean had many secrets to tell.

 

Levi

I've seen too many humans in my life that I almost memorized the way they travel, how they catch mindless fish with their sticks and how they attacked them with their mechanical thingy.

Everything was a cycle above the waters, that's what makes the surface boring, every mer knows that. Humans live and died so why waste your time on them? They are not even appetizing to eat in the first place. But if the surface is boring how much more in underwater? Triple.

Years of observing them under water lessen my curiosity. Generations after generations, they head east, south, west and now north. This generation is very lucky to travel north, well if they survive it. Monsters are not easy on that side of the waters, I heard humans call them Titans but this generation didn't know about that because no humans from the last batch survive.

Why do I know such human language you say? It started with a boring story of the ocean, who gave the human enough land to live and call their own. But the humans are selfish beings, they want too much from everything even if it hurts the ocean. The ocean punishes them by taking away their land. And that's the end of it, but the humans left the ocean dirty with their filth and that filth taught every mer their language. Well actually, one curious mer found a plastic thingy,