Instead of dwelling on it, though, Louis searched into his bag for a pair of panties he'd picked up when he visited home..  and he would never admit to the fact that he asked himself if Harry would like them before he made the final purchase. Going into the bathroom, he washed off the long flight and slipped on the pink lace, checking himself out in the mirror before opening the door to join Harry in the laundry room. Except, he didn't need to wait that long, being grabbed nearly as soon as the first creak sounded through the small apartment, large hands gripping his waist and lifting him up as lips crashed onto his heavily, roughly. He curled his shaking legs around Harry's waist and drowned his fingers in the locks that still weren't quite as long as he was used to, easing the kiss into a more calculated one, but still desperate with moans emerging from both of them as Harry carried him into the small room whose walls held all their sinful secrets.

Louis gasped as his bare skin hit the cold steel of the washer that was already running the cycle, the light noise merging into the string of curses and sighs that were stringing from his lips. Harry pulled away to push him down against the length of the machine, sliding his ass to the edge and spreading his legs in the air like a cheap mistress spread eagle for her master. The softest lips fell against his succulent thighs, devouring every inch without a break in stride except to switch from left to right and back to left as it neared the junction of his hot cock that wasn't shy about expressing the emotions stirring it to life. Harry mouthed at the thin fabric, his hot breath causing goosebumps to rise on his skin as he nibbled along the outline of the throbbing dick that was so ready to explode that Louis would be embarrassed if it wasn't for the fact that he hadn't had an orgasm in over two weeks. When Harry pulled away, Louis bit down on his lips to keep the soft cry from escaping as fingers curled around the edge of the washer and eyes watched the dildo nearing the space between his thighs. Like the fucker that he was, Harry slipped the tip of the toy along the center of the panties tracing the crack of his ass and hips involuntarily lifted in silent plea as his mouth opened to let out a mixture of gasps and sighs. Harry's fingers pulled the lace to the side before leaning forward to drag his tongue between his cheeks and lick the rim of his hole, dipping the wet muscle inside before replacing it with the dildo which he, of course, readied with a healthy amount of lube.

A few inches in, Harry left the dildo to stretch his tightness as he reached for Louis' neck, leading him forward and pressing a lone kiss along his defined collarbones, mumbling gently against his skin. "Admit you missed me, Tomlinson."

"N-never.."

"Still playing hard to get after all this time?" Harry breathed, mouth moving up his neck and jawline, trailing to his ear. "When you know what I'm so capable of."

Eyes fluttered close and that cry he'd been holding in rang out when he pushed dildo in further while simultaneously sucking Louis' earlobe into his mouth. "Admit it."

"Har.. Harry.."

"Lou.."

"Missed you.. did.. I miss.. please, f-fuck me already.."

The son of the bitch smirked against his ear and seconds later began to move the toy in and out of his aching hole, the squished sounds of the lube rubbing along his walls drowned out by the cycles changing of the washer beneath him. Velocity was gain and Louis legs trembled with each thrust of Harry's hand, his own somehow finding their way to the older man's hips and he was pushing himself against the toy destroying his tightness, making him moan pathetically and seep through his new panties. Moments later, he was emptied and he barely heard the demand to get on all fours across both machines, the dryer now roaring to life after a single button was pressed and Harry was joining him atop the washer. His knees were dangerously close to the edge of the washer, hands planted against the middle of the dryer and Harry all but ripped the panties from his frame, placing them on the arch of him back as he positioned himself between spread legs and wasted no time drowning him hard cock within crumbling walls, leaving Louis' toes to curl, fingers to clench, and mouth to produce sounds he was sure were new to the ears of his long time lover. Thrusts quickly became jerks of desperation but it didn't lesser the allure that was Harry Styles in his glory as his nails dug into the soft skin of Louis' thighs and his cock hit every right spot within him that had his eyes rolling to the back of his head and him praising a God that was surely disappointed in the lust he currently basked in. It wasn't until he felt the fabric grip the length of his neck that he realized Harry made good use of his panties, lifting him