scrutinizing the sweater’s appearance. Adrien almost feels the urge to hide it. “I hope you like it!”

He doesn’t think about her words too much. “Thank you,” he murmurs, before moving past her class.

(He slips it on before walking into the room, and doesn’t miss the way Marinette’s eyes follow him whenever he walks.)

 

 

“Did you remember to sign your name this time?”

She really is hopeless.

 

 

This is  not  what she expected the storm to bring in.

Chat Noir stands in her room, soaked to the bone. Half of her pictures of Adrien have been hidden, shoved precariously under the bed; the other half are set in a collage as her desktop wallpaper, and there’s no way she’s changing  that  for Chat Noir.

Eerie green eyes find her and she can’t help but shiver. The ring on his finger indicates he’s not set to turn back for a while, so his identity is safe. Marinette stands awkwardly by her bed, stuck between asking him to leave and telling him to stay.

“Um.” He breaks the silence. “Thanks for letting me come in.” His voice is familiar ― but then, she’s fought alongside him for a long time now, has memorized his battle style, specialties, and quirks. “You have a pretty room, fit for a pretty girl.”

 Flattery or truth? Which will work here?  Marinette absentmindedly presses a hand against her sleeved arm where her soulmark is. “I can’t believe Chat Noir is in my room?” It sounds more like a question than the fangirl squeal she was going for. An amused frown pulls at his lips.

“Yeah? Don’t worry, Marinette,” her real name sounds so  weird  coming from him ― “Your room was nice to begin with, but it practically feels like  home  now.”

“How do you know my name?” she asks warily, glaring at him in the eye, unafraid, because this is Chat Noir and she’s stronger than him.

“Well.” His easygoing smile becomes forced. “Um. That’s… what about during the whole Evillustrator panic? Ring any bells?”

“Unfortunately,” she murmurs. Nathaniel is not a bad boy or friend in any way, but Marinette can’t imagine herself liking him in the way he seemed to like her. She’s not  completely  oblivious.

They stand in an awkward silence for a moment, Marinette shifting her weight from foot to foot. Eventually, Chat Noir stretches out on her bed, a loud yawn escaping his lips. She can’t help but think he has  no  manners. This isn’t even his house! If he’s so tired he should just  go home.

But the thing is, it’s still raining, and Marinette doesn’t want him out so much that she’s willing to throw him out and risk him getting a cold yet. A sick kitty leaves their team at a disadvantage when they’re fighting akuma victims, and that occupation is difficult enough as it is without carrying around a cat rendered immobile.

After a while, it’s easier to ignore him, and she gets to work with her tablet ― Chat Noir or no, she’s going to get this design  done. That is, until she feels his weight leaning against the back of her chair. She fumbles with the tablet and clicks it off, dumping it on her desk. His interest practically radiates off of him.

“What were you working on?” he asks; the curious lilt of his voice is one that she’s still learning, one she’s still figuring out.

“Nothing,” she responds quickly. Her hand drifts to her soulmark again, and she doesn’t miss the way his eyes follow her motion. “Drawing.”

“Don't let  me  stop you, then,” he quips lazily, still staring at her tablet.

“I can’t draw when you’re  watching  me,” she mumbles. “Besides, I’m not even that good.”

“Don’t give me that.” He snatches the tablet off of the desk and clicks it on, staring at the design she’d drawn. “Oh. This…”

She glares at him. “Yeah, I know, it's not very good. You don't have to rub it in.”

“What?” he glances at her distractedly. “No, it's  really  good, it…”

She's not convinced. His eyebrows are furrowed as he stares at the design.

“It makes me feel weird,” he mutters.

Marinette’s eyebrows are drawn in irritation. “Well,  excuse  me. I’m  sorry.”

“In a good way!” he assures her. “It reminds me of freedom. That’s what I get when I wear this mask, and you… you  got  it.”

Her eyes widen before softening in his direction; Chat Noir isn’t the only one who feels free behind the mask of a crime-fighting superhero