all of her friends to come at home. She felt bad when she had to say there wasn't a lot of people to invite. She was the weirdo in her class, too young to be with them, too absorbed in her books and her studies, not really seeing the point in making friends you were going to lose any way. She had already skipped another class since getting in her new school.

And so the family switched plans. They would all go on a vacation, a road trip to Florida. They were going to see the old space base of Cape Canaveral, and maybe the Space museum. Everybody in the family knew Pidge was staying up late to gaze at the night sky. She was the kind of child to have dozens of stars stuck on their ceiling and on the walls. But hers were organized to recreate real constellations, as she had firmly demanded it. They all got in the car together, at the crack of dawn, two days before her actual birthday. They wanted to come home before then because they already had organized a surprise. Even her brother, who could not keep a secret to save his life, didn't tell her what it was.

And so they all got in the old car, ready to sing along on tunes and play games to pass the time. Her father also talked a little bit about his work at the Galaxy Garrison. Matt said he was going to enroll there, as he wanted to be the first to discover alien life.

"Let some things for your old father", laughed Sam Holt watching his children in the rear-view mirror.

"You'll be able to come with me and Katie", answered Matt easily. "If there is a discount when you bring a senior....officer of course."

"I"ll turn the car around young man!"

The whole family laughed, care free. The whole trip was an enchantment. It was incredible to see all those historical places, the base where the first missions launched from the United States, to see all the moon rocks they brought back with them and all those relics from the First Space Run. It made space feel...closer somehow. The museum also had some activities in zero G. It was the funniest thing Pidge had done in years, jumping around on her brother's back, just because they could. She felt right at home in the space ships replica, cozy even in the smaller places. It was as if it was made just for her.

"I want to go to the Galaxy Garrison too" she said in a tired voice during the return trip.

"You're too young, Katie. But soon. And you'll be amazing. You are going to do great things."

Her father's voice lulled her to sleep. She woke up when they got back home, for her true birthday party. The cake was enormous, full of chocolate and cream. It was delicious. The gifts were even better. She got her own first computer, a small laptop. She was amazed. Of course she already spent some time on the family's computer but this time it was hers, she could do whatever she wanted on it. It was like the windows she used to gaze from, but this window was opened on the whole world. Her fingers twitched in anticipation. The second gift was even more of a surprise. Someone rang on the door. Her mother stood up, and got a bow full of holes from the stranger. She thanked him, and went back inside. She put the box on the table. It moved by itself.

"Open it" She encouraged her daughter.

Pidge had just the time to get rid of the box's lid before a ball of fur jumped outside, barking. She cried tears of joy as she was hugging her new puppy. That night, she fell asleep, looking at the stars on her ceiling, her dog in her arms. Life was great.






When she was eleven, Matt left for the Garrison. She tried and pretended like it didn't hurt to be left alone. She spent more and more time on her computer, except during Matt's permissions, when she was always huddled on his room's floor, listening to his stories. The Garrison seemed to be everything she wanted and more. He let her try his (too big for her) uniform. The orange clashed terribly with her hair color but she couldn't stop smiling.

"Hope you got them ready for me, bro."

"How can I do that? Nobody's ever truly ready for you, Katie."

During this year, she learned how to code and hack. It became a game to see all the places on the web she wasn't supposed to go to. It dulled the loneliness to feel connected to something greater. Even if she felt a little bit alone, and a teeny bit jealous of her brother, life was still good.






When she was twelve, she learned about the Kerberos mission and that her father and her brother would both be aboard this exploration