as being, he’s tall enough. 

Zayn texts Harry to turn around because Harry is on the other end of the window. He looks in the direction of Zayn immediately, like Zayn’s a shiny, rare gem or the first time looking at life with color. With all this elation and eagerness he barges through the door, literally. Harry manages to trot into the transparent glass door while Zayn inches towards to pull it open. With a sudden shrieking laugh from Zayn, he gets the door open and takes Harry’s face into his palms. “Are you usually prone to pain?”

“Yeah, always -- I mean… no?” Harry’s face is not only presenting a red mark and fading bruise but confusion.

“It’s okay, Harry. I should get you some ice.” Zayn laughs and gets them to a booth where someone already assists them with water and ice wrapped in a cloth for Harry. 

Harry groans, wincing even when the coldness meets his forehead, “That was embarrassing. If you were in here, you’d here the loud sound my head made with the glass. 

“I did hear it.” Zayn finishes at the mere memory of Harry’s face first, the bang, and the way the transparent door vibrated. 

“Anyways, good choice.” Harry says, eyes wandering around the environment. A breakfast location in downtown where the walls are worn out pieces of wood and the tables are rustic, with glazed logs to sit on. It’s festive, especially with how they’ve strung fake autumn leaves around the ceilings and have mini pumpkins on every few tables. This is what the fall is all about, all of something Zayn loves, and would expect for Harry to enjoy as well. 

Things are going swell for Zayn when Harry gets even more in awe with his surroundings, the way his face contorts into something so amused, and Harry is even sighing contently, “Love the decorations. That too, really good.”

“I actually did those. I work here.” Zayn says shyly when he notices the way Harry observes the window art with all things fall and spooky. So alright, he did choose this place in hopes that Harry would really like, but also because it’s the only place he will eat a traditional breakfast. He won’t mention the fact that he’s got employee discounts.

“Should of done it to the door as well.” Harry teases, mouth dropping like he’s saying duh as he gestures to his makeshift ice pack.

Zayn offers a napkin because he notices the water dripping down Harry’s wrist, and decides to see where else the banter would lead to, “You walking into the door just means I did a good job cleaning those yesterday night.”

“Hmm, so you weren’t lying about working here.”

“Why would I lie?" 

“I dunno, maybe because you said you weren’t afraid, but you obviously were.” Zayn knows there’s nothing wrong with being afraid, but he likes keeping Harry on this edge. It seems to make Harry more curious and endeared over Zayn whenever Zayn doesn’t reveal too much about himself.

“Still on that, huh?”

Before either of them can continue their teasing, their waiter comes along taking their orders. Zayn takes note of how Harry orders a really sweet meal for something so early in the morning, chocolate chip pancakes with powdered sugar and tons of fruits on the side, he requested.

It’s probably the consumption of all these sweet things, because Harry only gets sweeter.

 

“Is that curly kid coming or no?” Louis says with an over-aggressive pat to Zayn’s back and Zayn restrains himself from rolling his eyes in disturbance when he sees that Louis’ is just in the nude with his costume draped over his shoulder. Zayn is nowhere ready -- only, he had intentions to impress Harry but kept procrastinating and now he doesn’t have an outfit.

It’s just him and Louis tidying up before the guests arrive and it’s barely sunset, but Louis can’t stop talking about he and Harry’s relationship. He’s already asking if they’ve got matching outfits, asking if he needs to reserve one of the bedrooms and and change the sheets, asking too many things that Zayn either declines or argues how he can’t predict the end of the night. 

 

An awful playlist blaring and people bumping into each other spilling overfilled drinks, it’s never been Zayn’s scene. He prefers to sit at the dining table with his own glass in his hand and his mobile device or a comic in the other. 

It isn’t until he hears Niall shouting for him, he decides to stand up and direct his attention to the party. Raising his head up, he sees Niall dragging along a tall slim figure, revealing skin with every inch. Harry stands poise and dainty with a halo on his head, reminding Zayn of the time he got to take Harry home. His skin seeming so smooth and soft underneath this shiny white attire, though some bits of