grip but he tightens his hold.

Dean’s out of his seat before he can even think.

 

-X-x-X-

 

Chad’s a Grade A douchebag and she’s gonna dump his ass.

She’d tried, played the role, smiled, giggled, and pretended. She doesn’t like it. She doesn’t understand why Dean doesn't say he likes her. She tries to act like those girls, the pretty ones that he really likes.

Jo's liked Dean since forever.

Her little crush has gotten worse since that time in her backyard.

She liked to sit on the steps of her back porch every day at sunset and just remember her Dad for a bit. It became a ritual. The days got busy but she made time just before the sun went down. Her mom knew and didn't disturb her.

She’d had a hard day at school. Some graffiti on her locker about being a freak or something; Jo didn't remember exactly because every week it’d been something different. But it’s grates on you, the constant bullying, and name-calling, and just generally screwing with her.

She could handle her own.

She might’ve been the freak with the knife collection but she had a knife collection, which is why most other kids didn’t want to know her.

That day was just hard. She didn’t understand why but before she knew it, she was crying. It wasn’t the wailing ridiculously kind of crying, it was the quiet kind that hurt her insides.

She couldn’t wipe it away quick enough before Dean was sitting down beside her rattling on about how Sammy was being a little bitch again. She turned her head away and didn’t respond, didn’t tell him that he should give his brother a break, that he should be glad he has a brother at least.

He'd noticed her silence. That's what got on her nerves about him - he was good at reading people. He'd asked if she was okay. She nodded. He didn't believe her.

"Look at me." He'd said, so fucking softly that she couldn't not listen to him.

He'd been twirling a flower in his fingers, probably pulled out from the ground, too. Jo didn't know what it was called but it was pretty.

"School?" He'd guessed. Her silence had been enough.

"Screw those assholes. They don't deserve you." He'd defended, so determinedly. But words were just words, she knew that. Like how his dad had promised he'd be back soon so Dean's been living out of his duffel since he got there.

"Your dad would be proud of you." He'd added quietly. Then he'd scoffed quietly, probably thinking about John, and looked down at the flower between his fingers.

"He'll be back." Jo had tried. Dean had just shook his head and looked at her.

She hadn't looked away. Sometimes, she wishes she had. Maybe, things would be different. Maybe, he wouldn't have brushed that stray strand of blonde hair away from her face. Maybe, he wouldn't have tucked the flower behind her ear so gently, like he was afraid of breaking her.

Maybe, she wouldn't have fucking fallen in love with him.

But she did.

And here they are now.

"Let me go." She says firmly but struggles in his hold.

"Relax." Chad reassures.

"She said let her go." And Jo's never been so glad to hear Dean's voice.

Dean takes her free hand and tugs but Chad doesn't let go.

"Hey man, mind your own business, me and the little lady here were talking."

"Shut your mouth and move." Dean growls. "I am not in the mood."

He pushes Jo towards Douche Two and Three and steps towards Dean.

"Hey, maybe you can't count but are three of us and one of you." He sneers.

Dean straightens fully; shoulders square, back straight, chin up. It's automatic, his dad's taught him well, and he feels about six inches taller. Chad's expression falters momentarily.

"So, why don't you get a couple more fellas?" Dean says, looking over at Douche Two and Three. "And we'll call it an even fight."

"Oh, the pretty boy thinks he's funny." Chad replies, recovering easily, and Douche Two and Three laugh on cue.

"C'mon, let it go." Chad tries to persuade Dean. He leans in conspiratorially and says in a not-so-quiet voice, "Tell you what-" he looks back to eye Jo up before he turns to Dean again. "-you let this go and you can get an extra ride on the pon-"

"You motherfucker!" Jo