another finger, twisting and turning them inside you as you clenched down on them.

Your chest heaved as you panted, slowly fucking yourself onto his hand. “F-Fuck! J-Jongin…” He darted his tongue to wet his lips. “Are you close, babe? You’re such a slut aren’t you, already coming just from my fingers.” he teased and quickly removed his fingers before you could release, sucking them clean.

“You taste so fucking good.” He quickly unbuckled his pants, his member already leaking precome through the fabric of his boxers. He stroked himself a few times before aligning it with your entrance and slowly pushing the tip in.

“Oh g-god…” you whimpered into his shoulder. Jongin rubbed soothing circles on your hips, slowly pushing in until he was in all the way. He was a lot bigger than you expected, not only the girth, but also the length.

He waited for you to adjust to his size, then slowly started to move once he heard a soft “Jongin” escape your lips. He rocked his hips at a steady rhythm as you breathily moaned his name over and over again. He fucking loved it.

He loved how you were so submissive, so wrecked, and all just for him. He’d jerked off to the thought you moaning and trembling beneath him many times but this was obviously way better.

He didn’t want to admit it but he kind of had a daddy kink. It wasn’t until a couple months ago when his best friend, Sehun, was showing him this “weird porno” he found while looking for jerk off material, that he might have actually liked being called “daddy.”

Sehun thought it was “definitely strange” but Jongin couldn’t help imagining what it would be like to hear you moaning and calling him that while he fucked you senseless, his dick twitched at the thought.

Of course he would never admit that to anyone.

“Baby, call me daddy, okay?” “W-what?” you panted, not being able to think straight. “Do it. Call me daddy.” he growled, snapping his hips, suddenly hitting your g-spot. He just had to hear you say it. His dick was aching for it.

“A-AH! D-Daddy!” you cried out, nails digging into his back. Once he heard you say it, something inside him snapped. It was better than he imagined. He grabbed you by your thighs, lifting you up onto his dick and bounced you up and down mercilessly.

You gasped at the sudden rough treatment, feeling breathless. “D-daddy! A-Aah...S-sl-ow d-down!” you choked out, wrapping your arms his neck and trying not to fall. He couldn’t help himself, how could he slow down when you were being so fucking cute and sexy at the same time?

All Jongin wanted to do was fuck you until you couldn’t walk the next day. His grip on your thighs was tight as he continued pounding into you, intoxicated by lust. You shameless moaned, trying to grind against him but you couldn’t keep up with his demanding speed.

“D-daddy, I-I’m- I-’m-” “Come for me, baby.” he growled into the crook of your neck. You cried out, your entire body tensed as you clenched down hard on his dick, causing him to come also. He moaned a mixture of curse words along with your name as rocked his hips, riding out both of your orgasms and you moaned as you felt the hot liquid fill you up.  

 The next day at work was spent daydreaming more than actual work. You couldn’t stop smiling to yourself like an idiot and every time you caught Jongin staring you, you both blushed like school girls and quickly looked away. It was really cute how he was so shy all of a sudden, he was so different from last night.

 

It felt so surreal, you’ve always thought he was really cute but you didn’t think he ever thought of you as more than a friend so you just pushed your tiny crush on him to the back of your head. He drove you home this morning and waited for you to change into clean clothes before you guys went to work together.

 

Before you stepped out of the car, he stopped you and told you that he really liked you, you just laughed, telling him as if you didn’t know that already after last night. He apologized for being so rough, saying how he didn’t like seeing you with Taeyong because he knew the younger liked you. You told Jongin that you would try to spend less time with Taeyong and he smiled cutely before pecking you on the lips.

 

 

 

 

“Noona!” You jumped a little, dropping the stack of documents you had in your hand. “You’re so clumsy,” he chuckled, helping you pick up the papers. “You just surprised me that’s all,” you said quietly while trying avoid eye contact