his building. I had seen it before; it was a nice apartment complex, nothing spectacular, but not bad. I parked my car and went up to the second floor. As I reached the top of the stairs I saw a sign, and it pointed to the right for rooms above 210. I reached room 212 and I hesitantly knocked on the door.I heard a voice yell “I think your boyfriend is here!” and then I heard a smack and a girls voice say “Be nice Niall!” Then I heard footsteps and the doorknob started moving, the door opened and there stood Zayn.He looked even better than I had remembered. He was wearing a blue t-shirt that was just tight enough to show off all of his muscles, and a pair of black skinny jeans. Man, those clothes showed off every inch of his body and I could barely take it.“Would you like to come in?” He asked as he stepped aside and gestured for me to walk in. As I stepped through the door, I was hit with the aroma of food. It smelled like chicken alfredo, which was one of my favorites and his definitely smelt delicious. Then I started taking in the apartment. As you walked through the door there was a little hallway that led to a living area, on the right wall there was a huge flat screen TV with a bookcase full of movies underneath it. Facing the TV was a couch and a lounge chair, behind the couch was a little kitchen area that had a little table and chairs, that was set with two plates and candles. Then on either side of the TV was a door, I assumed they were bedrooms. All of a sudden, the door closest to the hallway opened up, and out stepped a blonde haired boy who was followed by a very pretty brunette girl. He walked up to me and introduced himself.“Hi, my name is Niall and I’m Zayn’s roommate. This is my girlfriend Eleanor” He did have an accent, and it was Irish. He must have been the one who I had heard earlier over the phone.“Hi, nice to meet you Niall and Eleanor, I’m Liam” I replied while shaking Niall’s hand.“Nice to meet you Liam, we are going on a date tonight, so you and Zayn will not have to worry about us.” Eleanor replied.“Well it was nice to meet you to, I hope to see you soon.” I replied as they headed out the door.“Hey Zayn!” Niall yelled, “Just make sure that if you to do it to stay out of my room!” Then Eleanor smacked his arm again. “I apologize for him, he doesn’t have manors sometimes.” Then they left and shut the door behind them.“I’m sorry about him calling you my boyfriend; he is really nice he just likes to tease.” He said.“It’s ok. I kind of liked it, being called your boyfriend.” Oops, I hoped that was not too much.“I like that, if you do…” Was he already asking if we could be boyfriends? What about Louis. NO! No Louis, we would be friends, but Zayn is the one I want for now. I do not know what it is, but something about just being around him feels right.“I really like it.” I said. Then I saw the biggest smile come across his face, it was adorable. He smiled showing he perfect teeth, and his tongue almost stuck out a little as well. His tongue, I wanted to taste it in my mouth so bad. I really need to calm down.“So why don’t you take a seat and I will serve us dinner.” He said heading towards the kitchen. I went over to the table that was already set, and took a seat. He walked over with a pan and slowly scooped out some chicken alfredo. So I was right, that was what I was smelling, and it smelt even better when it was right there. He put some on his plate and then headed back to the kitchen.“Would you like something to drink? I have some wine in the cabinet.” Wine, he was really making every effort to impress here. The candles on the table, the amazing smelling food, and now wine. “Yeah, sure I would love some” He pulled a bottle of white zen down from the cabinet and filled up my glasses and his own, closed the bottle and then sat down across from me.“So, how was your week?” He asked while taking a drink.“Pretty normal, other than our encounter on Monday.” I lied, but I was not going to bring up Louis at all tonight. In fact, I am not going to think about him at all and just focus on Zayn and I, my new boyfriend.“Do you like the food” He asked. I had been so busy that I forgot to taste the food. I picked up my fork, twirled it in the Alfred, and took a bite. It was heavenly; it was