rival’s former aide and finally reached for the remote.

“Let the festivities begin.”

After the badly-drawn title card, underscored by a louder version of the porn beat theme, the opening scene depicted a man and a woman in incredibly cheaply made bargain bin Halloween Steel Samurai and Pink Princess costumes. Miles supposed that using higher quality guises would have been unconscionable, seeing that patches of cloth had been cut out of them with a carpet knife in order to put the actors’ intimate areas on blatant display for the camera.


“Hey baby, wanna make an Iron Infant together?”


Blackquill, who had been in the process of taking another sip of sake, almost spat it all over the couch table laughing. Miles would have been offended by the undignified display, had he not been completely occupied with chortling into his wine glass.


“Ohh yeah, you big, strong Samurai, give me your spear~”


Maya’s head came to a rest against Miles’ shoulder as she held her stomach, barely able to breathe already even though they were a mere two minutes into the movie.

They all shared a look, grinning widely and likely sharing the same thought: What utter imbecile wrote this?

Intercourse commenced without foreplay or even disrobing, the “Pink Princess” actress immediately squealing like a particularly high-pitched pig, or perhaps a balloon losing its air. The three enthusiasts lost themselves to a paroxysm of laughter when she somehow brought out, “Awww yesss, spear me! I want your steel, Samurai!”

“I cannot believe someone would s-spend time and funds on…” Blackquill could not even finish the sentence; tears of hilarity were streaming from his eyes.

“I know, right!?” Maya scooted closer to him, her arm sneaking around his lower back. An excellent ploy in the “awkward chicken” game – gestures of affection often managed to rattle participants out of the ludicrousness of it all, causing them to shy away. However, Miles’ subordinate did no such thing; instead, still grinning broadly, he copied her motion, and the Chief Prosecutor saw a large hand settling on the right side of her rounded rear, giving it a teasing squeeze in return.

The movie continued in the same vein, and the three spectators were beginning to numb to its continued ridiculous dialogue, bad filming technique, and hideous costumes with generous crotch and nipple windows. After about twenty more minutes of this mess, Maya had apparently decided to up the ante on the game, since she moved closer to Miles until her right side was pressed against him, pulling Blackquill along until they were all piled up in one corner of the couch. As his subordinate still had his hand on the medium’s round upper thigh, Miles had to suppress a rather odd tangle of impulses when he felt those long, pale fingers move, caressing, occasionally pinching gently…


Is this just him playing the game?


If so, he must be aware by now that Maya was not about to give up on their contest due to this. However… perhaps they had conspired to drive their host away from the sofa by way of this behavior?

Well, Miles would not give in. He might have harbored a momentary urge to leave, if only to better unobtrusively observe his guests, but now… the indirect touch of Blackquill’s knuckles as he heaped casual attention on the backside of the woman between them made it harder and harder not to gasp.

Watch this horrid nonsense, that should keep you from getting an erection. He had absolutely zero interest in professional heterosexual porn, even if it happened to be aesthetically pleasing, and this was neither “professional” nor “pleasing” by any stretch of the imagination.

He had just finished this thought when an inept scene change occurred, now showing the Evil Magistrate in a cell of Neo-Olde Tokyo Castle’s dungeon. The Steel Samurai had paid him a visit to interrogate him, and after a few minutes of “witty” dialogue involving a number of weapon metaphors for penises and various orifices, the Samurai’s adversary stepped up to the bars, reaching through them and beginning to stroke the other man’s already half-erect cock.


“Is that a Samurai Dog in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?”


Maya leaned into Blackquill, giggling loudly, her rear with his fingers on it being pushed harder against Miles’ thigh in the process. “He doesn’t even have any pockets there!”

Even though the Chief Prosecutor dutifully chuckled at her remark, he was embarrassed to find that he was becoming aroused by the proceedings on the screen, regardless of the terrible costumes. The bad banter had stopped for the moment since the Steel Samurai and the Evil Magistrate were now kissing languidly, their chemistry a lot better than that between the hero and Pink Princess.

Why had nobody warned him that this piece of trash contained a homosexual scene between two men? Those usually did not show up in porn ostensibly geared toward a straight male audience, which meant most pornography produced.

It’s fan service for the female viewers, most likely. Given the fandom writers’ penchant for writing a lot