him, you know, that way before, but still. Having a vague image in your mind of a naked troll and putting your hand on a moving dick are two very different things. Karkat was right all along though, you really are an idiot to not have anticipated this.

Speaking of Karkat, he's still staring at you expectantly, blinking a little to try to wake up from his haze of arousal. “'s something wrong?” Oh no, now he's all worried, thinking he messed something up when he didn't at all, it's not his fault you're so slow sometimes. Gosh, now not only are you stupid, you feel like a total jerk.

“No, not at all! I just- That startled me a little, is all. Humans are a bit different, besides the whole erogenous knee thing.” You smile at your own joke, albeit shakily. “Um. Anyway though, the Nervous Game isn't just about... that area. Are there any other places on troll bodies you think would be good for it?” As much as you are totally, completely, one hundred percent okay with Karkat's weird tentadick thing, you aren't sure your ready to face alien crotch just yet.

“O-oh,” Karkat goes, face growing even redder. He lowers his head, ears drooping. You are absolutely  deplorable , now you've gone and made him go embarrassed and downcast, no, you don't want that.

“No, hey, buddy, it's okay! Really, you didn't do anything wrong, I just- I don't even know, but really, it's okay, aw, come on Karkat please don't be miserable, I'm really really sorry, you're fine, shh.” You kind of ruffle his hair, stroking through the locks reassuringly. Your sources (AKA Terezi) tell you that can help cheer him up, or as close to cheer as Karkat can come to. She's lied just to mess with you before though, so you guess it's a good a time as any to test this theory.

It helps some, Karkat leaning into your hand a little with a muted sigh. It's all fun and games until your hand brushes a horn. His breath hitches when you make contact with the warm bone, and he makes a  noise  . Which, okay, doesn't sound like much, but the thing about this noise is, the noise that Karkat makes, it is a very hot noise that Karkat makes. That is  definitely a stifled moan and you really need to buy pants in a larger size because these are way too tight right now.

“Um.” His voice is so small right now, everything is, right down to the way he curls in on himself. You've never seen him like this before, and you find yourself transfixed. “If you still want another area to fuck around with, those. Those would be good. Too.”

“...Okay.” Damn, anything to have him make that sound again. “You nervous?”

“Fuck no, why would I be?” It's a complete one eighty from his earlier why-would-he-be-nervous rant, apprehensive and tentatively content rather than aggressive and irritable. You nod, finding a bit hard to talk yourself, and curl your fingers around one. Rub it along a curve, scratch lightly by the base. Your experimentations are rewarded with Karkat being reduced to putty in your hands, letting out little groans and chirrups and clicks in this strange symphony. His head nudges up into your grasp and you catch a glimpse of his face, before hidden by his fringe. His eyes are closed, but his lids are fluttering some over them, like he's trying to open them but not quite. You notice for the first time how unusually thick his lashes are, sloppy and clumped together but hanging over adorable chubby cheeks dusted in cherry red. Whenever he pauses in his mantra of awesome sounds his teeth tug his lip, darkening the dark gray into a color closer to the other trolls' black.

You can't stop looking at him.

“Are you nervous yet?” you murmur, leaning in on an impulse to brush your lips against his temple. You can feel him stop breathing for a moment, can feel his head jerk sideways to convey his response. His eyes flick up to meet yours. Pleasure has made his pupils huge, big dark things lined in red that almost completely cover his yellow sclera. You can see so much in them, emotions and insecurities and warmth. You're captivated by them. Hell, you're captivated by everything Karkat.

“Fuck, John....” He trails off. You understand anyway.

“Okay.” You lean in. His lips are still raw from all the nibbling he did. It's- it's not the best kiss you've ever had, he clearly has no idea what he's doing and is still and unresponsive against