face, his chest tight. “Please, Maki-chan, please, I want—I—this is—!”

“Let go of me,” Makishima said, quietly. Toudou clung tighter, shaking his head rapidly. He couldn’t—he couldn’t risk being separated, couldn’t risk Makishima being drawn back into the depths of this hellscape. “Think, Toudou. You’re holding my wrist. Let go.”

The train flashed in Toudou’s vision, wavering, before Toudou was staring at Makishima again. Right—on the train, he’d grabbed Makishima’s wrist. “But won’t you still be here?”

“I belong here,” Makishima replied indifferently. “I will wake up, though.”

Makishima belonged here? As the train came back to the forefront of Toudou’s mind—he could see the posted signs, the gleaming white ceiling of the carriage—Toudou felt his fingers twitching. It was peculiar, being aware of—of what? Was there a separate consciousness that he could reach? Was this all happening in his head? But it couldn’t be, Makishima had acknowledged that it was real. Hadn’t he?

“I-I can’t, I can’t focus.”

“It can’t be helped, I suppose. I wasn’t quite ready, but…”

“Shin-kiba. Shin-kiba. Exit to the left. Thank you for riding with us today!”

The sound of the train announcement made Toudou jump. Bleary, he looked around until he found Makishima standing next to the open doors. “Isn’t this our stop?”

“Y-yeah…”

Toudou allowed himself to be pulled off the train, his bicep clenched in Makishima’s hand. He felt—disoriented? No, disoriented seemed too tame a word for the unnerving disconnect that settled in his mind. For a few short moments, Toudou was sure he had felt two selves, and it was utterly unnerving in a way that even Makishima’s apparent prison wasn’t. Debating it didn’t seem to bring any answers closer to the forefront, but Toudou didn’t want to ask Makishima. The other teen was already quite terse on the subject, and anyway, they were supposed to have a nice day. Why ruin it with some useless moping?

The ride from Shin-kiba station was much quicker; less time to fall asleep and have weird things happen to them both. If Toudou was acting weird, Makishima didn’t comment on it, but that just annoyed him even further. He could still feel those awful hands; he could still feel that awful despair and Makishima wanted to act like it was all normal?

Ah, shit. Toudou frowned—he was moping.

“Have you been to Daiba before, Maki-chan?” Toudou asked as they left the second train. He’d tried—he’d really tried to speak up before then—but somehow, he just couldn’t find anything to say.

“No.”

“What do you want to do?”

“How should I know? Wasn’t this your idea?”

“I…”

Maybe if Toudou had been in a better mood, he could have brushed off Makishima’s brusque nature. Maybe if he had confronted all this tiredness before this moment, it wouldn’t have burst out of him. But he wasn’t—he hadn’t, and so Toudou glared straight at Makishima, the absolute jerk, with his lip trembling. Words didn’t come yet, but he could feel them just below the surface, waiting to burst through. “...are you crying?”

“No!” Toudou snapped, causing quite a few passerby to stop and stare. “You—you—you could try appreciating this, you know! It’s not like I have a good allowance or—or like I couldn’t be off with some cute girl instead, I’m trying*to be nice to you, and you don’t care!”

“Wh—” Makishima looked utterly baffled, and Toudou tried to gauge whether or not he was about to flee back to the train. “What are you talking about? I appreciate it!”

“You—stupid beetle—you—” Toudou hiccuped through his tears (when had they started falling?), with precisely zero concerns that people were, in fact, staring as they passed. “Don’t you know how terrible that place is? And I just, I wanted to take you somewhere you wanted to go instead of feeling like I was pushing all of this on you and you didn’t want to be here and…”

Makishima exhaled a deep sigh. He didn’t say anything. Toudou was kind of glad, if only because he had more to say.

“You don’t tell me anything, and I’ve got my brat kouhai talking about the prime witch and you being—I don’t know, he said Chiba witches are weird, and I don’t know what that means, I don’t know what this