a few of the sheets, one after another, but they might have been blank for all Glorfindel knew. “This was a waste of an evening.”

“There is still tomorrow,” suggested Glorfindel. “Draw the curtains and then come and cuddle with me; we can sleep through the day and tonight you can write until your heart is content.” He smoothed his hand against the fabric for emphasis.

There was a hopeful look given to the bed, and a sigh to follow. “I have no inclination to sleep right now,” apologized Erestor. “This is just going to keep nagging me.”

“Did I say sleep? I meant not-sleep.” Glorfindel rolled onto his stomach and stretched, but this time, he arched his back and stuck his rear upwards, causing the down-filled quilt to slide off and leave only a thin sheet to cover him. “We can not-sleep all... day... long...” he purred.

“Mmm… love the way you tease me, heart, but you have no idea how much this is going to frustrate me until I finish it.”

Glorfindel flopped back down onto the bed. “Yes, I do.” He fiddled with the tassel on one of the pillows and stared at the ceiling until he heard the scratching of quill against parchment again. “Is there any way I could help you? Inspire you? Be your muse?”

“Well, if you were a brunet, possibly.”

“Did not know that was a requirement,” said Glorfindel, sounding deeply offended.

“No, the character... the character has dark hair.” Erestor frowned and then looked over his shoulder. “He is a lot like you already. If I gave him blond hair... well, then he would be you, except for the name...”

“Ooo! You put me into a story?!” Glorfindel’s eyes sparkled as he sat up in bed. “You wrote me into a story! What do I do? What do I say?”

“Not much, so far – and it is a character that is sort of based upon you, not you exactly.” Erestor crumpled up another sheet of parchment. “Unfortunately, he is a very bad muse.”

“Well, maybe he detests the fact you gave him brown hair. I bet if you gave him a thick, wavy, golden mane, he would be such a darling and adorable muse, you would get nothing but words and words galore from him. Cheesecake bribery helps, too.”

“If I make him blond, I have to go back and rewrite all of those passages,” pointed out Erestor. “Do you know how long that will take?”

“Less time than it will take for you to write a simple masturbation scene,” remarked Glorfindel. He was hit squarely on the nose with the wadded up page a moment later. “What if we draw the curtains and make it darker in here? Then you would not be able to see the color of my hair and you could pretend I am whatever your character’s name is.”

“And then what?”

Glorfindel untangled the sheet from his legs and walked to the windows himself, pulling the curtains across to block out the light of the sun. Although the windows faced the west, it still tended to get fairly bright within an hour of sunrise. “Then you let me be your muse.” He reclined on the bed again, drawing up the sheet and blankets. He fluffed the pillows again and nestled his head onto them. “Like an artist who draws his model... you watch me and write what you see.”

The few candles that continued to burn gave Erestor the light he needed to continue writing. He brought the bench beside the bed and rearranged the candles behind him before he set a thin board across his lap that he often used when writing in bed. “Your character just returned from a celebration, where he was introduced to his future lover. Now he is, umm... taking care of things,” trailed off Erestor as he arranged his ink and parchment.

“Wait... is this character supposed to be thinking about making love to a lady or to a lord? Because if you based it on me—“

“Yes, yes, he is based on you,” assured Erestor hurriedly.

“You!” Glorfindel sat up again and pointed an accusing finger at Erestor with a wicked grin. “You are writing... oh, you better let me read this when you finish,” he said as he settled down again.

“You will probably be the only one who gets to read it.” Erestor looked to the bed expectantly. “Are you planning on keeping all of the covers over you? That might not help me very much.”

“Sorry.” Glorfindel swept aside the thick down blanket. “Better?” He stretched his body out to relax it and settled his left arm over his head as his right hand slid down.

Erestor leaned forward so that he was able to tear another layer off, now leaving only the sheet to cover Glorfindel. “Now I can see what is going on while you remain somewhat modest.”

The sheet clung to Glorfindel’s