gills. He's a moaning mess beneath you, more than he was before, and you take note at just how sensitive he actually is. 

You unhook his cape, suddenly realizing that he's still somewhat dressed and that just won't do in this situation, and push his sweater off reveling in the new expanse of skin. You bend down again bent on leaving your mark on him. You nip and bite at the skin beneath you, leaving purple bruises along his chest and collarbone. You move back over to his neck giving his gills a few licks before moving just below them and biting. You draw blood and  lap it up like its honey. He's bucking against you as you do and you figure he's probably still fucking himself too. You pull back, intent on emptying his nook and maybe eating him out a little, but you notice that he isn't fucking himself anymore; in fact his bulge is rubbing against your crouch enticing your own bulges to come out. You watch as he somehow unbuttons your jeans and pushes your zipper down. Your bulges come out and you let one curl around him while your other moves against his nook, close but never venturing in. 

"Oh Sol! Please," he yells, bucking up against you as he does. His hands grip your shirt and he tugs on it. You get the hint so you shed it and sigh as his fingers immediately find your grubleg scars. He's gentle but he rubs against them so nicely, so perfectly, that you feel willing to give him everything he wants. "Sol," he whines. "Please."

You smirk. "Pleathe what?"

He whines more, rutting against you. You hold his hips down so he can't move. His hands try to go for your bulges but you watch, a little perplexed, as your psionics stop him and hold his hands above his head. Apparently whatever will you had left to control your psionics wanted him submitting beneath you as much as you did. Which was fine. You wanted to be in control. The geometry of his body was beautiful and you wonder how you never noticed before. The arch in his back when your psionics spark against his bulge is breathtaking. And you couldn't help but admire perfection of his skin.

Yeah, you're smitten with him. 

Coming back to reality you watch as he bites his lip, trying desperately not to beg; because no matter how aroused he is Eridan Ampora does not beg. You smirk because you know its all been begging up till now.

"You've got to tell me what you want," you say, accenting your words with a roll of your hips. "Or I can't give it to you."

He makes this pitiful noise of desperation and it makes you chuckle. You're breaking him, making him fall to pieces under you ministrations and you're hardly doing anything to do it. 

"Do you want my bulgeth? Do you want me to put them in? To fuck you until your a puddle of Ampora juice of the floor?"

He nods, too wrecked to really speak. Your dirty talk is getting to him.

"Got to ask for it Eridan."

He whines again. "I wwant your bulges-" You roll your hips. "Oh cod I want them so bad! Please Sol, please." He's struggling against your psionics and your hands, trying to get the friction your not giving him.

You smirk, "Well only 'cauthe you athed so nicely." You detach yourself from his bulge and let both of yours push into his nook. He's so wet that there's practically no resistance so you push into him hard and fast. His head flies back, his mouth is wide open with a silent scream and his back arches high off the ground. You moan throatily and rut your hips a little. It's so tight and he's so smooth and warm, even for a sea dweller. It's like being surrounded by silk. Really warm and pulsing silk, but never the less it's really good. 

"Movve," he whimpers. You piston in and out of him, your bulges curling and uncurling around themselves as you go. He's moaning and struggling against your psionics. You let his hands go and move your attention to the excited bulge rubbing against your stomach. Red and blue electricity dance across the sensitive organ and it makes Eridan scream. You bend down, moving his legs so they're tight around you waist, and dip your tongue in his already open mouth. He takes to you quickly, kissing you desperately, tongue heatedly grinding against yours.

You speed up your thrusts now because you can feel how close you are, how close he is, and his heat is getting to you. You stroke his bulge with you psionics, pushing into its sensitive flesh, then you electrocute it like you had done before. 

Eridan comes undone. He spasms around you and he gets unbelievably tighter as he comes. He screams, dislodging his mouth from yours. Psionics doesn'