's collarbone when he comes slow and thick in Niall's hands, warm as Niall continues to pump him until he's finished dripping on his stomach and hands.

Niall’s hoping it didn’t mean what it meant to him. He lets out a breath once he feels Zayn's weight lift off of him. He prompts himself while he works himself out; waiting for Zayn to settle on his knees.

Niall doesn't complain about Zayn taking his sweet time. However, he's going to get dry if Zayn doesn't get moving and Niall's not up for lubing Zayn again. So he lets Zayn catch his breath while he presses against his hip, holds his waist and leans his body against Zayn's back, letting their body match like puzzle pieces for a moment.

"Any restaurant you have in mind though?" Niall's airy whisper wisps over Zayn's ear as he grinds his cock at the cleft of Zayn's ass.

"Fuck—no." Zayn huffs deep and hoarse. Then Niall's pulling off of his back, only to be comforted by his palm trailing down from his nape, snaking down his spine until the small of his back. "Well, there's that cheesecake place."

"Shit," Niall grunts when he pushes the tip of his cock in, pushing past the tight ring of muscles so his head can slip in. He holds Zayn's thigh, pulling so he can spread his knees shoulder width. His grip is tight around the sheets, wrinkled in his fist as Niall grips his ankle for support.

"Shit." Niall grunts again, pushing his hip closer. Halfway in, he's doing small movements. He's at a loss for words right now as Zayn reaches behind himself to let two of his fingers help Niall push his cock inside of him. "Fuck, you good?" Finally, Niall’s back pressed right against his hip, holding Zayn's ankle and shoulder.

"Yeah, move. Just come already though." Zayn moans tightly right after, letting his head fall down while Niall starts to build pace to his thrusting.

"O-ohhh, fuck that place has that snickers cheesecake right?" Niall finally finds his words again. But looking down at his cock pressing right inside of Zayn, feeling his skin press against the soft flesh of Zayn's non-existent ass isn't helping him think straight. In fact, his face is twisted in pleasure—feeling the shiver dance down his back, hearing the soft clap between their hips.

"Y-yes, that place." Zayn exhales. Suddenly his head falls back, and decides to move the hair strand hanging over his face. "Should we be talking about this while you fuck me?"

"I-I don't kno—shit!" Niall's throat cracks and trembles when he feels his dick twitch all of the sudden. Zayn's moaning already even before Niall. "Fuck, right there."

Yes, fuck right there alright, Zayn's crying in his mind. Niall sends him a sudden bolt of pain up his spine when he feels him rushing thickly and hot. It makes him shiver, and it makes Niall whine with his lip between his teeth. It even makes their knees shake, and heart race. Even every nerve to Niall's bones, he feels them tingle until he can't hold himself up anymore—collapses on Zayn instead whose heaving and gripping the bedsheets all over again.

Like Niall had said earlier—he would. It was a simple joke between him and Zayn that somehow, as he thinks about it, he wouldn't mind. He was just feeling for everything and anything—wanted to feel everything right now, and let Zayn enjoy the moment for once. No thoughts, no planning—as his mouth kissed down Zayn's spine, leaving a wet tinge on his fine skin every few inches—no kind of lying, just sweet talk and appreciation—his tongue caught the thick cum dripping from Zayn's entrance before his lips pressed over. That's it.

Right there. His tongue is lapping over Zayn—the warmth of his mouth focused on stirring him crazy. And it's working. Zayn's moaning down on their bed sheet while Niall's eager to lick Zayn clean inside out. His mouth surrounds him, sucking tight while his tongue flicks over. He's determined in some kind of way—that's what Zayn loves about him. If he's going to do something, Niall won't disappoint. He'll be that annoying overachiever that goes over the top but Zayn will love it regardless because he's doing it for him.

"That feels so good, Niall." Zayn moans and whines at the same time Niall's sliding the tip of his tongue at his rim while his finger thrusts in him.

There's one last, fat and wet lick from Niall over Zayn's entrance before he can drag his tongue up his spine, pressing it flat down