Hoping to get laid tonight?”

“It depends. Is it working?”

“Definitely.” He fixes Jared’s tie and kisses his cheek. He jokingly says, “You’re lucky I put out on the first date.”

Jared laughs loudly, “You spread your legs for every guy who holds the door open for you?”

“Just you.”

Jared grins and asks for a table for two, squeezing Jensen’s hand.



X

“Okay, yeah, it fucking worked. Shit.”

Jared keeps rutting against Jensen, holding him up against the wall. Jensen’s legs are wrapped tightly around his waist, his heels digging into his back.

“You look so good in this stupid, motherfucking tie.” He throws the tie to the floor, “Fuck you for looking so amazing.”

“I love your stupid glasses.” Jared kisses his jaw, “Fuck you for making me want to spend all of my money.”

Jensen chuckles and starts unbuttoning Jared’s shirt, noticing the sweat forming on his neck. He mouths at his collarbone, all of his breath rushing out of his lungs when Jared throws him onto the bed.

Jared removes his shirt and crawls over Jensen, “I love you.”

“I love you, too.”

Jared feels like it takes forever for both of them to get rid of their clothes, when in reality it’s only about two minutes. They pull the covers over themselves, trying to block out the cold air.

Jared licks at Jensen’s nipple, feeling long fingers find their way to his hair. Jensen makes a low noise, his cock rubbing up against Jared’s belly. Jensen reaches over and pulls the lube out from under the mattress, tossing it at Jared.

Jared pops open the cap and coats his fingers, gently slipping one into Jensen. Jensen’s curse gets drawn out into a moan when Jared presses their lips together and adds another finger.

And this, this is just one of the things Jensen loves about Jared. How he can always turn Jensen into a puddle of goo by simply kissing him, his soft lips taking control. Jensen feels Jared smile against his mouth and he flicks his tongue out, sliding it over Jared’s lower lip.

Jared’s nose keeps knocking into his glasses and Jensen just grins like a fool, loving the giant klutz that is his boyfriend.

And then Jared’s pushing into him and Jensen goes from I love you, you huge dork to holy shit fuck me harder.

He arches his back and Jared starts a rhythm, somehow keeping the covers over both of them. And Jensen feels warm. Warm and turned on and perfect. Like he’s on top of the world. He fists his hands in Jared’s hair, “Jared.”

Jared just grabs Jensen’s cock, rubbing the slit the way Jensen likes it. He hits Jensen’s prostate, earning a loud groan. Jared laughs, “Jesus Christ. You’re gonna wake everyone up.”

“Yeah well fuck you and your god damn dick.”

Jared muffles his giggles against Jensen’s neck, feeling Jensen’s body tense up the way it does when he’s close. He keeps pumping Jensen’s cock and before he knows it, there’s come splattering onto his belly. He keeps stroking Jensen through his orgasm until he’s whimpering and over-sensitive.

Jared keeps up his pace and Jensen runs his hands over his arms, “Yeah c’mon.” Jared comes at the sound of Jensen’s gruff voice, hanging his head and panting against Jensen’s chest.

He moves and Jensen cuddles up to him, removing his glasses and putting them on the nightstand before throwing a leg over his waist.



X

Jensen has this really bad habit of texting in class. He’s been doing it since he was in middle school, and now, with Jared, his phone bill has definitely gone up. It’s only a little ridiculous that he can’t not text in class. He’s an adult, for Christ’s sake.

“Mr. Ackles, if you don’t put that phone away I will confiscate it.”

“Sorry.” He shoves his phone into his pocket and picks up his pencil, fixing his glasses and looking down at his blank piece of paper. Fuck, he should have taken notes.



X

Jared’s lying on his bed when Jensen gets back to the dorm. He glares at Jared and throws his backpack to the floor.

“What?”

Jensen grabs Jared by the collar of his ugly, paisley button down shirt and crushes their lips together. He groans, “You stupid cocksucker.”

“Hm? What did I do this time?”

“You are a fucking distraction and I can never get anything done.”

Jared just pulls Jensen down, “Well, you could turn off your phone.” If looks could kill, Jared would be dead twenty times over. “Or I could just eat you out right now and make you forget why you’re mad.”

Needless to say, Jensen ends up forgetting.



X

Jensen doesn’