of them move again after, Touko looked back and saw the two of them staring at her with unwavering gazes. The back of Touko’s neck itched.

“F-Fine!” She marched over to the bed, plopping herself down temporarily as she put her high heels on. When they were on her feet, she walked stiffly around the room, wobbling only twice during her circuit.

“I think it’s a good thing you went for yellow rather than the black,” Aoi commented, referring to Touko’s dress. Touko had yearned to have a situation like an anniversary dinner to give real reason to wear it outside of the house. Its ribbon belt barely cinched her waist and she suspected it was only there for aesthetic reasons, but it fulfilled its role. She felt pretty.

Her vague catwalk concluded at the dressing table and Touko pivoted on her heel, holding her breath.

“You’re gorgeous,” was all that Aoi said. Kyouko nodded.

Touko aimed a smile at the carpet and let out a small sigh.

“What do you think of your soba?” asked Byakuya as he lifted his chopsticks to his mouth. He slurped his noodles. Droplets fell and splattered back into his bowl, into the brown soup within.

Byakuya and Touko sat at a table against a wall, one group of several dining in the restaurant this evening. Neither had dined here before but Kyouko recommended the place to them, and Byakuya was keen to find out just how good it was. Orbs of light dangled from the ceiling and along with paper screens and the wooden interior of the establishment, bathed everything in earthly hues. In this lighting, Touko’s dress still appeared yellow though as a duller mustard colour. Her heels clacked against the floor as she bobbed her legs.

Not much talk could be heard from the rest of the restaurant, business men murmuring at the bar at the front and families sprinkled here and there, all tired and more interested in eating than conversing. Everyone beyond Touko’s table may as well have been part of the decor. The business men may as well have been statues hunched over on stools at the bar, stone grey and wearing fatigued masks that sagged at the cheeks and their voices may as well have been the rumble of air conditioning.

Touko dipped a few strands of pale soba noodles into her dark tsuyu and brought her chopsticks to her lips. Her eyes closed as she tasted, savoured, that first bite. The noodles were plain and a bit chewy but that allowed the tsuyu’s flavour to be more obvious, with a hot sweetness that didn’t burn her tongue and cooled before her next mouthful.

“It’s delicious,” she said truthfully. “How is yours, darling? Do you like it?”

“This broth is subtler than what I am used to.” He stirred his chopsticks in search of any pieces of chicken. Condensation fogged the lens of his glasses so he raised a hand to rub circles on them, something both he and Touko had to do once every few minutes.

She stared at him with her chin resting in her hand. The lighting bronzed his skin and turned his monochrome suit sepia. Byakuya met her gaze as he swallowed.

“But yes, I’m enjoying it,” he said, and he gathered more noodles.

A smile spread across Touko’s face that he reciprocated faintly. Maintaining eye contact, she crawled her fingers over to where he had set his hand down after he cleaned his glasses. Their hands brushed together.

“What about dessert?” she asked, lifting her foot out of her shoe for a moment and stretching her leg toward him. She grazed her toe against his trouser leg.

Byakuya seemed not to notice and leaned back, turning his head so he could read the menu on the wall behind him. Unfortunately, this meant his hand receded to grip the edge of the table, out of her reach, so Touko let her arm slump. Her leg kicked back too, going into its shoe again.

“Matcha Brulee sounds appetising,” he said. “I’ll have that next. And you?”

“Cheesecake,” she blurted.

He resumed his dinner, not put off by the abruptness of her answer. In fact, from his smirk, it seemed that he liked the quick response. “I’ll order them shortly.”

His hand released the edge of the table and slipped underneath so she withdrew her arm, laying it on her lap as she finished her soba noodles. Touko had never been much of an eater but she was determined to consume what she had been given.

When she was almost done, the woman that brought them their meals earlier stopped at their table to give Touko a small teapot with hot, milky water in it.

“Here’s your sobayu,” the woman said with a toothy grin.

Byakuya waved his hand and didn’t bother looking at the woman as he spoke. “We will also be wanting dessert. Matcha brulee and cheesecake.”

“Of course,” said the woman.

Touko watched the woman leave and frowned as she poured water from the teapot into the remainder of her