was in clear view, tempting, beckoning him to come closer. He couldn’t live with the guilt of being responsible for his friend’s death. He couldn’t face Kyoutani. He couldn't face anyone. And so he soon found himself being unable to resist its offer.

He got on his feet, attempted to walk but felt a sharp pain erupting from his left leg, causing him to yelp and fall face first into the mud.

Iwaizumi didn’t make any effort to get up and stayed like that for a while, a mixture of rain and tears drizzling down his face. His fingers tightened and dug into the concrete; he felt humiliated, like the whole universe was playing him. As if God created him to be a mere tragedy.

Biting back the pain, he picked himself up again and limped towards the clearing. As he got closer, he could hear the sound of waves crashing into the cliff from below. The salty air filled his nose and the rain had stopped, allowing the sun’s brilliant rays to bounce off the crystal waters. It was as if the whole world was celebrating his impending death. He could only react to this with a bitter smile.

He was now close enough to the edge to see the waves crashing against the rocks and he wondered how long it’d take to reach the bottom.

The sea breeze flowed through his hair, as if beckoning him to join it. He closed his eyes and tried to enjoy how it felt like to breathe, to feel the crisp oxygen filling up his lungs, because very soon, he wouldn’t have the chance anymore.

His mind was empty, as if his purpose and soul had died along with Yahaba. All he knew was that he wanted to run away, away from everything here.

When he was sure that he was ready, Iwaizumi had his arms stretched out beside him, ready to lean forward and plunge himself into the dark, choppy waters that would soon be his grave.

“One…”

“Two…”

He closed his eyes and took his final breath.

“Three-”

Nothing.

His legs couldn’t move; he was still in the same position.

He peeked below and took in a deep breath, wanting to shake off his inner cowardly side but it was far easier said than done.

“You can’t do it.”

His head shot up and he glanced around to find the source of the voice. A tall and slender boy dressed in all white had his arms folded, smiling at him in bemusement. Something about him just didn’t seem human.

“Who are you?”

“I’m Oikawa and I’m here to collect your friend."

His eyebrows were scrunched up in confusion.

“Where’s the ambulance?”

“Don’t be silly, I don’t need those useless machines to escort Mr Shigeru. Besides,” Oikawa let out a taunting laugh, “I’m only here to bring his soul to the above, not his body.”

“Stop your sick joke and leave me alone.”

“Trust me I want to but I don’t want to risk bringing along another. One is tiring enough.”

“Leave,” Iwaizumi growled, shooting him a murderous glare.

“Fine.”

And in a blink of an eye, Oikawa was gone.

The reven haired boy stared blankly at where he had been a few seconds ago. Was he imagining things?

He didn’t get the chance to dwell on it however as he heard the wails of an ambulance in the distance and before he knew it he was being wrapped in a towel and told to rest on the hood of a police car while they tended to his wounds.

He almost broke the mug of warm coffee when they had draped a white cloth over Yahaba's body and he gave a small fleeting look at the number he had dialed a long time ago but didn’t have the courage to call.

Taking in a shallow breath, he finally pressed the button, thinking that Kyoutani had the right to know.

It felt like forever as he waited for the other boy to pick up, but when he finally did –Iwaizumi instantly wished he never called.

“What’s up?” He heard his usual relaxed voice, blissfully oblivious.

“Hey.”

“How’s Yahaba doing? He said you two were heading downtown today."

His heart did somersaults at the mention of his name and the words burnt at the tip of his tongue.

“Yahaba he…he…” Iwaizumi’s hand trembled violently as he felt the tears making a reappearance.

“What?”

He didn't answer.

"Did something happen?" Kyoutani's voice grew uneasy, "Iwaizumi, is Yahaba alright?"

"I...I'm sorry."

"What do you mean you're sorry? Just hurry and tell me already."

"Kyou-Kyoutani."

"Where are you? I'm coming to find you."

"Yahaba he-"

"Did that fool hurt himself again? Is it serious?"

"No...he-"

"He's not crying right?"

"Kyou-"

"