her - had made her question everything about herself. She happily surrendered to whatever life with Spock offered.

Nyota's heart was not prone to wander, and she fought her growing arousal as she watched Spock and Jim in their combat. Both of their chests were lightly furred with hair. Her eyes followed the tempting trails down to the waistbands of their black Starfleet issue gym trousers. Although she didn't think a hairy chest was required to make a man attractive, being with Spock had taught her to enjoy following the trail to its destination.

Jim's movements were solid, forceful. Spock dodged his kicks and blows with apparent ease. When his punches connected with Jim's body, they carried enough solid force to make the Captain stagger. Jim laughed, enjoying the feeling of competition, and intensified his attack. An alert Spock matched every strike with a block or feint, muscles flexing.

A flush of heat spread over Nyota's skin. She rubbed the back of her hand across her forehead and neck as though to cool herself down. She ought to leave the room before her facial expression revealed her yearning.

Miranda ran around the indoor track some distance away, listening to something through earphones. A few of the medical students stretched on the mats. Navigator Maddy leaned on the handlebars of a stationary bike some distance away, a dreamy expression on her face as she watched the combatants. Jealousy pained Nyota momentarily before she noticed how the woman's two-colored gaze flicked up and down Jim Kirk's body.

Oh, not again. This happens on every single away mission. Nyota hoped that Jim wouldn't break Maddy's heart. She'd barely spoken with the voluptuous pilot, but she'd seemed good-natured enough. She surely deserved more than forty-eight hours of sweet talk and vague promises to meet up during some future shore leave.

Gaila had once said while in a wounded mood, "Jim Kirk's so good in bed that he could start charging for it if he ever gets his thoughtless ass kicked out of Starfleet." Nyota, aware of Gaila's personal history as a vulnerable Orion female involuntarily involved in sex work, found the remark distressing. She had nervously turned the conversation towards a discussion of the many people who admired Gaila's intelligence and kindness, trying to make her friend feel better.

Spock's face was deceptively expressionless; he went easy on Jim Kirk, using the session to practice defensive and evasive moves instead of seizing every opportunity to strike. As soon as Nyota understood what Spock was doing, he changed his strategy, sending out a fusillade of quick, short blows and forcing Jim to call upon his knowledge of blocks and defensive moves. Finally Spock hooked a foot behind Jim's heel, pulling him off his feet and flat on his back. Jim rolled to his side and rose to his feet, keeping his head low, then tackled Spock and bringing him down to the mat. Nyota held her breath as both men leapt to their feet in an almost dancelike movement. Jim struck, Spock blocked with his forearm, moved aside, hurled a punch at Jim's midsection. It barely connected as Jim turned aside at the last possible second.

"Captain, you have improved."

"I have to beat you at something, don't I? I call time for a break," Jim panted.

As the men paused to catch their breath, the medical students applauded and made a few joking, friendly remarks. Jim laughed and joked back before turning to wink broadly at Maddy.

Nyota saw the woman approach Kirk, a sultry half-smile on her face. I need to stay out of this. She's an adult. I suppose she knows what she's doing. Maybe someday we'll have a mission on a planet where Jim doesn't unleash his charms on the locals and nobody wants to sleep with him, but I wouldn't bet money on it.

Spock humored the students, seeming to converse with them easily and answering a few questions about Starfleet martial arts training. Nyota turned to leave. Ogling her bondmate as though they were newlyweds was illogical. She really needed to get back to the translation project waiting for her on her padd. Jones and Miranda were monitoring communications with Scotty and she wanted to know if the engineer had any news. Everyone was engaged in productive activity except herself.

"Lieutenant Uhura?" Spock was pronouncing her name that way again.

Perhaps no one else noticed the difference, but her ears – and other parts of her body – recognized the sensual, languorous tone of voice and the slight roll he gave to the r in her name. It was the same pronunciation that Spock used during seemingly innocent calls to her when they worked separate schedules and things got slow enough on the bridge of the Enterprise for him allow his mind to wander. Aware of the crew around him, he quietly asked her meaningless questions loaded with double entendres.

 Lieutenant Uhura, perhaps you can answer my question regarding sentence structure in the Ersatzian language. Might it be possible to repeatedly insert an imperative phrase within a soft form