while. 

Daichi on the other hand was a bundle of nerves, never had he been this close to a human. He was warned not to be seen nor go near them as a safeguard to the mermaid community. This would get him in trouble, and still he remained. Maybe it was his gut telling him there was nothing to be afraid of with this human. She didn’t have any sort of weapon with her besides her sharp curiosity. 

He found himself staring at her legs, so unlike his own lower body of course. Separated, was one way of putting it. He’d only seen from afar a human’s legs, so this was an experience all to its own. Your hand on him certainly didn’t feel bad either, he could fall asleep with that caressing his tail. Wait, what was he thinking? He shouldn’t see this human after this surprise run-in, or come back to this cove either. 

“Thank you,” you said at last and took your hand off of him. “Your tail is amazing, I always knew merpeople existed and you’ve proven me correctly!”

“We try to keep ourselves hidden as you know. I trust that you’ll keep this a secret between us after we part our ways.”

“I won’t tell a soul,” you responded, a sudden though hitting you smack in the head. “Can we meet again, please? I don’t even know your name but I have so many questions to ask and I could keep you here all day if that were an option,” words spilling out like water. “I probably sound weird, don’t I?”

It took him a moment to process all of what you said before he found himself nodding his head. “A little, yes. I’ll agree to coming back one more time so you can ask your questions.” he started to say. “I have to admit, I’m interested in humans too, so you’ll have to be prepared.”

“And I’ll be ready to answer any of yours,” you said in response. 

~~~

After many more meetings you both began to realize you had a lot more in common than you had ever thought.  Before you knew it your interactions had started to become a bit on the flirty side and both you and Daichi began looking forward to spending your days together.

As expected, your questions would reach more intimate areas of each other’s lives. You asked him of family, his life, and his friends. He’d go into tangents about different members of his group. One being an orange haired merman who had the energy of five merman. Another one with jet black hair who’d constantly yell at him. They were certainly an odd ball duo as he described. It made you think of the beginning of your first meeting, he’d only promise to stick around for two meetings tops. Now you two were meeting nearly every other day, at least, when you could swim out there without people noticing. 

Today in particular, you asked Daichi if he could explain more about of the physiology of his body. It taken weeks to gain the courage to ask this, but it was burning in the back of your mind before you even meet him. 

“Daichi, I know this will be weird to ask,” you began, kicking your feet in the water slowly. 

“What is it?” he was on his back, floating in the water while looking up at the cave of the ceiling. 

“What does your reproductive organ look like?”

“My what?” he said, sitting up in the water to look at you better. 

“Your, you know… What merpeople use to make little merchildren?”

“You want to know about that?” he sprung up out of the water next to you. “Why?”

A slight blush began to come over your face, but you had to know. All this waiting wasn’t going to go to waste. “I’m curious, okay? You can say no if you want to.”

The thought of having to show her that began to awaken something inside of Daichi. He could already feel himself start to harden at the thought. “No I can do it, just, don’t make it weird since I know that’s a trait of yours,” he started to smile at you. 

“Hush you!”

~~~

“So that’s how it works,” the inner scientist in you was fascinated by his cock. It came out from a slit when erected, though it didn’t look far from a human’s own. Interesting to you, you’d have to take note of this when you swam back home.

Though it was obvious that Daichi was more than embarrassed. He was leaned back on his forearms on the beach, covering his face with one hand. “Y-Yeah, I think you get the idea now,” he stuttered out, how did he let it come to this? It was obvious he had a small affection for you, that soon became