okay.” Naki looks confused but is not deterred.

The other variables come in different shapes, literally.

He thinks he's adept enough to create a model of the inside of a human (or ghoul) capable of bearing children, in relief, with its organs and pathways and cavities and vessels, and the ovaries and the eggs and the sperm. He's had enough field work to be able to accurately represent the inside of a human (or ghoul). But then would Naki really get that. Or would it further complicate his own understanding of what it entails—not just the, uh, physiological part, but the part Miza was probably so upset about. Is he after the real answer or could Shuu get away with telling him the same thing Mirumo told him as a child (“fathers plant a seed and then a baby sprouts in mothers' tummy and after nine months it's born, small and crying”) despite the fact that he ran the risk of Naki, like Shuu had done at his tender young age, thinking mommies had to eat a flower pot for babies to be born.

Another one he doesn't want to really consider, lest it complicates Naki's understanding further, is, well, showing Naki himself. And then he'd take the role of the childbearer, and for that he'd need the, uh, balls of clay to function as breasts—he'd like small breasts, not too noticeable, just enough that he'd be able to disguise them and wear a dashing suit, but also fill out a tight dress really nicely, he'd like them like that—he shouldn't get distracted. This alternative poses another dilemma, of course, on the front of Naki not understanding, really, the mechanics of what's supposed to happen since Shuu can't make himself other stuff he'd need to realistically play the role of child bearer and Naki would either come out of the experience with wildly incorrect knowledge or he'd just go to Kaneki anyway and then Kaneki would give Shuu that funny look that says he doesn't understand what goes through Shuu's head and never wishes to do so but respects the fact that Shuu's learned enough not to share his being, uh, like that, with him. It's a nostalgic look sure but Shuu isn't precisely eager to repeat that weird limbo—enjoyable as it was—in which he had no idea what he felt towards Kaneki—kept repeating it was just hunger—and Kaneki didn't trust or even enjoy his company. Things have changed so much he doesn't want to be reminded.

The last option and probably the safest one is to make replicas of the most immediate and external organs needed for the conception of a child. It's embarrassing and awkward but he's committed to education. And committed to not having Naki bother Kaneki over this.

Naki 's crouching on the floor, scratching his head, when Shuu's done.

“Didn't think it'd take that long, Yamada.”
“Do you have somewhere else to be, Monsieur.”
“Don't think so, nah. Whassat?"

He eyes the clay shapes in Shuu's hands and though he knows he should be blushing or at least embarrassed Shuu chooses a clinical approach.

“It's a penis.”
“Whassat?”
“Monsieur, please. You know what it is!” he holds it up for Naki to see.
“Oh, that thing. Yeah, I know, come on, course I know.”
“And this?” he held out the other object.
Naki furrows his brow, he'd sat down on the floor, legs crossed. He crosses his arms now.
“Eh, a—nah, dunno.”
No surprise there.
“Some people have these between their legs” he holds up the clay, uh, penis. “Some people have these,” he holds up the vagina.
“Really? That looks kinda fucked up.”
“No, it doesn't,” Shuu isn't sure if that was a comment on his sculptural abilities but either way.
“S'weird.”
“So is this,” Shuu says, holding up the clay penis. “But that's not the point.”
“What's this gotta do with kids, then?”

Shuu feels like a teacher, standing while Naki sits, demonstrating this most basic of acts with clay models.

“You know something comes out of this, right? I don't mean piss.”
“Uh, yeah. I know that.”
“When a person who has this part, and a person who has this part, want to make a kid, they do this—” Shuu demonstrates by inserting one into the other, commending himself for the mastery of his sculptures, the smooth way they fit together. “And when the person with this finishes, they—”
“Finishes what?”
Shuu makes a face. “Make that thing, sperm, come out.”
“Oh.”
“Sperm has millions of little mini spermatozoids and they,