Kiyoko will leave as well. No matter how Hitoka tries to look at it, there is still a heavy feeling deep in her heart. She doesn’t want her to leave. Kiyoko has been her anchor. From now on, she would have to leave the anchor and sail the boat and face every storm by herself, and it's unfair.

Kiyoko is closed and quiet in general. But Hitoka realises that she is pretty open only when she’s around her. It makes her feel happy and fuzzy inside. Sometimes she would hug her pillow and bury her face into it, making muffled sounds. That’s how happy she is.  But will it be the same in the future?  06:32, two days prior.  It was only the two of them left in the club room. They were cleaning and tidying the room. It wasn’t the first time, but Hitoka felt like exploding. It always seemed that Kiyoko spreads a strange aura every time she’s around Hitoka; making her feel like she’s floating in empty space.  “Hitoka-chan, it’s dark. I’ll walk you home, alright?” Kiyoko said, smiling softly.  “Huh? Oh, um, you don’t have to, really...it’s not that late...,” Hitoka let her shoulders shrug a little when she heard Kiyoko’s voice.  “It’s okay.” Kiyoko, still smiling, putting her hand on Hitoka’s shoulder. “Let’s go.”  They talked to each other on the way, sometimes Kiyoko would crack a joke and Hitoka would laugh. Oh, how she wished of the day they could forever walk home together with their hands holding each others’. She shook her head slightly. She knew that it only happens in her wildest fantasy.  “You’re quiet today. Are you feeling okay?” once again Kiyoko burst her daydream, making her flinch a bit.  “Ah, yes,” Hitoka grinned awkwardly.  “If there’s anything I could do for you, please tell me.”  “I sure will, Kiyoko-san.”  “Well, we are here.”  What?  Hitoka was drowning to deep in her own thoughts that she didn’t realise they had arrived in her apartment. This has never happened before. Kiyoko has walked her home repeatedly, but never once Hitoka let her mind somewhere else. She was always conscious.  What has happened to me?  “Oh, that’s right. Thank you for walking me home!”  “Not at all. See you.”  See you?  Will I ever hear those words from her ever again, considering that she’ll be leaving very soon? Hitoka’s mind started to speak. She never actually said goodbye to me...all she ever said was ‘see you’...  “Kiyoko-san!” Hitoka exclaimed.  Kiyoko stopped herself from walking and looked back.  “I—I...” I can’t do this. I can’t.  “Something the matter, Hitoka-chan?”  “No...nothing...um...good night!” it was dark, but Hitoka’s face was very red that she was sure it would be visible. She didn’t want Kiyoko to see her that way, so she ran inside the apartment without a second word.  “Good night, Hitoka-chan.”  04:25, a day prior.  Hitoka felt like crying. She bit her lip numerous times to stop herself from tearing up. It was the last practice match for the third years. Kiyoko herself looked somehow blue, a sight Hitoka has never seen before.  I can’t bear this. I can’t let all the unsaid feelings pile up inside me. I failed yesterday, and I won’t fail today. I’ll tell her, I promise, I promise. I won’t let myself lose to my nervousness.  Don’t cry, don’t cry, damn it, don’t cry. If you want to cry, this isn’t the right time.  That day she left early, with an excuse of not feeling very well. When in truth, she arrived at home and cried as much as she could, not even saying anything to Kiyoko. She knew that she made a mistake, and she swore to herself that she won’t make the same mistake the next day.  03:12, the day.  Everyone’s crying. Not to mention Hitoka. It is safe to say that it’s one the saddest, most emotional days she’s ever had. Sadness wells up inside her. But the worst thing isn’t the sadness; it is the regret.  She regrets not joining the club earlier.  She regrets not cherishing all the moments they’ve spent more.  She regrets not giving her all sometimes.  She regrets not exposing her true and sincere feelings to Kiyoko.  But then again, she is glad that she doesn’t refuse being a manager.  She is glad that she had the chance to do this all.  She is glad that she still has time.