Akaashi grabs Bokuto's chin and turns his head back to the DS.

"For real, what's with the skirt?"

"Nothing else was improving my luck."

"If you wore a skirt in real life, you'd probably get lucky too." Akaashi doesn't miss the way Bokuto squirms as he voices the thought.

"Please stop imagining such things."

"Hey wait! Don't you have pants in your wardrobe or something? I always keep different clothes in my storage."

"...No. I just have the one outfit I wear."

"You mean you wear it all the time?! You never change it? That's not sanitary, even for a video game." 

Akaashi marvels over the fact that Bokuto has the word 'sanitary' in his vocabulary. The moment of being proud passes as he processes that Bokuto actually had the audacity to imply that he is anything but clean. Bokuto is the one that has an impressive amount of dirty clothes in his room. 

"I change my clothes with the weather or the season, or the events."

"So where are the rest of your clothes? I want to try stuff on!"

"I don't have them. I sell them."

"Seriously?! You just keep the one outfit?!"

"It would take up too much space if I kept everything I wore." Bokuto's villager is rapidly running circles around Akaashi's, Bokuto's way of idling in-game while they talk. "Are you going to shop?"

Bokuto answers by sprinting up the stairs to the second floor, only after buying both K.K. albums.

"You didn't listen to the samples?"

"Nah, I just want to have all his music! If I already have it, I can just sell it or something. ...Don't tell me you don't buy his music?!"

"I buy the songs I enjoy."

"What about your catalog?! What if you need something?"

"I have what I need. If I were to buy all his music, it would make changing my music a chore. There would be too much to scroll through."

Bokuto is horrified by Akaashi's answer and spends the next five minutes trying to sell him on the benefits of a full catalog. Akaashi is spared the rest of the poor lecture when Bokuto realizes he doesn't have enough bells to buy any of the furniture that he may or may not need.

"Come outside, I'll leave some for you. I'm by the train station." Akaashi drops the pouch of bells when Bokuto emerges from the railroad crossing.

"YOU'RE LOADED! Are you really giving me all this?!" Akaashi doesn't think that 40,000 bells makes him loaded, but Bokuto is insistent. "I'll pay you back as soon as I pay my house off."

"There's no need. I have plenty in savings and I can always earn more."

"I want to pay you back, Akaashi." Akaashi wants to tell Bokuto that it's just a game, that he actually has four extra pouches of bells stored in some of his letters, but then Bokuto's lips are pressing against his neck, muddling his thoughts.

Akaashi is ready to brush it off, to brush Bokuto off, but Bokuto tempts him with another kiss, this one closer to his jaw.

"Is this your way of paying me back?"

"Mm," Bokuto confirms, too preoccupied with the task of forming a hickey to give a proper reply.

Akaashi's DS is still in his hands, the gentle 5 PM music floating up to his ears. He makes a feeble attempt to keep playing, but ends up wandering about in a daze until Bokuto relieves him of his distraction by setting it at the foot of the bed.

He doesn't remember how he ended up on his back. Bokuto's broad frame looms above him, and Akaashi can't help but quietly admire it. As he runs his hands along Bokuto's shoulders, he thinks of how determined Bokuto is when it comes to volleyball.

And then he's reddening and horror stricken, thinking of how the team will see his hickies at the next practice after school.

Bokuto, oblivious to Akaashi's distress, leans down to kiss him.

Akaashi opens his mouth, ready to give voice to his worries, only to find himself meeting Bokuto's tongue. He means to push Bokuto back gently, but instead he finds himself pulling Bokuto closer, fingers carding through his soft white hair.

A small noise leaves Akaashi's mouth before he can catch it, and for a moment, he feels embarrassed, but then Bokuto's gripping him tighter, kissing him harder, and he forgets about it.

He shivers when he feels Bokuto's hands under his shirt, trailing up slowly, mapping out his chest.

"Bokuto-..." 

Bokuto kisses him and nuzzles his shoulder to reassure him before pushing his shirt up further, baring his chest. 

Akaashi wishes it was darker.

"You're so pretty,"