You can only assume that this means your strategy, the one involving your head and the teleportation device, was successful, as the you in front of you seems entirely intact. This situation is involving entirely too many yous, and you’re not sure you can manage to keep track of which you is you anymore.

Behind you, the you that is /not/ you that is, is your friendly clown guide. You get a sudden urge to punch something, preferably your friendly clown guide, who is looking entirely too friendly for his own good, with those three long gashes running down his face. You wonder if punching him would make you feel better. The finite but e%pansive grasp of the mechanics of parado% space your new form has given you access to to better comprehend and in turn allow the you in your charge to comprehend the intricacies of the Medium and all that entails allows you access to the knowledge that punching Gamzee would not help anyone, as he would merely survive and move on to be someone else’s friendly clown guide by merit of being a clown. This does not tell you anything.

You are a sprite.

Fiddlesti%.

Request was for Kurloz/Karkat. This was an interesting one. Took me a while to figure out what direction to go with.

There was something incredibly distressing about seeing the tranquil mirror image of your missing asshole clown moirail staring you down with a blank, vague smile and glassy, inexplicably dead eyes that betrayed even less than what seemed to be the norm on how much emotion creepy white ganderbulbs could hold.

When you first noticed him the resemblance almost tricked you into freaking out and running up to him to do something embarrassing and gross like hug him, but once you noticed the calm disposition and the generally wrong facepaint you quickly changed your course of action into quietly freaking out within the confines of your own thinkpan. 

Stitched-up lips quirked upwards, like face-painted asshole number two knew something you didn’t, and then he raised one hand, making a quick sign that might as well have meant there was a shitflinging crawlbeast with a two-sided woodchopping device standing behind you for all that you could understand it. When you opened up your mouth to tell him this he just lifted a single finger, a quiet shooshing gesture he had absolutely no right to use on you.

He gestured something again, apparently not yet aware of the fact that no, you really don’t speak finger gymnastics and clownfacetwitch. Then he curled his fingers up, an obvious non-verbal ‘come here’ that would not have been creepy in the slightest if it hadn’t come from a face-paint wearing clown-cultist from the former troll dystiopia from hell. 

You might have been less apprehensive to follow up any suggestion of his if you actually understood a word of whatever it was he was trying to convey, and possibly if he stopped smiling, because while smiling clowns are not necessarily murderclowns they are still irritating clowns that are not the clown you are looking for. So instead of moving you just stood around, like a total dipshit looking for recognition in your run for the title ‘biggest asshat in paradox space’.

At least, all potential for dipshittery behaviour aside, that was entirely what you were intending to do. You were intending to stand around like an asshat, and as such not move towards any mute clowns with questionable intentions with an unnaturally chipper skip in your step. Incidentally, you were moving towards a mute clown with questionable intentions, with an unnaturally chipper skip in your step.

There was a vague, blue-purple haze over everything, and your body was doing things you were distinctly aware you did not tell it to do, and you really, really hated clowns just then. What, you wondered, would happen if your own dreambubble apparition thing were to mysteriously meet its end. Mysteriously, through clown things.

By the time you reached Kurloz, who was just as awkwardly tall as Gamzee was, you were beginning to work up a nice, mental frenzy. This was familliar. Panicking was something you were good at, you should draw comfort from the familiarity or something. It was also completely terrifying.

Your-body-but-not-you raised his hands, and the mute mimeclown pushed something in them, after which your fingers folded around it neatly with a precision you were not used to from yourself. You’d never really focused on finger things before. Then he bent down, and pressed a cold, grease-paint stained kiss to your lips, and before you could even register exactly how weird stitches felt against your skin and holy fucking shit you were just kissed by a guy who hadn’t brushed his gnawers in an eternity he flicked your forehead with his fingers and you woke up on the horn pile, clutching a purple package with a tag with your missing-rail’s name on it.

You really hated clowns.

Request was Kankri/Cronus. I don't think it's physically possible for me to not write Cronus as an asshole, much though I love the guy. Then again, everyone I write magically turns into