when she heard laughter coming from the living room.

Mika’s laughter.

A smile fell on her lips.

It’s been years since she’s heard his laugh. He’s already been so moody and distant ever since he had entered high school and it pained her so much. She could remember when Mika was such a happy boy, always ready to do something new every day. Than he met Yuu and became even more happier, talking about  Yuu nonstop each day.

Than he came home one day talking about how Yuu loved him.

To be honest she saw something like that happening. Just not from Yuu.

Still, she loved seeing her precious son being wanted like the priceless jewel that he was and it was nice to see that Mika finally came around, invited Yuu over and made up with his old best friend and hopefully become more than friends.

With a mischievous, small grin on her face Krul tip toed to the living room, trying to keep quiet so she could scare the both of them just like she did when they were kids.

As soon as she entered the living room, she hastily rolled forward so that she was now on the couch that Mika and Yuu was sitting on.

Taking a deep breath, she jumped up.

 “Boo!” She shouted, making Mika fall off the couch and a loud high pitch scream come from her right.

That sounded pretty…feminine.

Looking to her right, she nearly jumped at the sight of Akane looking right back at her with wide, scared eyes.

“Uh…” Krul just stared at her.

Who the hell was she?

“M-mom! What are you doing?” Mika exclaimed from the ground, his hand over his heart. This wasn’t the first time she’s done something like this and he was sure it wasn’t going to be the last.

“I uh…. I thought Yuu was here and I wanted to…” She began to lamely explain. Clearing her throat, she instead decided to change the subject. Pointing an accusing finger at Akane, Krul asked in irritated tone, “Who is she?”

She was always up for Mika being with someone who would make him happy.

That someone just had to be Yuu.

That’s all.

Quickly composing herself Akane gave Krul a polite smile and held her hand out.

“I’m Akane Hyakuya ma’am. It’s a pleasure to meet you and thank you for allowing me inside your lovely home!”

‘I didn’t though.’ Krul thought but that would be unprofessional for to say. Instead she returned the smile and took her hand. “Likewise. It’s nice to see my Mika be friendly. I haven’t seen it in such a long time.” Her eyes glanced over to Mika who frowned up at her.

“Okay mom. No need to get so sentimental.” He stood up and reached for something off the table that was in front of the couch. With an excited grin he held up the sketchbook for Krul to see.

“Look at how well Akane draws! Isn’t it neat?” Krul examined the art with uninterested eyes.

“It’s alright.” She gave a light shrug.

Akane’s face fell a bit from her reaction while Mika’s frown returned on his face. This was something that he had grown use to but hated immensely. If any sort of gift, no scratch that, if anything didn’t come from Yuu his mom would dislike instantly. It was a bad habit she had and it bugged the hell out of him.

“Akane, I think it’s perfect.” He reassured her.

“T-thank you Mika.” Akane gave him a look of gratitude and nervously looked bac at Krul. She could tell this wasn’t going to be easy. If she was going to get with Mika she had to get on Krul’s good side. That was her main objective right now.

This would need time and planning.

“You know, it’s getting late. I should be heading home.” She grabbed her bag and stood up from the couch. She gave the both of them a low bow and said too Krul, “It was nice meeting you ma’am.”

“Likewise.” Krul gave her a fake smile.

This was going to be hard.

 

After Akane had left, Mika had stormed off to his room without a word to Krul. He was so pissed. This was the reason why he did not like bringing friends over to his house. His mom always thought they were either there to replace Yuu or try to go out with him.

He wasn’t in the mood for dating anytime soon and there would never be a person who replace Yuu. Mitsuba and he had something in common yes but he wouldn’t call her his best friend.

He let out a tired sigh and rolled on his back, looking up at the ceiling from his bed. He really did miss Yuu like crazy. Despite wanting Yuu off his back he secretly wanted to talk to him but he just wasn’t sure what to