. “I know, you’ll see, there’s more.” He bites Castiel’s neck, licks into his ear, wet and dirty. “Let it happen. Just let it take you. Trust me.”

Castiel makes a breathy sound that Balthazar doesn’t immediately recognize as a laugh. “I can’t think of a single reason why I should.”

“Then let me give you one,” Balthazar says, and drops to his knees.

Castiel stares down at him dazedly. He must know what Balthazar intends – you don’t observe humanity, and Dean Winchester in particular, without learning what assuming this particular position portends. However, the last thing Balthazar wants to think of at this moment is a Winchester, so he focuses instead on what’s in front of him.

He has by now viewed many a human sex organ at close quarters and the variations on the theme never fail to amaze him. Such individuality in this most secret part of the human body! One never knows until the big reveal exactly what one is getting. But, like everything else about his vessel, Castiel’s penis is quite pleasing to look upon. Balthazar finds this consistency fitting, as Castiel is one of the most consistent beings Balthazar has ever known.

“You have done this before -- with human men?” Balthazar senses the hesitancy in Castiel’s words, in the way his fingertips touch Balthazar’s head too gently, in the stillness of his body, holding himself tensely, braced for the unknown.

“Oh my, yes,” Balthazar replies, with more confidence than may be warranted. “Men, women, and a few who were neither.” He stops, tilts his head. “Or both. I’m never quite sure how that works. At any rate, nothing to worry about. I know what I’m doing.”

Words to the contrary, he is not exactly an expert at giving head, usually preferring to be on the receiving end of the experience. The few times he has done it, it has not been what he would call enjoyable. With Castiel, however, he begins to suspect that may change. He rubs his lips along the shaft, inhaling a scent that is nothing like the pungent reek of humanity. Instead, he has the impression of spring grasses, the brine that the sea breeze carries, the loamy smell of warm earth. He senses ambrosia and Heaven and home and it makes him moan as he takes in as much as he can – as much as he can, which is everything, the gag reflex just a faint twitch at the back of his throat that he banishes with a thought.

Castiel cries out harshly, his voice echoing in the large chamber. His fingers dig into Balthazar’s scalp, not gentle now. No, now they’re insistent, holding him steady as Castiel thrusts, hips snapping aggressively forward. It’s beautiful, the way he’s become lost to it, Balthazar decides, looking up at the long line of Castiel’s body. Despite all the clothes he’s inexplicably still wearing, there’s a tautness visible in his form, in the angle of his torso and the arch of his neck, that makes Balthazar’s cock jump in sympathy. When Castiel’s moans grow agonized and he swells in Balthazar’s mouth, Balthazar feels an answering spasm of heat that has him groaning and pressing his hand to his crotch to find some relief.

Balthazar reaches up to run light fingertips over Castiel’s balls, then rolls them in his palm, and Castiel convulses, uttering a series of sobbing gasps and grabbing onto Balthazar’s shoulders to keep himself upright. Balthazar swallows before the first spurt hits the back of his throat and if he weren’t so oblivious to anything but Castiel, he’d be embarrassed at how greedy he is for it, making satisfied little grunting noises as he sucks and licks and sucks some more, until he notices that Castiel – Castiel, whose strength never fails him – has begun to slide weakly to the floor.

“No, no, no,” Balthazar says, gripping him under the arms and heaving him up to standing. “Not so fast, mate. I’m not done with you.” Castiel raises heavy-lidded eyes, looking flushed and pleasure-drunk and Balthazar find it impossible not to kiss him, impossible not to give in to the allure of that slack mouth, those pliant lips. Castiel’s kiss is slow and clumsy, but perfect for all that. Indeed, it may be his favorite of all the kisses Balthazar has ever received.

“I didn’t know,” Castiel says, his voice hoarse, but with an undertone of wonder.

“Of course not.” Balthazar strokes his face with gentle touches, feeling unaccountably tender. “No one can, until you experience it for yourself.”

“I thought I understood,” Castiel says, shaking his head. “But I was mistaken.”

Balthazar makes no reply, just tugs Castiel’s tie loose, unthreading it from its knot and then leaving it hanging around his neck