, Hojo had encouraged him to have a few more once they returned to Gast’s house. A lot more. “Twatwaffle,” Hojo had said, “Rectal trumpet.”Gast had been snort-giggling into a pillow on the couch. Hojo had said a few phrases already, and it was looking as though Gast couldn’t stop laughing. Hojo had never seen him this drunk before, and had to admit that he was happy he hadn’t drank much himself so he could witness it. It was good to know that Gast was a happy-go-lucky sort of drunk, even after a bad day at work.Gast had started to cough while laughing, then stopped laughing all together, hacking his lungs out. Silas looked at him a bit concerned, then saw Gast go pale.“Urk,” Gast had choked out, covering his mouth with his hand. Hojo had set a trashcan nearby, just in case of this sort of thing, and slid it in front of him immediately. Gast had leaned over and vomited, then finished up his coughing spell, spitting into the trashcan and sitting upright. Hojo had taken off Gast’s glasses a while ago, since a drunk Gast seemed to forget that he was wearing them and would do things like shove his head into pillows. Hojo hadn’t wanted him to break them, and they were sitting safely on the coffee table.Gast had reached over and grabbed a tissue from the coffee table, wiping his mouth and nose. “Silash,” he slurred, “I dun feel…so good.”“You look like a crumpled dollar bill pulled from the g-string of a manwhore at the end of the night,” Silas had said with a smirk.Gast had stared at him stupidly for a moment, then a wide grin had broken out across his face as he had put his head in his hands, “Silash, don’t…don’t…don’t be so godsdamn funny… Don’t make me laugh.”“Oh you mean by saying things like–”“Noooo,” Gast had moaned, swaying to the left and right on the couch. Silas didn’t say anything and had assumed he had tortured Gast enough. For tonight.“Come on, Professor…” Silas had said gently, leading him to the bathroom where Gast had proceeded to snuggle up to the toilet and vomit a few more times. Hojo had decided to leave him alone, and wander the house.Gast had left the mail sitting on the kitchen table, and Silas had rummaged through it idly. He had paused as something had caught his eye, and had picked up a particular letter.The return address had said “The International Academy of Natural Sciences and Progress”. Hojo had flipped it over, and it simply said “Celebrating 100 Years of Advancement”. Hojo had both eyebrows raised–the IANSP was a pretty big deal.Well of course he gets things from them, he’s fucking Gast Faremis, Hojo had thought. He had tapped the letter against the table a few times, wondering to himself if he would ever receive such things in the mail, when the curiosity of what was inside had overwhelmed him. Still, it was rude to open other people’s mail without permission.“Hey, Gast,” Hojo had poked his head back into the bathroom.“Nnnn,” Gast had replied.“Can I open this?” Hojo had asked, holding up the letter.“Don’t…don’t make me laugh…” Gast mumbled.“I won’t. So is it okay?”Gast hadn’t even opened his eyes to see what Hojo was holding when he had nodded his head on the toilet seat.“Thanks!” Silas had walked quickly back to the kitchen, grabbed the letter opener, and tore open the top. He had unfolded it eagerly, and began to read. It was an invitation to their annual gala, where all the top scientists would meet up, network, eat expensive food, and listen to a few speeches on the most important discoveries of the past few years.Hojo had glanced into the envelope and saw not one, but two tickets. One ticket had “Dr. Gast Faremis, MD., PhD.” on it and the other said “Dr. Gast Faremis, MD., PhD. - Plus One”. Hojo had eyed the second ticket excitedly for a moment, then felt his heart sink. There’s no way Gast would take me. No one knows we’re together, and he doesn’t want anyone to know. Hojo had frowned. Gast would take some lady friend of his, like he was expected to. Silas had tried to accept that, but it had bothered him more than he would have liked. He had glanced into the envelope and saw one more small card covered in a crisp typography.“Dr. Gast Faremis,” the card had begun, “We would be honored to have you give your speech regarding the conversion of mako into mako energy and materia both naturally and via induction within a reactor. The speech is intended to be roughly one hour long, not including introductions made. Please reply with your intentions