't help it, I have a family for once. I want to protect them."

"I understand. The rest of the former Akatsuki members feel the same way. It's nice having a peaceful life for once." Naruto's eyebrows rose at the information the former Akatsuki remembered the past.

"Ya know Hashirama-jiji told me something similar. But how can you guys deal with all those memories? They terrify me sometimes. I can't sleep some nights."

"The past is in the past. It's no use dwelling over it." Itachi simply said. "Though I suppose being with Sasuke is hard for you?"

"I guess. I can't help it though. He...he...he.."

"I understand Naruto-kun. Will you allow me to help you? You and Sasuke deserve a better chance at friendship. No matter how much you deny it, I was part of your problems with Sasuke. I shouldn't have lied and manipulated him like that." Naruto was shocked by Itachi's plea. "Please allow me to help fix this. It saddens me that my past mistakes have bled into this life."

Naruto hesitated before responding with, "Alright Itachi." A silence settle between them before Naruto asked. "Do you actually have your friends' last in your room somewhere? I actually really wanted to see it."

Itachi chuckled. "Yes I do."

Year: 2013

Age: 16

Naruto curiously watched his older cousin Yahiko study the paper he had handed him. The orange haired man's eyebrows were furrowed in concentration as he studied the paper's image.

A few momemts later, Yahiko slid the paper back to him. "It's different from the other two. If you decide to do it, it will take a few hours to do. The stomach is a sensitive area to get a tatoo on." His cousin shook his head. "Minato-oji will kill me if he found out I gave you two tatoos without his knowledge or permission."

Naruto smirked. "Shouldn't you be more concerned about if baa-chan or kaa-chan found?"

Yahiko shook his head. "And here I thought I was going to give you another tatoo. Guess you'll have to wait until you're eighteen." He laughed at Naruto's shocked expression.

"I do, I was just saying." The blonde quickly retorted.

Yahiko smile amd held up his hands. "Don't worry kid. I'll do it. Is this another... symbolic one."

"Yeah." Naruto leaned forward on the mahogany counter. "It's the design of the seal that sealed Kurama into me."

"Then why would you want it back on your body? Didn't that bijuu cause you a large amount of pain and suffering?" From Yahiko's memory, jinchurriki were treated poorly, and hated their bijuu as a result.

Naruto hummed. "I know what you're thinking but it became different between me and Kurama. Before I was... killed, Kurama and I were partners, friends." Naruto's blue eyes darkened with sadness and his voice thickened. "I really miss my friend, actually all my friends."

Yahiko looked away from his younger cousin's saddened face. The rejection of Naruto's past friends really broke the teen's heart. Outside of his friendship with the busy former Akatsuki members and the very popular Sasuke, he had no friends. And it really messed the poor kid up.

"I'm sorry, Naru." He quickly muttered.

Naruto gave a sad smile. "It's alright. If it's meant to be, it's meant to be."

The orange haired man sighed. "If you insist." He looked back to Naruto's tatoo design. "When did you want this one done?"

"When's the best time for you?"

A wicked smile appeared on Yahiko's face. "How about now?" Naruto mirrored his cousin's face.

...

Naruto glared at Sasuke, who wore a smug look. The blonde lightly rubbed his sore abdomen. "You asshole! Why did you have to do that?"

Sasuke merely shrugged. "It's what you get for getting a tatoo there." The raven haired teen gave him an odd look. "What is with you and tatoos?"

Naruto smile became more wistfull. "They mean something to me. I guess they're a permanent reminder of some important things."

Sasuke frowned in a questioning way. "Like what?" He studied the blonde as he rumaged through his locker.

Naruto hesitated before giving a slight shrug of his shoulders. "Just a few things from the past."

Sasuke narrowed his eyes at his response. Naruto was about to panic but pink and blonde caught his eye. 'Oh thank you, Kami-sama!' Sakura and Ino came scurrying up to Sasuke. Whilst they did unknowingly save him from Sasuke's interrigation, it did not stop the forlorn feeling from flooding him. "I better go Sasuke." He turned