picture-perfect grin, and rubs the back of her half-shaved head.

“Well, I gotta treat a beautiful girl like you right, haven’t I?”

“You really are too charming for your own good, aren’t you?” Emily laughs, and blushes all over again. Tracer grins, knowing that she’s making headway in the heart of the only girl she’s got eyes on, and prays extra hard that night that the news they’ll break up comes in even sooner.

The prayers paid off.

Within a week of that meeting occurring, Emily had broken it off with her good for nothing ex, and Tracer found herself skipping to the bus every morning.

At Emily’s eighteenth birthday was where they had their first kiss, a few months later.

They had met up and hung out almost constantly after Emily had become single again; and, despite Tracer’s punk appearance back then, usually consisting of shredded leggings, leather jacket, and her first upper ear piercing alike, Emily’s parents welcomed her. Tracer had never experienced happiness in such a way than when she got to be around this woman. She longed to be able to wake up next to Emily’s flame-red hair every morning, to be able to stroke at her freckles as she slept that little bit longer. As a young woman approaching her late teens, she was not at that level of boldness to quite do that yet; but Tracer had the correct feeling, even back then, that she would be able to eventually.

And she was right.

The first time they slept together is a memory that Tracer thinks on semi-often, even without the nostalgic blast of their first meetings and their rather grand history of crushing on each other through the ages. But Tracer remembers it so well, remembers the way that Emily’s lips first felt on her neck, and how desperately horny the entire encounter had made her at that age.

Eighteen; a year where many things are changing for the average person. Tracer knew it, and so did Emily. Tracer had re-sat some of her exams; her hair now a faded brown from her bleached white; and her second ear piercing sat comfortably atop the first. She had done well, this time around, and Emily had taken her out to a bar with some friends; but as both of them found, the  curiosity of their honeymooning was always an ever present urge – their texts and messages across various platforms to each other could attest to that – and was finally coming to boiling point.

Their friends were distracted on the dancefloor when they both began to realize how hard lust was hitting them. Emily had been shifting all night; Tracer had been trying not to let her head spin over seeing the woman she already felt unmeasurable amounts of lust for in a skin-tight black dress, with flimsy strings and faux gold chains holding the material’s back together over her skin.

Emily had been smirking, very smugly, she might add, as Tracer’s hands began to wander a little in the car on the way there; and Emily hadn’t made any attempt to dissuade her, but instead kissing at the tops of Tracer’s piercings, mumbling with a smile about her voice just how much she couldn’t wait to be alone with her all night after. Tracer crossed her legs.

Tracer felt her hands instinctively trying to reach underneath Emily’s thighs, before both of them remembered where they were to one of their friends saying “get a bloody room, you two” before they stopped and giggled quietly.

The first time they are alone in that night is at the bar. The neon was hovering in the lights above the dark blue; golds and purple swirled amidst the mist of the floor, and the thumping boom of basslines as the night went on. Tracer and Emily were sat in a booth far from the immediate dancefloor; amidst other couples that clearly had the same idea, despite that their vision of them was relatively obscured; and it wasn’t long before the two women realized they couldn’t wait any longer.

Tracer felt Emily’s hands run up into her hair between whispers, stroking at her chestnut, soft spikes, and the pang of lust had hit between her legs hard. Emily’s breath was hitching as they kissed with fervour, enthusiastic, passionate kisses which drove Tracer even wilder; with Emily’s legs draped across her lap.

“You should be straddling me,” Tracer mumbled against the shell of Emily’s ear, and letting her own hands stroke against the skin of her lover’s back. “It’s not fair to tease a girl like this, you know?”

Emily giggled, and leant back a little; biting her lip with a bright, cheeky smile that Tracer knew so well, before moving Tracer’s hands to rest atop both of her thighs.

“I think we need to go somewhere a little more private, don’t you, Lena?”

“I’ve thought that all bloody night, love. You know we didn’t have