texted me about coming over," he shrugged, wiggling his arse around. "Pull it out."

"Fuck Louis," Zayn murmured as he watched the plug slowly reveal itself as he guided it out. "You're wide open."

Louis reached back and touched his stretched entrance, moaning softly when he dipped two fingers inside. Zayn continued to stroke himself, picking up speed as Louis added another finger to his two that were currently working himself.

"I need more," Louis murmured softly once he'd managed to fit all four fingers inside himself, wanting something more filling inside him.

Zayn pulled Louis' fingers out, spitting into his hand and pumped his cock, wetting himself as he lined up with Louis' shrinking entrance and slipped inside. "Fuck you're already tight again."

He began fucking him slowly, working up to a rhythm as he reached around and grasped Louis cock — making sure the ring hasn't moved or spilled. Picking up his pace when Louis started whimpering, covering his mouth so Harry wouldn't hear them and fucked him harder. Trying to keep quiet but Louis' arse was absolutely perfect and kept slapping against his groin, making a slightly nosy sound.

"I need to cum," Louis rasped. "Take it off me."

"No," Zayn huffed as he pulled Louis back against his chest, placing a hand around his neck as he fucked him roughly.

Louis couldn't help but gasp loudly, Zayn muffling his shout towards the end once Zayn had came inside him — simultaneously giving Louis a dry climax. But at the last second Zayn pulled the cock ring off him, pumping his cock and allowed his to cum again onto his own chest. Streaking his lower abdomen.

"Not again!" A voice shouted from the top of the stairs.

Zayn and Louis both looked up the staircase, seeing Harry frozen in place staring at the two of them. Zayn seemingly choking the smaller bloke with one hand and the other with a cock ring in it, and Louis covered in his own cum and breathing heavily. Not to mention the buttplug on the stairs.

"You going to stand there or get us a towel to clean up with?" Louis smirked, amused by the clearly startled brunette at the top of the stairs.

"Oi." Zayn slapped his cock, "Shut your mouth." He pulled out of Louis, tucking himself back into his trousers. "Harry I'm —"

"No," he stopped him with a head shake, backing up. "I didn't see anything."

Louis pulled a face, taking his shirt off and wiping himself off once he had pulled his trousers up. "What's his problem?"

"What do you think," Zayn gestured to the scene around them, slightly laughing as he started up the stairs after he had picked up the plug. "Let just go shower, I can already feel my cock sticking to my boxers."

"Sounds like a personal problem mate," Louis commented as he started following him up the stairs.

"Shut up before I shove my cock in your mouth," he threatened.

Louis smirked, "Sounds like an invitation to me."

Harry went downstairs around 7 o'clock as usual, having finished his morning bathroom routine and went to make some breakfast before he needed to leave. Yawning as he walked into the kitchen, instinctively switching the coffee pot on — only to realize it was already turned on and someone was in the kitchen.

"Harry, right?" The brunette cheekily smirked as he stood cupping the heated mug of coffee, not having forgot last nights events.

He nodded, dumping out the chilled coffee and started the process over. "You're Zayn's.." Harry trailed off, unsure of what he was meant to call him. Despite Zayn saying they weren't anything but friends, their actions suggested otherwise.

"Don't get any ideas mate," Louis laughed as he took a slow drink from the mug. "We just fuck, that's it."

Harry nearly choked on his silva, momentarily forgetting how to swallow — which is something none of Zayn's mates seem to have a problem with remembering.

"Zayn's got a nice cock and I've got an arse that needs discipline," he shrugged nonchalantly. "You can't tell me you haven't thought about it, I mean the first time I saw Zayn's cock I nearly came."

"I don't — um — I haven't.." Harry stammered, loosing his words completely and tried to focus on the cereal he was pouring into a bowl. "We're roommates."

Louis laughed, going and setting his empty mug in the sink. "You've got to loosen up, stammering like that will only make Zayn —"

"Make Zayn, what?" A voice in the doorway interrupted.

"Nothing," Louis smiled.

"Louis your boyfriend has been blowing up your phone the last 15 minutes, might want to get home to lover boy." Zayn stated as he tossed Louis his phone, "Morning Harry."

Harry slightly nodded, going back to