hits him back with “Why?”“I’m not into looks, I rather get personality.” He says. So he walks away.

Selina goes home, on the way she walks home a male in his 30’s walks over and says “Where did you come from?” She ignores him and he becomes physical with her. Pushes her against the wall, lifting up her dress. In the background you hear someone yelling “Hey” & “Stop that” 2 males come to the rescue, 2 younger males. When the male in his 30’s grabs a gun… both males run away. From behind someone grabs the man’s arm. Jeffrey whispers in his ear “You better leave”. The male puts the gun against Jeffrey’s head. Jeffrey answers with “You think I’m afraid?”. The man smirks and pulls the trigger. Jeffrey shows he has the gun magazine in his hand and says “You can’t shoot without bullets I guess”. He slaps the male in his face and says “Is this how you treat woman?” And slaps him again. He then says “Run away bitch!”. He runs away. Selina smiles at Jeffrey and says “Can I have your number?” And he answers “No, but you can have my Instagram, @LambrechtsJeffrey” while he walks away.

Leather jacket, underarm tattoos, on the back of his neck tattoos, on his chest and on his ribs. Blond hair. Blue eyes. A total bad boy they say. Is he really?

Coming home, he kisses his mom on her forehead. Tells her he got the eggs. She smiles at him and he smiles back and says “I love you” and she says it back. He goes to sleep.

When he wakes up, his best friend outside is waiting on him. Mitch, 20 years old, brown hair, blue eyes, tall, etc. Jeffrey walks out the door and you hear someone yell “Blondie” and Jeffrey smirks and directly knows who it is. Mitch asks him to go to a party after Jeffrey’s done with work. Jeffrey agrees even tho he isn’t into partying. Mitch starts smoking some weed while he drives Jeffrey to work.

When Jeffrey is about to walking in he hears someone from behind saying “Jeffrey”. He looks back and says “What’s your name again?” And she answers with “I never said. It’s Selina Ramos” and Jeffrey answer with “Hablas Español?” She answers back with “No, I’ve been living here since I was born, my mom and dad are from Mexico but came to LA at the age of 20 and 22.”. Jeffrey answers back with “Cool, I’m from Belgium with Spanish roots” and she asks him “Then why did you came here?” And he answers with “I had to, my mom’s sick and only here they’ve got the medicines. She’s okay tho, but we decided to stay here for a while”.

Jeffrey opens the doors and says “you wanna come in?” Selina smiles and says “sure”. While they’re inside Selina kisses Jeffrey. Jeffrey kisses her back. She starts going to his neck and pulls up his shirt. Jeffrey says “who oh, stop” and she looks at him and says “why?” And he answers with “I’m demisexual. I only start thinking about sexual stuff and doing this stuff when I have feelings for the other person”. She looks at him and says “Sorry. I didn’t know” and he answers with “You never asked, you just went for it… we aren’t all like those guys…” she looks at him and smiles. He doesn’t smile back and starts putting everything together. She asks him why he’s ignoring her. He doesn’t answer. She leaves.

While she leaves, Jeffrey looks back and thinks about if he did something wrong. So he goes out and yells her to wait. She comes closer and says she will come back inside if he kisses her. He does. When he stops she wants more and more. He kisses so good. That’s what she’s thinking.

At 6 pm Selina yells Jeffrey she has to go because she has something with her family. Jeffrey says it’s okay. While he puts his hand on a paper. It’s sticks on his hand and when it finally comes off Selina starts laughing.

Couple hours later Jeffrey’s done with work. Goes home, helps his mom and goes out. He and Mitch go to this party. Start playing football, basketball and stuff.

While Selina passes him by, but he doesn’t see her. She smiles. While Jeffrey is doing sports with his best friend, Selina goes to the male that attacked her. She cuts his throat and throws the knife on the ground. She throws the paper (remember it?)… on the ground too. While she calls the police and says “A man’s down… he’s dying”.

Police get there, the