surprise.) If he skates cleanly in tomorrow’s free skate, he can either settle for being an alternate or actually make it to the Final. At the rate he’s going, though, the latter is more possible.

And true to his predictions, Sehun clinches the silver medal and the last slot for the Grand Prix Final. His free skate was as clean as his short program, and he shattered his personal best for the free skate and total competition score. Online, he can see everyone is delighted at the news—for the first time in history, two men will be representing Korea in the Grand Prix Final.

That also means he and Sehun will be together in an international competition. It’s a dream they have strived for, but that was when they were friends. He’s already a past tense in Sehun’s life, and now this news is both thrilling and bittersweet.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The media goes into a frenzy as soon as Grand Prix Final entries are out—not only did he and Sehun qualify, Park Soyoun qualified for the ladies, and Cha Junhwan and Choi Dabin qualified for the Junior Grand Prix Final, the most entries Korea has for a GPF. Jongin finds Kyungsoo constantly on his phone or in front of his laptop, and he finds his schedule full of interviews, photo shoots, and endorsement deals—all in between his training schedule. His head is swimming at the colors in the printed schedule Kyungsoo has plopped in front of him three hours after the Grand Prix Final entries list came out.

“I’m going to die, aren’t I?” Jongin groans, the color codes making him nauseous.

“Don’t,” Kyungsoo says with a glare. “I slaved over this for three hours.”

“I was only joking!”

“I know.” Kyungsoo rolls his eyes before his expression turns concerned. “There’s also one thing.”

“What?”

“You and Sehun have to appear in most of these schedules,” Kyungsoo says. “Together.”

Jongin breathes heavily. It’s no surprise to him. He already thought of that possibility a few hours ago, although it doesn’t make things any easier. “I’ll be on my best behavior, I promise,” he says.

“Will you be okay?” Kyungsoo asks, concerned. “This will be your first time seeing him again since Shanghai.”

“It’s not like I have much of a choice, do I?” Jongin points out, grimacing.

“Can’t you just talk to him and, I do’t know, keep things amiable if you two aren’t gonna be that close anymore?”

The heavy feeling is back. “I can try …? We’re both in the same team, and even if we’re both aiming for a podium finish, we have to at least show we get along, right?”

Kyungsoo blinks. “Ye-Yes …” he says, a pleasantly surprised smile spreading in his face. “I’ll talk to Junmyeon and tell him that, so we’re all in the same page, okay?”

Their post-argument reunion was in Taeneung for a photo shoot and a fluff video for the KSU. He’s very grateful that Soyoun, Dabin, and Junhwan were also there to ease any tension and awkwardness that might happen. Jongin hopes it isn’t going to be as awkward as he’s imagining it would be. How are he and Sehun going to be in this photo shoot, and the photo shoots to come? He tries to calm his shallow breaths just thinking about it. Just smile politely, he tells himself. Make small talk, but nothing personal.

Sehun arrives just as Jongin is getting his makeup done, trying not to laugh when Soyoun shows him a video of Junehyoung having a mental breakdown over seeing his favorite K-Pop idol. Their gazes meet, and Jongin’s first reaction is to give Sehun a one-armed hug from where he’s sitting and to ask how he was. But he remembers the argument before, and he settles for a reserved smile and a soft “Hi.”

Part of him is expecting a warm greeting; another part of him is expecting Sehun to ignore him. Instead, Sehun mirrors his reserved smile and greeting, and Jongin sighs in relief. This isn’t so bad. Hopefully this keeps up.

The photo shoot and video shoot is smooth sailing. They each had group and individual shoots, asking their fans to support them in the upcoming Grand Prix Final. Jongin temporarily forgets the awkwardness in favor of goofing off with his teammates, who are equally cooperative. He and Sehun try to make small talk while they were on standby. It ends in silence, but Jongin wants to pat himself (and Sehun, too) on the back for the effort.

Kyungsoo picks him up in the lobby with a paper bag full of fried chicken, Jongin’s favorite. “You okay?” he asks, chuckling as Jongin wastes no time devouring a piece.

“I’m tired,” Jongin replies in between mouthfuls. “I’m very tired