needed were available.

Nearing the top of the stairs to his home, Haru suddenly dropped the bags of groceries and ran to his front door.

“Makoto!”

Haru dropped to his knees beside his best friend. Makoto slowly turned to look at Haru, eyes glistening with tears and a heartbreaking look of sadness on his face.

“Makoto, what happened?”

He hiccupped, unable to utter a sound. Stray tears started to stain his cheeks.

Haru didn’t wait any longer for a response. He gently pulled Makoto by the arm, leading him inside.

~

Haru placed a cup of water in front of Makoto, whom he had made to sit on the couch. Then, taking a seat, he proceeded to try to get the other to speak.

“Makoto, what’s wrong?”

The brunet looked up and took a deep breath.

“H-Haru…I…I got into an argument w-with…”

Haru leaned in closer to stroke Makoto’s back gently.

“…my parents…”

A small gasp escaped Haru’s mouth before he could stop it. Makoto, Makoto, argued with his parents?

Sensing the disbelief radiating from Haru, Makoto sank deeper into the sadness engulfing him.


I really am the worst. The worst. How can anyone love me?


As quickly as it had come, Haru’s doubt disappeared and he immediately scooted closer to his best friend. By this time, tears were flowing down Makoto’s face as he struggled to choke back sobs.


I’m sorry Haru, I’m sorry that you have to put up with me.


It was a little awkward, initiating physical contact with Makoto. Haru loved hugging and cuddling with Makoto, but he had never been the one to start it.

So it was a little strange, being the one to wrap his arms around the brunet this time.

“Makoto,” he whispered, “It’s alright. I’m right here.”

“H-Haru…” he buried his head in the other’s shoulder, but did not return the hug.


I don’t deserve this.


“Tell me what happened. We can fix this together.”

Why are you doing this for me? I don’t deserve your help. I don’t deserve you.

“The t-truth is, m-my parents told me that I should go to university after graduation…b-but I told them I wanted to get a job first, to pay them back for all these years of education…”

Makoto wiped his eyes futilely as more tears started to form.

“But they didn’t w-want that…they wanted the best for me, they wanted to continue to support me. A-and Haru, I-I got angry, I got angry that I couldn’t repay them back, that all they cared about was me.

I really am the worst, right?”

“Makoto, don’t say that. It’s okay, we can go apologise later. You’re probably just stressed.”

“N-no…H-Haru, you probably find me a-annoying too, right?”

“What?”

“I-It must be really annoying, f-for me to act like this around you, to keep n-nagging you and acting like a mother. I’m not even your mother. I’m sorry, Haru. I-I’m s-sorry.”

“Makoto, don’t think this way. I really like you, uh, I-I mean I really enjoy your presence. And I, I don’t think I’d be able to survive without you.”

Haru’s face was now a very deep red. He wasn’t used to openly expressing his feelings like this, it just wasn’t his thing. Nevertheless, he squeezed Makoto a little tighter and stroked his hair.

“I’ve never minded how you act. E-even though I might have said it was annoying, I don’t actually think it is. Makoto, it just, it just wouldn’t be the same without you.”

“Haru…are you just trying to make me feel better? Aren’t I just a burden to you?”

“No. Don’t ever think that way. I really appreciate everything you’ve done for me. Everything.”

“R-really, Haru?”

“I need you, Makoto.”

Makoto’s head shot up from where it was buried in Haru’s shoulder.

Haru could see all the pain in his expression slowly dissipating, the sadness slowly leaving.

“Haru!”

The bigger boy lunged forward, pummelling full force into Haru and pushing him backwards onto the couch.

“Ah Makoto!” Haru had been totally taken by surprise and was now pinned down, underneath his best friend and unable to move.

“Haru, Haru,” he sniffed, unable to believe the state he had been in just moments ago.

“Stay the night.”

“If it’s not too much trouble for you, Haru.”

“It never is