He is really putting Daryl through this. He doesn't know of anything else to try. Anything else to do! “I will try to find an alternative. Okay? I will do as much research as I can. Ask around. Get more opinions. Okay? But you've got to promise me something. I need you too. I need for you to be here. Help me. When you left, I was ready to give up. Didn't expect you back and that sounds crazy because I know you but you left and I can't have you doing that again. I need you too.” 







Daryl leaned over and wrapped his arm around him, pulled him closer and held him. With Paul's head on Daryl's chest, he began to rub his back soothingly. “I'm sorry. I freaked out. I ain't ever done this before. I didn't know what to do. I was scared too. Still am. But I'm here. I'm here now. I ain't leaving again. I'm so sorry.” He could feel his eyes well up but he refused to let the water fall. “Tomorrow.. Tomorrow we'll both start lookin’. Let's just go to bed for now.” 







Paul knew for sure that there was nothing else they could do. He's already spent hours trying to find something. Its worth one more shot though, for himself, his family, his friends and for him. He's just not looking forward to the hope dying in Daryl's eyes. He's getting weaker by the week.. Already hurting so much. I'm gonna fight. I'm gonna fight till I die.
They both got up off the couch and went into the bedroom. From here on out, is going to be the hardest thing Paul has ever done.




Things don't go according to Paul's plan.

The anticipation is killer. I hope you like. Cause honestly this chapter isn't my favorite but it is needed! Filler? Is that what they call it? Thank you to all who are still following, commenting and kudos-ing this. It REALLY means a lot to me.. I feel like we're finally getting somewhere. Although it is no where near over. I promise I will try to make the next chapter longer and more of just..um everything. Haha

xoxo,zip

The next morning Paul awoke to Daryl's snoring. Weird. He was usually the one that slept in. Daryl would be up and in the living room by now watching the weather. Although there were plenty of times he would just lay there as Paul slept and then wake him up with kisses. He guessed the last two weeks have been rough for his hunter. It was tough for both of them. Having spent the last five years of their lives together only to have been separated for so long. Because yes, two weeks is a long time.

Paul wasn't looking forward to today. He got up slowly to make sure he wouldn't wake the other man and crept into the kitchen. He began his normal morning routine, turning on his laptop, making a pot of coffee and pouring himself a cup. As he sat down in front of the computer, he put his glasses on and waited for it to finish booting up.

Daryl woke blearily. Yesterday's events were hazy and for a moment he forgot where he was. He then remember because of the smell. There was no smell of breakfast being made or the feeling of a child lying next to him who would crawl into his bed in the middle of the night claiming there were walkers coming after her. No, instead there was the smell of old spice and gain. No laughter of children or barking of dogs. Just peaceful quietness. Except for someone rummaging around in the kitchen.

He sat up and rubbed his eyes. Taking a breath, he thought about what happened yesterday. Six months. That's how long this thing had, had to grow. The thing that is killing the man he loves. They're supposed to look for other doctors and other treatments today. He hopes they'll find something and turn this shit around. It's not fair. There are plenty of people out there that do deserve this. Child molesters, rapists, drug lords, abusers but not him. Definitely not him. He's the best thing Daryl's ever held onto. Not a mean bone in that man's body. It ain't fair.

He got up and headed toward the sound of Paul clicking away on a keyboard. As he entered the kitchen area Paul's form came into view. He was slouched over the keyboard, hair a complete mess and furiously typing away. Daryl had to take a moment to breathe. He was incredible. Probably trying to finish one of his many unfinished novels. My God.. I've missed him.

“Mornin’ “ He leaned over and kissed the other