paperwork is all filled out, afterall.”

 

“Yes, but we could always withdraw you, if you wished to?” his father asked in an uncharacteristically feebly voice, sounding very much like the defeated man who learned for the first time about Darien’s permanent disability.

 

“Now dear, I thought we agreed we would allow Darien to follow his own path,” chided Josephine du Corteaux as she took her husband’s arm.

 

“I know, I know…” Jarvus let loose a sigh before returning his gaze to his son. “It’s just that it’s still shocking. To think that you applied and were accepted without my knowledge…”

 

“Is it that surprising that I would want to follow in your footsteps, father?” Darien asked, his eyebrows raised in curiosity.

 

“No! But there are so many easier things that you could do. Things that your blasted lungs wouldn’t get in the way of. That can’t get you killed. Could you not be satisfied with being my heir?”

 

“Father, I respect you, but that comment is an insult to all the training I have done over the past ten years.” Darien replied coldly, though the expression on his face remained civil so as not to attract the attention of the guests around them. “I want to be my own man, father. To make something of myself. I don’t want to be like the rest of the nobility that just inherit into their position and do nothing worthwhile. Just because my lungs are slightly disabled doesn’t mean that I can’t be a hunter.”

 

“Blast, Darien, I just-”

 

“Please, father, just stop.” Darien said, a hand raised as if to ward off what he knew his father was about to say. “I am not going to change my mind.”

 

Jarvus looked as if he were about to say something more, but changed his mind and donned an outward facade of joviality. “Very good then, son. I beg you, please do look after yourself.” Still holding his wife by the arm, Jarvus walked out onto the ballroom floor and started to waltz to the music, though there was no energy in his movements anymore.

 

As Darien looked on, he spotted Raena from the corner of his eye at the refreshment table stuffing her mouth with h'orderves while evading capture from an increasingly frustrated Kaede. It appears that tomorrow will be a very interesting day, he thought to himself as he prepared to re-enter the ballroom floor himself to dance the night away. After all, I doubt life will be the same for me again after I finally enter that place, just as my father and grandfather before me. 

 

Tomorrow would mark his first day at Beacon.

 

 

 

After his short flight through the air, Darien struggled to control his breathing. That’s one excitement I hope I’ll never have to repeat. Taking deep, shuddering breaths, Darien forced himself to pace his lungs until his breathing had equalized to a relatively stable rate. “‘Figure out how to land on your own,’ he says! Blood and bones, Professor Ozpin knows how to take us out on a spin.” Feeling that he was now completely calm, Darien silently dropped to the forest floor and assessed the environment around him. “Seems like there aren’t any Grimm in this part of the forest - yet.”


 


After assessing himself to be safe, Darien allowed some of the tension to drain from his shoulders, though he still kept himself wary of what could be around him. After all, with the way Ozpin had started this test, he couldn’t afford to be caught off-guard again. But honestly, what living human being could predict that they’re going to be launched through the air, I ask you!


 


It certainly alarmed Darien to no end when he discovered through first-hand experience that Ozpin literally meant to drop them into the Emerald Forest. After he had finally worked his mind around the concept, he found himself already flying through the air and quickly activated his Convertible Multi-Shot Archer Gauntlets’ grappling hooks to cinch himself into a nearby tree. What he did not take into account, however, was that his particular tree of choice would not be able to withstand the force of a body being flung 60 mph.


 


With a resounding crack, the branch that Darien had hooked onto broke off, causing him to be in freefall as the forest floor rushed up to meet him. It was only by a stroke of good luck that his fall was broken by other branches along the way, leaving him noticeably bruised but in one piece.


 


Rubbing his arms in an attempt to alleviate the pain that comes with something being almost wrenched out from his sockets, Darien almost failed to notice another presence that was casually approaching from behind him. It’s not malicious… which means it’s not Grimm. Being reminded of the professor’s words before launching his peers into the air, Darien quickly dove into a nearby bush and drew up his camouflage cloak around himself before becoming completely still.


 


The art of unseen movement, one of the skills that