my mouth.”

Sam let out a conflicted moan; Cas sounded horrible but wonderful and it was getting him going at an embarrassing rate, with the rough touching and shamelessly literal dirty talk. The angel wasn’t even trying that, simply stating his mission and the first part of that mission was coming to a close rather fast.

By the time Cas had gotten on his knees, they both had forgotten the Dean factor. 

“Dude where’s my beer alread- OH MAN CRAP NO UH-UH COME ON!”

“Oh you’re Castiel Novak!” The young, ridiculously tall instructor held out his hand eagerly, his eyes wide and full of wonder like a child. “It’s an honor, sir. Big fan of your work, you inspired my master thesis. Welcome to our school.”

Castiel kept quiet, his eyes squinting behind his glasses. He tentatively held his hand out, and it was caught halfway up by a warm hand that dwarfed his own, shaking enthusiastically. Same subject, the height, the puppy dog eyes… Castiel had heard of him too.

“You’re Sam Winchester. You’ve been working on your PhD for three years.”

The younger man’s smile dropped at that, then he chuckled nervously, pulling his manpaw back to scratch at his neck. “So my fame reached where you came.”

Okay, Castiel remembered that he sucked at social interaction. He was going to work with the man, he shouldn’t have lost points on his first day. The thought of having to make amends and socialize more would be disturbing, except he hadn’t thought this guy would actually blush and look all cute and charming despite his size.

This was worse. God damn it.

“I apologize, I… I’m not good this. I’m good at reading. Let’s start over, Mr. Winchester. Perhaps you can show me around the campus?”

Castiel was the one to strike the killing blow on the witch, stabbing her in the heart with his blade- a shriek was heard, then came a great explosion of light with accompanying static. The angel turned to Sam as the body fell, his confusion apparent at his powers suddenly going haywire. “Close your eyes!” He yelled as the light brightened still, Sam cowering from it.

The light dimmed in a minute and the flutter of wings was heard. As Sam tentatively opened his eyes, an otherworldly sight greeted him.

“Holy… Cas?” 

There the angel stood in a mass of wings; real, tangible angel wings, large and glorious. They were dark blue, just a shade lighter than the night sky, the feathers twinkling as they moved. Looking at them was like stargazing; Sam was filled with awe and humility at the face of Castiel’s divinity.

“I’m… not sure why it happened,” Cas muttered, glancing at his wings moving around restlessly as a reflection of his mood. 

“They’re really your…” Sam took a step forward, his eyed wide with awe. He wanted to laugh and cry and fall to his knees to pray at the same time. “This is how you really look like?”

“In part, yes.” Castiel couldn’t seem to keep eye contact and almost seemed to shrink back as Sam approached. “My true form has bled into this dimension. I have suppressed it in a manner that you can perceive my wings without harm. But I cannot will them to go away right now. It must be the witch’s doing.”

“They’re so beautiful...” Sam’s hand reached out slowly, tears brimming in his eyes. But Castiel pulled his wings to him before he could touch, keeping away, the feathers puffed up protectively around his body. The gesture broke through Sam’s dreamy haze, his brows creasing in worry. “Cas, you okay? I’m sorry, was I inconsiderate?”

Castiel finally looked him in the eye, blue gaze wide in the way that made him look so young, but there was also fear there. It was a painful look on a lover. “Sam, it’s… No human has gazed upon them like this. Only my brothers did, but not in a long while. Not in this manner. It’s… I didn’t think I would ever…”

Sam dared to take another step forward, slowly. “Is this intimate for you?”

Castiel looked more restless at their proximity, but still parted his wings a little for Sam to get closer. “This is their most vulnerable state. Like… nudity. We shed the armor only for our mates, by our choice. This… was out of my hands.”

Sam could understand. This was no cause for heartbreak- although they were in a relationship, Castiel apparently wasn’t ready for this. The hunter wasn’t offended for he knew the importance of consent. He’d been a victim before. 

“Do you want me to look away?” He asked softly, eyes full of sympathy and compassion. Somewhere along the line he’