, who turns out to be a eight-months-old lab mix (“Mixed with what, grizzly bear?” Rodney exclaims and then quickly withdraws his foot to deprive John of the chance to stomp on his toes.) She loves children (probably for breakfast) and playing tug-of-war (imagine the property damage!) and is capable of producing an unholy amount of slobber. 

She also seems to have adopted John as her own already and John has obviously made up his mind. He’s discussing paperwork and shots with Tanya while Rodney watches the whole thing unfold with no small amount of uncertainty. 

“Um. I have a cat,” he chimes in.“We have a cat. She’s not going to... you know, eat him or anything?”

Tanya starts laughing like it’s the funniest thing she’s ever heard, a very unfair reaction if you ask Rodney. It’s a perfectly legitimate question. Lady looks like a hungry dog. Who knows if she’ll be able to tell the difference between kibble and a poor innocent cat.

“You mean is Newt going to eat her?” John asks, one eyebrow raised. He has always doubted Newton’s delicate constitution, the villain.

After Tanya has caught her breath and wiped the tears from her eyes, she gives them tips on how to introduce new pets. John listens attentively and Rodney resigns himself to the fact that their little family is about to get bigger.

And, well. John never asks for anything, even though Rodney would gladly give him everything he ever wanted, if John would only let him. If Rodney says no, it’s going to be a very long time before John asks for something again. 

If John wants a dog, then a dog he shall have.

* * *

John spends three days dog-proofing the house. Rodney spends them reading everything he can get his hands on concerning dogs and is reminded of exactly why he isn’t a dog person. It’s a lot of work. They need to be walked and groomed and trained. Cats are so much easier. As long as Newton is properly fed and someone cleans out his litter box, he pretty much takes care of himself. Rodney is afraid that poor Newton will be incredibly jealous of all the attention the new little beast is going to get. He’s used to being the master of the house.

“It’s important that we all get along, do you understand?” he tells Newton. John is off shopping for a doggy bed or something like that and isn’t around to hear the discussion, thank god. “We want John to be happy, all right? I don’t like it either, but let’s try.”

Newton yawns, turns around, and starts licking his butt.

* * *

Then comes the moment when everything is ready and John brings Lady home. Rodney walks around the house, checking everything, drinking coffee, wringing his hands, waiting for the sound of the door opening. He’s already decided to be reasonable about this, to give Lady a chance. She can’t be all that bad, can she? 

It’s a disaster. 

The front door opens and John shouts, “Rodney, we’re home!” Lady walks in, catches sight of Newton, who’s sitting on the hall rug, washing himself. The dog lunges, Newton sets off like his tail caught on fire, and Lady proceeds to chase him through the house until he takes refuge on top of a bookshelf in the livingroom.

“Sorry, sorry!” John says and hurries to right the table and pick up the magazines from the floor. “I shouldn’t have taken off the leash!”

“You think!?” Rodney yells. Then he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. Reasonable. Right. Give her a chance. “We’re going to need some new house rules.”

The instruction sheets from the shelter says to give new and old pets their own designated areas. Newton, however, sees the entire house as his designated area, and isn’t too fond of being restricted to Rodney’s study and the kitchen. Lady obviously sees the poor little cat as prey and jumps him as soon as she sees him, which leads to John running after them both, shouting,  “No! Lady! No chasing!”

If the chaos was taking place in someone else’s home, Rodney would probably laugh. Now, however, it’s not so funny. He brings Newton into the study with him. John takes Lady for a walk. The house is quiet for half an hour before it all starts up again. 

Cat and dog can not be left alone together, not even with a sturdy wooden gate put up between the kitchen and the living room. Lady jumps over the gate and John and Rodney are woken up by the sound of crashing furniture, excited barking, and angry yowling. They decide that Lady should sleep in the garage. Then it turns out that she doesn’t like being on her own out there and spends