sitting next too him, but still making sure there's enough room between the both of them.

It didn't last long though, it seemed that H had one thing in mind the second he was invited into Louis house, and that was to literally pounce on him the second they were sitting on the couch. H came at him in full force, knocking Louis down onto the couch while H had climbed on top of him, getting himself comfy between Louis thighs before he was leaning down and sealing their lips in a kiss. Louis fought him at first, of course he did, he didn't know this person - didn't know what he was capable of. His body eventually gave up on fighting him though, soon enough he fell into the kiss and his hands came up behind H's back, gripping tightly onto his leather jacket. Their kiss was rough and very, very messy, nothing like Louis has really ever experienced before; but a part of him really doesn't mind it.

"I know you saw what I did." H breaks the kiss too say that, his face still inches away from Louis. "You weren't very subtle, I saw you - now I can't let you go." H smirks, his left hand comes up from where it was trailing around Louis body to wrap around his throat - tightening his grip enough to make Louis gasps, just not enough to cut the airflow off.

His tongue comes out too lick across Louis lips, the smirk still wide on his face as he squeezes around Louis throat just a tiny bit more.


 "You're mine." 


His words are whispered when his lips seal with Louis once more - it's rough, H's teeth are out and biting along his bottom lip; tugging his lip and sucking it into his mouth to make the smaller boy whine underneath him.

Louis hands grip H's hips hard, his body submitting to every move that H is giving him. He doesn't know why he's doing this, going along with everything that this man is doing - his mind and heart keep screaming for him too leave; push this man off of him and sprint away. It's screaming for him to listen, but his body has other ideas as his own hips buck up on their own and his cock starts to harden from the forceful kiss that's taking place - along with the hip movements. His body wins over his mind since it's not long until H is sitting himself up on the couch and tugging Louis up into his lap, his hand returns back to Louis throat; squeezing him while the other one tangles harshly into Louis hair.

When Louis tongue traces into H's mouth he can taste the faintness of tobacco, with a small bit of metallic taste. Blood, Louis mind screams at him, once again reminding him on who exactly he's got his mouth attached too. His body goes rigid at the realization, but it seems too not last much longer since H squeezes around his throat tight enough that Louis gasps against his mouth because he can't breath. His airflow is cut off, so he's left gaping like a fish when H snaps his head back using the hand in his hair.

"You definitely are a pretty thing." H says releasing his throat before dropping his hand down to Louis waist, squeezing his hip hard before his palm is gliding across to Louis bulge. His palm landing directly on top of his hardness, H just smirks before his hand is gripping him from outside his pants. "A bit excited are we?" He amuses himself, watching as Louis lets a small whimper out at it.

"Please." Louis whimpers - he doesn't even know what he's asking for; maybe for H too let him go? Maybe too touch him more? He doesn't know but all his mouth can form is the same word over and over again, all coming out in small whimpers are breaths while H's hand squeezes his cock once again. Louis hips buck and his head drops into H's neck.

"H." He whispers against the others neck, his teeth scratching along the others neck.

Something snaps inside of H and like a flash of light he hasn't hesitated in slipping his hand into Louis pants, going underneath his underwear so he can grip Louis dick properly. His fist enclosing around on it before he begins to slowly tug him. Moans are spilling out of Louis mouth as his hips rock with each thrust of H's hand, following the man when his hand goes up and mewls keep spilling from his mouth when H's hand twists the right way. The hand that was wrapped around Louis throat as dropped to the smaller boys arse, groping him and pulling his hips forward while his hand picks up the pace. His own hard-on is digging into Louis bottom through his pants, so as the boy grinds against him his own dick is receiving some pleasure - enough that small grunts are leaving his own mouth.

His hand quickens it's pace,