will personally seek revenge,” Krul said as she opened the door for him. 

“I don’t plan on it. I will give Mika the best,” Yuu said confidently and Krul nodded. 

“Have a good date,” Krul said and closed the door. 

Yuu was unsure if Krul liked him or not, but she seemed okay with it. But there’s a bit of pressure to do better and not mess things up, by with Yuu’s level of luck, that’s impossible. Yuu already took the biggest risk, which was to confess to Mika. 

He got back into his car with one goal in mind. To make their first date unforgettable, and the good kind of unforgettable. 

~ A Chance at Love ~ 

It wasn’t hard to spot the blond hair among the seated people. But it still took him a few moments to actually skim through the crowd as he tried to tell the waitress that he was looking for someone. She finally gave up when Yuu pointed to Mika‘s table. 

Even though he was a few tables away, he could see that the blond is talking to one of the waitresses. He honestly did not expect Mika to look away and see him. 

“Yuu-chan!” He called out like an excited puppy. His smile was beautiful as ever as he waved at his boyfriend. Yuu gave a small wave back as he continued his way to the table. Mika turned back to the waitress, said a few things and she turned to leave. 

As they walked by each other, Yuu noticed someone weird about her expression but did not catch it in time. Ignoring that, he sat down on the couch booth that was across from the blond. 

“You’re early,” Yuu joked. He ended up being 5 minutes late because of the talk he had with Krul. 

“Sorry,” Mika smiled sheepishly, “I started to get nervous so Krul kicked me out of the house.” 

“I think that wasn’t the only reason,” Yuu mumbled and took a sip of the cold water that sat in front of him. 

“What was that?” Mika asked. 

“Oh, it’s nothing. Just your sister gave me the talk,” Yuu answered nonchalantly. 

“The talk?” Mika asked and tilted his head to the right. 

“Yeah, you know um... Basically she gave me the ‘if you hurt him, I’ll hurt you’ talk,” Yuu said. 

“Ah, I’m sorry about Krul. She’s always been a little protective since our parents aren’t around a lot,” Mika explained but Yuu waved his hand dismissively. 

“I get it, don’t worry. I was stupid for avoiding the topic instead of talking to you about,” Yuu said as two dishes were placed in front of them. 

“We hope you enjoy.” Yuu recognized the waitress from earlier but before he had a chance to ask her about the dishes placed in front of them, she turned around and left. 

“I ordered for us while I was waiting,” Mika explained, seeing the confusion on Yuu’s face. “I know you hated waiting for your food and I know you like curry so...” 

“Aww, you’re so sweet,” Yuu said and didn’t miss the way Mika blushed before he took a bite of the food. “Wow, they have amazing curry here.” 

“That’s why I ordered it for you,” Mika smiled and started eating as well. 

“What did you get?” Yuu asked, looking over at Mika’s meal. 

“It’s a pasta. Do you want to try some?” Mika asked and Yuu opened his mouth. Mika laughed but fed some to Yuu. 

After a few experimental chews, he opened his mouth to speak but Mika told him to finish chewing first. He pouted at the blond as he chewed and swallowed the pasta. 

“It’s good but not as good as this curry,” Yuu said, gesturing with the spoon. Then he scooped some and held it in front of Mika. “Try it.” 

Mika opened his mouth and ate the generous amount Yuu managed to get in the spoon. 

“So how is it?” Yuu asked but Mika held out a finger in front of Yuu as he used his other to cover his mouth. Yuu rolled his eyes when he realized his boyfriend was being the goody two shoes he was and finishing the food first before replying.  

“It’s very delicious,” Mika finally answered and Yuu’s smiled widely before stuffing his mouth with more curry.  

“Say Mika,” Yuu said with his mouth full, earning a stern look from Mika. He rolled his eyes before lifting his free hand to cover over his mouth. “How did you find out about this place?” 

“My classmate in English class told me about it. Her parents own this diner and she helps out sometimes,” Mika explained. 

“Would the waitress that served us before be that classmate?” Yuu asked and Mika shook his head. 

“She’s on vacation right now. I think she said going to America