. “I have a spare room you’re both free to use to alleviate that problem.”

“Are you sure you’re okay with this? I mean, you just got out of a relationship and all.” Sehun asks, eyes dark.

“I could use the distraction.” Jongin replies and Sehun’s brow raises.

 

Chanyeol’s spare room smells like air freshener and - Jongin can’t believe that he’s doing this. Before ascending the stairs, Yixing flashes him a grin and a thumbs up and now Sehun’s standing at the end of the bed and Jongin feels the mattress shift beneath his weight. There's still a dark look in Sehun’s eyes and Jongin chews on his bottom lip between his teeth because Sehun’s bulge is still prominent in his pants.

“I don’t bottom.” Sehun says, an amused smile playing on his lips.

The sentence makes Jongin laugh a little. “You don’t seem like the type to.”

“Are you scared?” Sehun asks, bracing his palms on the edge of the mattress.

“No.” Jongin says when Sehun gets onto the bed, and soon enough he’s hovering over Jongin again. “I trust you.”

“You don’t even know me.” There’s a slight laugh in Sehun’s voice as his memory goes back to their first encounter when Jongin landed in his lap.

“I know. But this has been an interesting experience to get to know each other, don’t you think?” Jongin grins and Sehun reciprocates it before he leans down and licks into Jongin’s mouth.

Sehun’s hands resume the action of feeling under his shirt and up his sides, feeling into the indentations of his ribcage; fingers pressing into the grooves and he hums at the rise and fall of Jongin’s chest. He wraps one of Jongin’s legs around his waist and feels down the seam of his ass through his jeans with a single finger.

“You’re really something else.” Sehun mumbles against his skin. Sehun’s hand draws away to pull his shirt off his frame and Jongin admires the pink flush of arousal that stains his skin and is slowly spreading down his chest. Sehun doesn’t remove Jongin's shirt but pushes up so that it bunches at his armpits. Jongin shivers and moans when Sehun’s licks down his chest, his fingers getting Jongin’s zipper undone at a steady pace.

Jongin feel the swell of Sehun’s arousal pressing against his and the friction of his jeans is sweltering, it’s hot and Jongin groans when Sehun finally gets his zipper down and is pulling his pants and underwear down the length of his legs.

He feels so exposed under Sehun’s stare and he tries not to curl in on himself, forcing his body to relax as Sehun’s fingers flutter against his inner thighs. Sehun makes an approving hum and the look in his eyes is predatory, like he wants to devour Jongin and it's strange because the latter doesn’t seem to mind.

“Fuck,” Sehun curses and Jongin panics for a second because what if Sehun wants to back out? “Yeol’s got to keep this shit around here somewhere, hold on.” Sehun pushes off the bed and leans over Jongin to look through the bedside drawer. The heat radiating from Sehun’s skin makes Jongin’s cock twitch against his stomach because Sehun is lean, muscles well sculpted as if he was made to be worshipped. Jongin however, doesn’t do anything but stare - he stares at the way Sehun’s muscles flex under the light and listens to the way he curses as he object he’s looking for falls slips between his fingers.

Sehun grunts a ‘finally’ once he has what he needs and puts the items beside Jongin’s head. He kisses Jongin again, like the feeling of the latter’s lips being pressed against his so he indulges in it a little more.

There’s noise coming from outside the door and Jongin’s more than certain that Luhan’s got his ear pressed up against the door but doesn’t pay any mind to stop it and moans into Sehun’s mouth when wet fingers are being pressed at his entrance; and he wonders when Sehun smeared lubricant on his fingers.

“Relax.” Sehun whispers against his ear before he mouths the area behind it.

Jongin’s head spins and he tries his best not to clench on Sehun’s fingers. There’s a slight burn and Jongin’s exhale is released in a shudder as Sehun’s fingers dig in a little deeper. There’s a thin layer of sweat that films across his skin, as well as Sehun’s and it’s somewhat ethereal.

Jongin moans a little louder this time and they hear a ‘fuck, I didn’t know Jongin was a screamer’ from outside the door and if Jongin wasn’t so in the moment, he’d go out and beat Luhan’s ass, but that’s not important now.

“Off.” Jongin exhales