Get your hands off me!”

“You said that we’re a team!” Eren answered back defiantly. “Let me get you on the fucking horse so we could get out quickly. I promise it’s not going to lessen your ego!”

Levi glared harshly at the boy but allowed himself to be lifted up on the stallion. Eren made a pleased sound and rubbed at the captain’s uninjured knee with a soft whisper of not-so-apology. The silence between the two was tense as they trekked through the thick lines of trees and foliage. Occasionally, Eren had to fly up to the trees to see where they’re going but only the whirring of his gear broke whatever mutually consented silence game they were playing.

The captain finally gave in when they have reached a clearing that promised a few miles from the lip of the forest. Levi reached out and ruffled Eren’s windblown hair which startled the younger.

“Stop making that face, Eren. You’re making me feel worse.”

“But you were mad at me.”

Levi smirked as he noticed the boy inching closer to the captain hesitantly, “Yeah, well, I was actually being my usual ass self.”

Eren smirked back but was answered by a lights smack to the side of his head. “You were being an ass too so we’re both at fault. End of story. Wipe that filthy smug ass smirk from your face.” Levi grumbled with a smile as they threaded forward.

“Captain!”

“Oh my god! Eren!”

“Shit! They’re alive!”

“Welcome back!”

The small team that was deployed to find and retrieve Captain Levi and Eren broke into a mix of cheers and sagging relief as they caught a glimpse of the pair walking out of the forest. The team was comprised of the Special Operations Squad together with Mikasa and Squad Leader Hange.

“Don’t scare me like that!” Mikasa harshly reprimanded as she hit Eren’s side.

“Can’t really say I’m sorry for it.” Eren chuckled as he let himself be embraced and fretted over by his sister.

Petra and Hange were much worse with the injured captain but Levi was skilled enough to kick them out of the way before he barfed at the emotions thrown to his face. It was only through his icy command that the group finally decided to skip the emotional reunion and head over to the temporary base of the Survey Corps.

“You’ve been staring at the shorty more than usual, Eren. Did something happen?” Mikasa asked quietly as she eyed her brother who was still too caught up with the captain. Eren frowned and tightened his hold on Mikasa as their horse galloped faster.

“I’m just really worried. I also know that he’s lying through his teeth when he told Petra that his injury wasn’t killing him.”

Mikasa snorted and elbowed her brother, “What? Are you a Levi psychic now?”

“Laugh all you want but you’re actually not too far off from the truth.” Eren grumbled as he rolled his eyes. “I’m starting to think this titan shifting has more to it than just actual transformation. You’ve heard about Hange’s crazy theories about titan intelligence and mating, right?”

Mikasa hummed and nodded, “Yeah, the one where they don’t actually have intercourse but they can pick a lifetime companion?”

Eren nodded and pressed his forehead against his sister’s back, “I feel like that’s an actual thing.”

“Ew, Eren. Did you just tell me Captain Levi Ackerman is your mate?”

“What’s so bad about that!?” Eren growled defensively although he internally admitted it sounded embarrassing even to him.

“He’s pretty lacking in height for a titan, isn’t he?” Mikasa laughed and ignored the rants of her brother about how Mikasa was so hung up over Levi’s height. It was all in good fun if she was being honest. Admitting that someone else is better equipped to provide security and happiness for her adoptive brother took a lot of time for Mikasa to handle. Now, she’s just happy that she can make fun of Levi so she could see Eren’s smiling and frustrated face again.

 Despite the minor setbacks and hasty retreats, the Survey Corps was successful in reaching another portion of land and securing its boundaries for the benefit of humanity. Plans were made for the land as it was obvious that it was rich and healthy enough for plants that were rarely found inside the walls.

Squad Leader Hange was busy babbling about things that Eren didn’t understand but eventually the younger brunet had the courage to interrupt the squad leader.

“Excuse me, I hate to interrupt you but I’ve been bothered by a question that I wanted to ask you.”

Hange smiled kindly, “Go ahead, dear. What’s on your mind?”

“I was thinking about your theory on mates.” Eren started hesitantly as color flooded his cheeks, “I know it sounds pretty stupid but do you think that kind of instinct can also apply on titan shif—“

“