curiously, then continues, stilted and unsure. “More and more I think about how you wouldn’t be here either if I hadn’t gone there. And that gives me perspective. I guess what I mean is – I wouldn’t do it any different if it meant not having my brother here. And if it meant… you know.” He lets it hang there. “Something like that, anyway,” he finishes off awkwardly.

There’s a long, complicated pause as Castiel stares at him, and Dean sees the second when it clicks, because the angel’s eyes widen fractionally and his lips quirk just barely. “You don’t have to tell me things like that, Dean,” he says quietly. “I don’t expect it of you.”

He seems pleased all the same as he pushes up, his shirt slipping down and leaving him bare to the waist. He toes off his boots, stretches luxuriantly, his upper back bunching and rippling, his shoulder blades briefly prominent, his arms stretched above him, lithe and flowing, and his fingers fanning out. Dean hears the pop and crack of bone, imagines the powerful flex of invisible wings, tendons and sinews contracting and expanding, the softness of feathers. Just for a second, he thinks he can see their shadow folding gracefully back in, and it makes his mouth go dry.

He roves hungry eyes up and down Castiel, all pale skin, wiry limbs, and angular points, and fuck, but he can feel his cock aching with his need for this, even through the spasms in his back. And now Castiel is stepping out of his pants, the dark fabric puddling on the floor next to him, and there’s something so damned gratifying about the fact Castiel just assumes he can stay, doesn’t ask or even doubt that Dean wants him right here, stripping off and crawling in the bed with him. Dean contentedly tracks the dark fuzz that sprouts just below Castiel’s navel and wends its intriguing way down below the waist of his boxers, and in the back of his mind he’s musing that Castiel might be pretty scrawny compared to him but his slight frame is just the veneer for inhuman strength and stamina, and he’s all lean, supple muscle, and just the thought of Castiel’s fingertips giving him more bruises on his hips to match the ones on his back—

“Dean?” Castiel is standing with his head canted in the usual quizzical-fond-perplexed way.

Dean blinks, confused. “Uh. Sorry. Were you talking?”

He can hear the amusement in Castiel’s voice. “I said, you don’t have to worry about slamming of any kind. I don’t intend making love to you.”

Dean crumples back down onto his front, scowls into the bedding. “Don’t call it that,” he snips out churlishly. “It’s sex. We fuck. That’s all it is.”

Castiel doesn’t answer, and Dean hears the sound of puttering, things being lifted and shifted, hears Castiel hum in satisfaction again, and then feels the bed dip on each side of him as his friend clambers over him, a knee planted on each side of his thighs, hands each side of his shoulders, a purr in his ear.

“We don’t fuck, Dean. We never have.” Castiel snakes his hands under Dean’s hips. “Up.”

Dean doesn’t argue, raises his ass up, sucking in air as his muscles complain. Nimble fingers unbutton his fly and he groans, thrusting his wood into Castiel’s palm as it plays briefly across his groin, thinks of the possibilities, the slow burn of Castiel pushing into him, filling him up, biting at his neck and sobbing out his name as he comes. “Please tell me Sammy’s onto a sure thing,” he mutters. “I don’t need him walking in on this.”

His jeans and shorts slide down his legs, the bedsprings creaking as Castiel crabs his way backwards. “Sam knows what we do, Dean,” he says matter-of-factly.

“But I like women,” Dean points out again, more feebly this time, he knows.

“Do you think that matters to your brother?” Castiel replies, and he sounds distinctly unimpressed. “He went to Hell for you, as you did for him. He knows you need this, and he’s happy you have it. In any case, he says we transcend gender.”

“He would,” Dean retorts scornfully. “He’d like to teach the world to sing in perfect harmony.”

Castiel has warm fingers clamped around one of Dean’s ankles, his sock half off, and he sounds skeptical when he replies. “That’s an admirable goal, Dean, but I doubt it’s realistic. There are time zones involved, after all, and language differences that would make harmonizing difficult to achieve.” A brief silence follows, then an audible sigh of dawning realization. “Oh. That was you