. The furthest she went was halfway down his exposed chest, which she could only gift fumbling touches.

She extracted her hands and shuffled back a little, bending down so their eyes were almost level and so her mound left his mouth. Her hand patted at his inner thighs clumsily until she located the bulge in his right trouser leg.  Byakuya swallowed, expecting her to scream or make some kind of noise upon locating this particular part of his body; she didn’t and she wrapped her fingers around him, his pyjama bottoms stopping their skin from touching directly, and she jerked her hand.

The added friction from the fabric caused heat to surge to his face and between his legs. A yelp burst out.

Touko giggled.

“What?” he asked, trying to sound dignified.

“I... still can’t believe this is happening,” she explained, face soft. That might have been because of his lack of glasses.

“Honestly, Fukawa.” He stopped rolling his eyes halfway through doing so. “We’ve... already been intimate...”

“But this time it’s different.” Her grip on him tightened.

Byakuya winced, allowing himself a single twitch into her hand.

“D-Did that hurt?” she asked.

A pause.

He averted his eyes, able to feel his face colouring. “Do it again.”

Touko trickled drool and let go of him. Unvoiced dissatisfaction fizzed on his lips, neutralised by her hands gliding to his waistband. Her nightdress tumbled over her breasts, bunching over the nipples slightly, and she dropped to the floor to kneel at his feet. She wiggled his pyjama trousers to his ankles.

His nakedness earned from him a glance that he swerved to her flushed face. Touko reached between his legs with a surprising cool hand.

Byakuya arched his back as she rotated her wrist toward him, pointing his tip toward the ceiling.

“Mmm...” She trailed her tongue up the vein on his underside. This part of her was wetter and hotter than her hand and she folded her tongue into her mouth when she reached his tip. “Sh-Should I... put you in my mouth, Byakuya-sama?”

The honorific rippled through him. Byakuya’s neck felt stiff but he forced himself to nod.

“B-But it’s so big...” Touko flicked her tongue over his slit, looking up at him through her eyelashes. A beaded string of liquid connected her to him: saliva and something he didn’t want to give too much acknowledgement to.

This time, Byakuya didn’t stop himself from rolling his eyes. “You’ve... had it in your mouth before,” his arousal accentuated his drawl, “twice.”

Touko hummed, eyeing her hand. “If you want me... to do it... you’ll have to say please...” She held on tighter and shuffled her knees forward.

He stared. “What?”

She licked a single circle around the head. Byakuya hissed. “S-Say you want me to... do it... Say please...” A lewd, self-satisfied smile bloomed across her lips.

It took him a moment to process her words and he raised his eyebrows. No adequate response came to mind.

Her tongue teased with more feathery touches and she had the audacity to watch him the whole time. Byakuya’s throat strained to keep in low moans. He could have bucked his hips, her mouth was open and in the right place, but that would be admitting defeat. “Fukawa, I’m not g-g-go,” she added another ring of spit, “gah!”

The ring of spit was sealed with a slobbery kiss.

If this was her attempting to turn him on, then goddamn was it working and goddamn did he need to evaluate what he found sexy.

“Please,” he mumbled, biting into his hand, and she took him inside her mouth.

One of her hands pressed against his thigh, raking fingers slowly across him, while the other remained fisted around his base. She shut her eyes as she fitted more of him in, gagging before he could prod at the back of her throat. Her head withdrew a little and she focused on sliding her lips up and down what she had managed to insert into her mouth, tending to the rest of him with a hand that twisted and gave small but firm tugs.

Byakuya’s hands itched, wanting to hold her hair, wanting to ram her teasing hot cavity into him, but that would be the same as losing as well. So he sat, holding onto the sofa cushions instead, unable to distinguish between his body shaking and hers. All this would be impossible to do alone, equipped with only his hands, and even then he wouldn’t have been able to imagine anyone except her. He bit into his lip, threatening to break skin and bleed pungent red. Red that would mix with spit, with sweat, metallic and disgusting but nevertheless demanding that he drink it, and he would. He would.

She shifted. Back. She slapped her tongue across the head, pecking onto it a kiss before moving