"Er," Sakura shifts her eyes, fiddling with her fingers. Sakura's feet is too numb to shift from her current seiza position. “Is Mi-Mikorin,” The question is at the tip of her tongue, but Sakura feels that it’s too personal of a question.

Mayu lounges comfortably on the beanbags, limbs sprawled haphazardly. Mayu tilts his head her way and Sakura takes that as Mayu’s signal for ‘I’m listening’.

“Is-is Mikorin da-dating Miyako-san?” Sakura chokes on her words. The end of her sentence ends shrilly.

Mikoshiba enters the room then with a steaming teapot and teacups on his tray. He was closely followed by Miyako carrying a tray of snacks and sweets.

“What are both of you talking about?” Mikoshiba asks but turns to warn Miyako behind him, “Be careful of Mayu’s feet!” He nudges Mayu’s feet to a safer location as he passes by. Miyako giggles and thanks him as she enters the room.

Sakura laughs awkwardly. She quickly looks away from the room’s occupants, opting to shuffle and shift Miyako-sensei’s scripts to a safer location. When Mikoshiba puts the tray down, Sakura was the first to grab a cup of tea to hide her flustered face. She promptly puts the cup down. “Ouch!” The tea scalds her tongue and burns her fingers.

Miyako settles next to Sakura, feet tucked neatly and a pleasant smile on her face. Sakura is reminded of yamato nadeshikos. Even the way Miyako-san’s drinking, Sakura thinks, surreptitiously peering at her companion, is like a yamata nadeshiko. It’s no wonder Mikorin like her, she concludes. Sakura quickly turns away, realising her staring.

“You two aren’t excluding me again, are you?” Mikoshiba asks. He looks between Sakura and Mayu questionably. A pout was already forming on his face.

Sakura’s face bursts into red. “N-no!” She laughs awkwardly. Sakura is glad that her scalded tongue gave a reason for her stiffness, because Mikoshiba turns wary eyes towards Mayu.

“And you,” Mikoshiba says pointedly. He eyes the area - it is less of Miyako’s beanbag corner and more of Mayu’s territory. Mayu had managed to sprawl his limbs wide enough that the beanbags ‘belonged’ to him. Mayu wore a thoughtful expression; debating on whether to shift his feet back to their prior position or remain at their current position. Mayu thought against it. Mikoshiba sighs resignedly, “Mayu, you aren’t going to move, am I right?” He gingerly carries a cup of tea and heads towards the beanbag fort that Mayu is happily sinking in.

“Mm,” Mayu says, and means ‘Thank you’. He reaches for the cup while heaving himself into sitting. Sitting up takes a lot of effort. Mayu shifts to make space for his companion, and drapes against Mikoshiba. “Mayu, that tickles!” Mikoshiba chuckles, nestled comfortably next to Mayu.

“We were talking about you,” Mayu drawls. The teacup lie peacefully on the floor as Mikoshiba and Sakura fluster. Red colour their faces.

“Wha’why would you two be talking about me?” “N-no we w-weren’t!”

Mayu keeps quiet amidst the pair’s embarrassed stammering, and contemplates the best way to phrase his next sentence so that it is as short as possible. “I’m dating Mikoto-san.” Mayu finally reveals, and slumps against Mikoshiba tiredly. He is spent from conversing too much.

Mikoshiba flushes. Sakura was sweating nervously from the revelation. Miyako was smiling unperturbed.