were the only people his parents ever talked about or how fast the little ones learned or how good his smallest sibling was in soccer. They were small things, but sometimes, living in this big family, his grandmother screaming in the living room, his aunts and uncles over almost every day, he felt forgotten.

He loved them to death, every single one of them, but sometimes he wished there were less of them. Less noise, less screaming, less fighting for attention.

The Garisson was better. Not by much, but better. He met Hunk, then Pidge, he found his place in the rivalry with Keith. And lost it again the second Keith left. He lost his confidence in the simulations, in the grades and the painful words of their teacher. Everything cut deep and everything hurt.

This hurt the most, this constant finding and losing. He was scared.

He could admit this at least to himself.

He was scared of Keith.

He was scared of being overlooked in their group, of being useless and cast aside. So he flirted and laughed, he joked and jumped around, he fought for every little bit of attention he got and he lived for the moments everyone's eyes were on him.

The rain was soothing on his eyes and he just realized that he was crying.

Someone took his hand, tiny, but wide, three fingers.

He grabbed onto Auroras small, soft form, buried his face in her hair and forced himself to breathe. She had seen worse.

She had seen him at his worst so he had nothing to hide from her.

And for now that had to be enough.

 

Shiro healed fast and Pidge's work on the arm was going well, considering that they had to smuggle material from god knows where.

Most of the stuff they could find in the house, hidden in between books and plates full of cookies.

The rainy season started and suddenly there were five people confined to a tiny house with even less space.

Pidge moved out into Green. Keith slept on the sofa and no one ever saw Lance sleep.

Shiro was still confined to the room to rest as much as possible.

Soon there was nothing to talk about except robotics or Galra.

Lance got over Keiths revelation. At least he seemed to be okay with it, but sometimes there were suspicious glances, quiet moments.

He never initiated an argument.

And of course Keith noticed.

And of course he never mentioned it.

And of course things got very awkward very fast.

But no one dared to address the very bug, very pink and very clumsy elephant in the room.

Lance continued his routine, slowly gravitating away from the team.

Shiro and Keith started training the second Shiro was allowed outside.

Lance watched them one and never again.

 

 

It was Pidge, who was fed up with his antics in the end and started to look for their blue friend.

Cursing the whole time.

They found him in the rain, a good way away from the house, huddled into a ball underneath a blanket.

“You're worrying Aurora, you know?”

They sat down beside him and suddenly there was a corner of the blanket around them, a dark arm around their shoulders.

“I know. I'm sorry.”, his voice was different when quiet. Deeper, a lot less annoying, very nice, if the green paladin was honest.

“And Shiro is worried as well.”

“Wow, he actually cares.”, there was bitterness. Maybe just a little bit, hidden away in the blank look and the sad eyes, but there.

“What do you mean?”

“It was fine, when he wasn't here. You guys were okay. Shiro was asleep most of the time, okay, but you were awesome. Now I barely see you and whenever I see you, you are ether busy or just not... here. And Shiro always had only eyes for Keith. Not in that way. He just always listens to Keith. Or Allura for that matter. You guys act like I'm stupid. I know I'm no Hunk, nor you, nor a perfect warrior like the other two. I'm not a princess with fancy powers but I'm still... here. I just want to be seen. I have to fight for every bit of recognition.”

“Why didn't you say something? I can't read minds, Lance. I am good, but not this good. And I never thought that you saw it this way...”

“You are happier like this. I didn't want to worry you.”, Lance sighed and dragged a hand through his hair. It had gotten even longer now and he had started cutting it with a knife, because he didn't trust anyone with scissors anywhere near his hair. It looked ridiculous.

Now it was plastered in half curls onto his forehead and the nape of his neck, wet from the rain, “I'm scared. I'm overthinking a lot of stuff. Losing my bond with you guys, losing in general. What if we can't beat