that. Some of the tiles were chipped or missing, but the water was good, cold and sweet. But now the fountain was silent; a little dried mud clung to the bottom of the empty basin. She pushed at the spigots, as if that would do anything.

Darthas spoke her name questioningly. Without looking at him, she said, “There’s no water.”

“The pipes broke somewhere, during the siege,” he said apologetically. “We’ll have to get water from the well on Rath Maenen until they’re fixed.”

Up in the Citadel, she heard the clear tones of the bell ringing the hour. She looked at him and made herself smile. “If that’s the worst of it--”

They went inside, and she held him, finally, and after some time she found what food there was and made dinner. The worst was over now, she told herself.

But it was not the worst. There was another mustering of men, and this time they were to march away East, into the Black Land. She had her husband with her for only two days. People spoke of the King Returned, and the Steward; but what did she care for that? There had been war all her life, and for all she knew there would be war forever, taking and taking.

“They shouldn’t take you,” she said, holding him tightly with her hands gripping his back. “You’re not a soldier, not really.” Darthas sighed and leaned against her, burying his face in her hair. He did not argue; what was the use? They both knew he would have to go.

~~~

It was the third day after the army left. Nennil could see the courtyard from her shop window, so she noticed when a child wandered into the courtyard and sat down on the edge of the fountain. She went to the doorway to speak to him in case he was lost. But of course there were no children in the City now, except a few boys to carry messages. And this was not a child, she saw now. He was small, but he had a young man’s face. His ears were strange, slightly pointed, and hair grew on his bare feet. One of the Halflings then--the ones from the prophecy that had made Captain Boromir ride off to the North and not come back. Now her husband had gone off, and perhaps he would not come back.

“No good coming here for your water,” she told the Halfling. “The pipes were wrecked during the siege. Won't be fixed till the men come back from the battle.” Perhaps now the Halfling would leave.

But instead he said, “It's all right. I brought water with me.” And he touched his pack. She could not stop staring at him, seeking some answer. The Halflings had started all this. She felt a sense of quiet anger bubbling to the surface. Perhaps the Halfling sensed it; he looked away, not meeting her eyes, and shifted his position. Nennil could see how his right arm hung awkwardly at his side. He had been in the battle too; she remembered hearing of it. She suddenly wanted to explain, to make him understand.

“My husband's gone with them,” she told him, “and no one will say when they might come back. It's not hard for me to run the shop by myself, not with so little to sell, and with so few coming to the courtyard now there's no water. And I . . . I understand it's war and in war the men go off, and that it's for Gondor and all of that. I just wish they'd tell us how long. How long till he'll be back and how long till they fix the pipes and get deliveries in the market again.”

The Halfling answered something, but she wasn’t truly listening.

“You fought on the Pelennor,” she said. "I heard them tell. And that's why you move the way you do, with your arm hanging at your side. My husband fought here in the city while they sent us womenfolk away. And then they let a few of us come back, and I was only with him for two days before they called him away again.” Only two days! Could he understand that?

 “Yes,” said the Halfling. “That is how long I had to spend with my kinsman as well. He fought here in the city, and now he has gone off with the other soldiers. But he is not a soldier. He is only a hobbit and not yet come of age, and I should not have let him go.”

“Was it up to you though?” she persisted. “No one asked me if I wanted to let him go.”

“No one asked me either, lady.”

The Halfling looked tired and a bit sad. Not like someone from a tale or a prophecy, and not at all like someone who had fought a terrible wraith on