windy night. Haru snuggled under the sheets, trying to get some warmth. After finding a comfortable position on his side, he lay there, eyes closed, mind blank.

He was completely unaware of what his own body was doing; he continued to lie there in peace, drifting in between sleep and consciousness. Inhaling deeply, Makoto immediately boarded Haru’s train of thoughts. Visions of that familiar face flashed through his mind, everything about Makoto came to life inside.

Saving the question of ‘why am I thinking about Makoto’ for later, Haru continued to embrace all the Makoto in his mind. His wonderful smile, his laugh, his beautiful green eyes, his warmth, his voice, his scent…

Haru inhaled again, and it felt as if he had just breathed in more Makoto. Why do I feel this way? He brought the neck of Makoto’s shirt to his face absentmindedly and, gulping in air once more, a fresh breeze of Makoto came his way. Smiling in the dark, Haru continued his thoughts on Makoto.


His scent…


Sitting up all of a sudden, Haru felt as if he was having some sort of ‘eureka’ moment. With slightly cold hands, he took the shirt he was wearing and brought it to his nose. He breathed in again and again, revelling in his newest discovery. There was no doubt about it; Makoto’s clothes would definitely smell of Makoto.

When he finally drifted off to sleep that night, Haru had the sweetest dream he had ever dreamt in his entire life.


X-X-X


“Haru-kun,” his mother called out for him as he passed by the kitchen.

“Yes, Okaasan?” Haru inquired as he poked his head through the door.

“When are you going to change your shirt?”

“E-eh? Ah, w-what shirt?”

Haru’s mother laughed as her blue eyes gleamed teasingly.

“You’ve been wearing that shirt for days now, Haru. When are you going to change?”

“W-well, Okaasan I haven’t worn this shirt outside of home. S-so it’s clean!”

“Hm? Are you sure that the reason isn’t because it’s Makoto’s?”

Haru’s face immediately paled as he tiptoed backwards, needing to escape.

“N-no, of course not! I just, I was just trying to save detergent you know. It’s not like I like this shirt or anything.”

“Anything you say, Haru-kun” his mother laughed as she watched her son retreat back into his room.

~

Upstairs, Haru clutched as his rapidly beating heart. Okaasan almost found me out. I better change my shirt today! The raven slowly and reluctantly took off the shirt, and then once more pressed the limp cloth to his face. Makoto’s scent was slowly fading, but it was still there.

Haru stared at the rest of the clothing Makoto had brought over for him, and it took him awhile but he soon lightened up at the prospect of having many, many more items of clothing to go through. Even then, he found it hard to drop that one shirt into the washing machine later on. He really didn’t want to let go of Makoto.


X-X-X


It was months later before Haru hit a growth spurt of his own. That morning he woke up, feeling a little suffocated due to the rather small neckline of his shirt. It took awhile before he finally realised, with abject horror, that he himself had grown out of Makoto’s clothes.

 “Okaasan, okaasan!” he stumbled through the house, calling for his mother.

“What is it, Haru-kun?”

“Okaasan,” Haru stood there for awhile, catching his breath before explaining further, “I grew.”

~

Later that day, Haru watched with complete and utter sadness hidden behind his dull emotionless eyes as all his old clothes, including the ones from Makoto, were given away to some of his mother’s friends and other charity groups. That one part of Makoto that he had been keeping for himself all those months was now…gone. Vanished. Along with a piece of his heart.


X-X-X


“Haru, it’s getting late. Would you like to stay the night?”

Makoto looked up from the screen as their game came to an end. Haru leaned back and looked back at the green eyes.

“If it’s not too much trouble…”

“It never is, Haru. Would you like to bathe first?”

~

Haru, towel around his neck, stood in front of Makoto’s wardrobe as said boy went in to shower. It had been almost three years since his own growth spurt, and yet, whenever he went over to Makoto’s place, he could barely resist the urge to reach out and grab one of Makoto’s shirts. Whenever he slept over at Makoto’s place, he would always, always take one of Makoto’s shirts to sleep in. He couldn’t resist the temptation