ten.. Does that give you any ideas?" She purred.

"What?" Zayn squawked.

"Maybe we could.. Do something.. Somewhere.." Perrie winked and then leaned in closer, "Meet you in the bathroom in ten." And moved to the next costumer.

Zayn didn't think twice when he pushed Perrie against the bathroom wall, their lips connected, after making sure there were no people in there and locking the door (or did he? Whatever). Perrie pushed him away softly and sank to her knees, unbuckling his belt.

"So, Zayn, have you dreamed about this or what?" Perrie asked, kissing his thigh and digging her fingers into his boxer.

Zayn wanted to say 'or what' but Perrie lowered his briefs down and grabbed hole of his erection, and his throat clogged with any words he was about to say and was replaced with a soft, loud groan.

~_~_~_~_~

"Liam, please." Louis begged.

"Lou," Liam sighed, "I'm so happy you're back, but no, I'm not going to a club with you. I'm not even old enough, and neither is Niall."

Niall rolled his eyes, "It's called a fake ID Li. Everyone has one."

"I don't." Liam snapped, "And I don't even drink."

"Who says we have to drink? We can just get our groove on and I'll never leave your side. Please, Li, please." Louis whined.

"How am I even supposed to get in?" Liam asked, crossing his arms and looking at his friends pointly.

"A bribe to the rope guy, duh." Niall answered.

"You know what, fine." Liam sighed, defeated.

~_~_~

Liam couldn't really believe they had got inside. Who knew twenty bucks could get you inside a club. Liam was positive it was illegal but Louis and Niall dragged him inside and straight to the bar, ordering two beers and coke for him.

Liam sipped his drink soundlessly, looking around on the dance floor and watching everyone sway around.

"See that chick?" Niall asked, nodding his head to a girl in the corner with dirty blonde hair and a short skirt almost lifted to her thighs, "She's giving me the look."

"What look?" Liam asked as Louis laughed.

"She wants to get with this." Niall informed as the girl winked at him. Niall got up, chugging the rest of his drink down and wiping his chin with his sleeve, "I'ma go hit some,lads, see you later." And with that, he walked away.

Liam turned back, not wanting to see Niall go to that innocent girl who didn't know better of what his friend was thinking of. That girl looked like she was about Liam's age, probably younger. He doesn't want to imagine what his friend would do if he got his hands on her because lets face it, Niall was no saint when it came to one night stands.

"You ok Li?" Louis muttered, caressing his shoulder.

"Fine," Liam replied, "I just have to use the bathroom." He said getting up and moving away.

He pushed the door open and instantly heard a moan. "Um.." He squealed, stupid stupid Liam, looking up and matching with hazel eyes that brought warmth to his heart, "Sorry, I... Zayn?" He asked.

Zayn turned to Liam and back to the.. Woman? The woman sucking his off and oh, Liam understood. He raced out of the bathroom.

"Liam! Liam, wait!" Zayn called, pushing Perrie away and ignoring her questions as he pulled up his boxers and pants and bolted out, following Liam outside, which he found, panting and leaning against a brick wall. "Liam, please, let me explain." He huffed.

Liam frowned at him, "No. Is that what you were going to do if I wanted to actually go out with you? Were you going to go off and allow someone to-to... I can't even say something as repulsive as what I witnessed!" Liam shouted.

"No, no, Liam, you've got it all wrong. I wasn't-I was just confused.. I was drunk and confused and I was thinking about you the whole time and I thought I didn't have to mope around about you but the truth is that your the only thing on my mind.. and I would never, ever cheat on you if we were together." Zayn stated, grabbing Liam's hands in his.

"R-Really?" Liam asked, his eyes starting to watery, "I'm really the only thing you think about?" He asked.

"Of course, only you." Zayn grinned, drawing Liam in closer.

Liam smiled back, "Good because you're the only thing I could think of for days now, too."

"Seriously?"

"Mhmm." Liam hummed