way back- and it’s almost as cool as it’s going to get. It won’t really be comfortable,  not until just before dawn, and they can’t stay up that late on a Tuesday night, not even if every New Yorker who ain’t from Brooklyn will still be mourning for Gehrig tomorrow (not that Dodgers fans don’t care, they’re just quieter about it, for obvious reasons.)

So hot it is, and hot it’s going to stay, long, long after the fireworks have faded and the only pops and bangs left will be the trucks backfiring as they move to deliver milk, eggs, ice, papers…

But Steve’s birthday present, all damned near six feet of him, is back in arm’s reach, and that’s the end of every other thought. He wants. Bucky moves just the same naked as he does clothed, and he drops down and crushes his mouth over Steve’s, hands on either side of his hips on the bed.

"What do you figure?" he asks, as the Vaseline from the shoeshine kit by their battered sofa rolls up against Steve’s thigh. "Necktie? Shoelace?"

"Too narrow," Steve says. "Leave marks. Shirtsleeves."

"Hell," Bucky marvels, and Steve smirks. "How did I ever not notice you were like this?"

"Some laws I’m a little quieter about ignoring," Steve says, caressing Bucky’s jaw with the flat of his palm. His neck, his shoulder- Bucky’s like Greek art, a statue, a painting. Sometimes Steve wishes he could leave marks. His initials, here, here, here, clawed in with his nails like his signature on his own work. A kiss sucked into blooming, bursting capillaries on Bucky’s flawless skin. Proof of territory claimed, of parts conquered.

Bucky lies on his belly as Steve sits on his thighs, tying his wrists together with a shirt that needed washing anyway, so the wrinkles won’t matter. There’s knots, and then Bucky rolls over, and there’s a low groan when Steve straddles Bucky’s belly on his knees as he coats his fingers in slick.

"Put it in my mouth," Bucky says. "At least let me suck it, Christ."

"I’ll get mine," Steve declines, smug. Can’t help it. "That’s the idea."

"How the Hell," Bucky complains, "you gonna tie me up and not fuck my face?”

Steve laughs, because Bucky made the mistake a month or two ago of admitting while half-plastered that he don’t actually like cock-sucking or even high-diving unless it’s Steve, and that’s gone straight to Steve’s ego. Bucky’s mouth is Steve’s indulgence. He makes himself earn it, and he hasn’t yet.

"S’matter, Buck?" He closes his eyes, leaning his head back. His voice is breathy, as one’s is wont to be when working two slippery fingers up one’s own ass and making an impatient lover watch and wait. "Lookin’ not doing it for you?"

"Little shit," Bucky grumbles, arms straining to get loose.

Steve puts his other hand in the middle of Bucky’s chest, pinning him, warning him not to move. “Let me take care of it,” he says, before his voice breaks and Bucky’s hips jerk. “You’ll be all right. Sides-“

"It’s your birthday," Bucky anticipates in a petulant growl. “‘Cept that ain’t it. You’re just in a mood."

"I can just do this," Steve offers, breathing hard. "I don’t have to-"

"I swear before God," Bucky says.

"That’s what I thought."

Bucky’s so cute and funny. Usually, Steve ain’t this chatty, but it’s making Bucky struggle between laughing and trying to break loose and pound him into the mattress, so Steve’s pleased. Bucky frowns real hard when Steve’s slick fingers curl around his cock, so Steve motions him upward with a nod, and Bucky curls, just as effortless as when they were in school. He probably does sit ups on the sly when Steve ain’t around, his belly’s flat enough to be a breakfast table.

Kisses. So many hot, wet kisses, their tongues flicker and their teeth scrape and click. Bucky refuses to screw if Steve won’t kiss him, it’s what he needs- kisses, talking, eye contact, this ain’t the back of a bar or some Navy Yard alley. Bucky ain’t just any fella, they ain’t going to pretend he is, and as for Steve, well-

"Stevie," Bucky sighs, hungry and low. "Stevie baby. My sweet baby boy. Baby doll. Steve."

He ain’t under any