Naegi-kun, what reason do you have to be here with Kirigiri-san? Are you on secret business with her that you don’t wish anyone else to know about? Not even the headmaster?”

“Yeah!” Yasuhiro jabbed his finger toward Makoto. “What sort of conspiracy are you plotting, Naegi-chi?”

Heat nibbled at Makoto’s neck and he tweaked at his hood that clung too snugly. He cleared his throat and said, “We were just-”

“Enough!” came a voice. Kiyotaka jumped out from behind the lockers.

Mondo shuffled out seconds later, hands in his pockets.

Leon whipped his head around and gawked at them. “You’re here too? What the hell, was everyone invited to a surprise party here or something?”

Someone giggled on the other side of the noren. The fabric quivered again.

Everyone turned. Aoi emerged with Sakura at her side.

“Huh?” said Aoi. Her hand fell away from Sakura’s.

Kiyotaka frowned at them. “What is the meaning of this?”

Aoi and Sakura exchanged worried looks.

“M-Me and Sakura-chan were heading to the storage room for snacks when we heard noise,” said Aoi. She nervously counted the number of people present. Once done, she furrowed her brow and hunched her shoulders. “Why are you all here? I thought everyone agreed to stay in their rooms during night time.”

“Yeah,” said Leon to Kiyotaka. “For someone who is a stickler to the rules, it’s weird that you’re creeping around.”

“It’s not weird at all,” insisted Kiyotaka. “Kyoudai and I were... We were...”

“Patrolling,” said Mondo gruffly, staring forward.

Sayaka tilted her head to one side. She tapped her index finger in a rhythm against her chin. “Patrolling from behind the lockers...?”

“Not quite.” Kiyotaka coughed into his fist. “While inspecting this room, we heard noise originating from outside so fled behind the lockers, ready to investigate. That is when we heard Hagakure-kun and Kuwata-kun arrive.”

“So you were in the room first?” asked Sakura.

“That is correct. While we waited for them to leave, they spoke of acts most unsanitary!” Kiyotaka said, and he pointed at Leon and Yasuhiro.

Yasuhiro jolted and teetered backward, waving his arms. Before Yasuhiro could flash everyone, Leon swiftly tugged Yasuhiro’s towel down to cover his crotch.

“Lies,” said Yasuhiro, when his balance had been regained. He pressed his hands down onto his thighs. “Lies and slander. I’m not speaking without a lawyer present.”

“What did you call it again?” asked Mondo with a smirk. His eyes glinted. “The thing you guys wanted to do. A ‘brojob’?”

Sakura widened her eyes.

Sayaka gasped.

Makoto wanted to go back to his room.

Aoi flushed. “H-Hey, what kind of stuff were you two doing?”

“Us two?” repeated Leon, gesturing to himself. “We only got here a bit before Naegi and Kirigiri showed up. We didn’t get to do anything. What about you guys, acting like you came to the sauna to talk about algebra? I didn’t want to be that guy, but I caught Ishimaru and Oowada standing real close yesterday in the locker rooms and they jumped apart after I came in.”

Celes grinned.

Mondo paled. “S-So what?”

“That’s an invasion of our privacy,” Kiyotaka spluttered.

“And you two hiding in the shadows while me and Hagakure undress isn’t? You know what? Let’s get this all out in the open,” said Leon. He threw his hands up. “Enoshima told me that when Asahina helps Oogami with her warm ups, they kiss every time Oogami does a sit up.”

Sakura blushed.

Aoi flinched. “S-She did?”

“Yep,” came a voice from the doorway, and Junko soon entered with Chihiro’s elbow hooked around hers. “What can I say? I’m a blabbermouth. Wow, nearly everyone’s here, huh. I guess me and Fujisaki weren’t the only ones to come up with the idea of sneaking here in the middle of the night.”

Chihiro scuffed their foot against the floor.

Junko surveyed the area, hand cupped over her eyes. “There’s enough of us here to throw Fujisaki’s birthday party now rather than in the morning. Wow. So much wow. Maizono, I didn’t expect you to be here. Or Naegi. This is a total surprise.”

Makoto really wanted to go back to his room.

Kiyotaka looked close to a breakdown. “This is... This is most disappointing! None of this is appropriate for a school environment at all.”

“Don’t you think you’re being hasty with your conclusions?” asked Celes, examining her fingernails. “Just because you take part in after-curricular activities of a certain nature, that doesn’t mean all of us do or that any of