carved everything into his memory silently and unconsciously, every little bit of Ashton haunting his senses forever. “That would have been weird,” he said again with that same pretend chuckle, almost like an afterthought, to convince Ashton or himself he didn’t know. Why did he even point out that they almost kissed in the first place?

He walked away to the cabinet, suddenly in need of some coffee (he needed a distraction) and started to prepare a glass of it. He was slightly bothered by the silence, given that Ashton had only looked at him with wide eyes since he was squeezed under the younger. Then he heard Ashton laughed – or scoffed – and he didn’t know if it was laced with disappointment or sarcasm or genuine agreement of how weird it would be if they’d kissed, “You are always that close.”

After that, Luke would wonder for days what it meant. He recalled his face being so close to Ashton’s several times, but something hit him like a cannonball this time. A realization of something, he didn’t know what, but he was never that close to kissing Ashton, he swore. His face was never that close, his heart was never beating this fast. He pondered in his head for seconds too long, he would realise, so he sighed and asked instead, “Do you want some coffee?”

Ashton said “Sure.” in his usual cheery voice, not laced with anything to overthink about this time. But as Luke put the coffee down in front of Ashton and plopped down on the couch next to him, keeping a small distance between them, he still would.

***

They had a week off, which was some sort of a miracle. The previous weeks had been them going from interviews to interviews and performing songs to songs. They loved living their dream, but man did it feel really great to unwind. Ashton and Luke had opt to go to the beach where they wrote Carry On in, insisting that they needed “a trip down memory lane.” The afternoon had set in and the sun was getting lower in the sky, casting a shadow over Ashton who was jogging towards the water in front of Luke in all his tanned glory. Luke didn’t even realise he was staring until Ashton turned around and started to run backwards, calling him over. He could not help throwing his head back, giggling like a little kid and started running faster, like all the weight on his shoulders have been lifted. Like he was drowned in the light that shone over him. Like he was in his happiest place to be.

(Ashton was his happiest place to be.)

Ashton stopped abruptly when his feet was slightly dipped in water to feel the waves wash over his skin, but Luke with his long, awkward limbs almost knocked the boy over. However, spider reflexes took over him and he quickly caught Ashton’s waist to keep him from falling. Soon enough they were too close again, and Luke was hit with a wave of déjà vu.

In that moment, if Luke could paint, he would paint the way the sun emphasised the colours of Ashton’s curious eyes that they shone so bright and pure and the most gorgeous palette of colours he has ever seen. He would write about the way his hands rested on the curves of Ashton’s waist and the feeling of their torso pressed against each other. He would make a work of art out of the masterpiece he was holding, illuminated by the sun that was starting to set in the horizon.

Oh my god, Luke hated this. Two boys staring into each other’s eyes in the beach as the sun sets. Total romcom material.

Luke broke into a sheepish smile while slowly letting go of Ashton, “So close to kissing you.” And he meant it as a joke; not as a statement of fact nor a statement of regret.

Except that it kind of was.

This time, though, Luke didn’t have the chance to look away when the older replied, “You are always that close.”

And this time, Luke was less of a coward.

“How close, Ash?”

Ashton was the one smiling sheepishly as he stated, “90%.”

“How about…” Luke slowly leaned closer. “93%?”

Ashton visibly gulped and his smile faded, but he wasn’t moving away. Luke knew his heart was beating out of his chest, but he was engulfed in courage, in now-or-never. He leaned closer again, keeping his eyes locked on the other boy’s slightly parted lips, “96%....”

Ashton was still not moving away. That must be a good sign. Closer.

“99%....”

He could count Ashton’s freckles or how long did he hold his breath or the area of orange in the boy’s eyes. But he didn’t want to count the probability of Ashton freaking out, pushing him into the water, running away and stop being his friend all together; he didn’t want to count the probability of his now-or-never becoming a straight out never. The