I’m so sorry!” The stranger he’d run into spoke before Aoyagi even had a chance to. He looked up at the man he’d run into his mind taking notes like he would with a new animal. Slender build, athletic, curly dark hair so black it was nearly violet, blue eyes, and a wide smile. If he’d been a rescue they could have made him adoptable almost immediately. Aoyagi came to the realization that one, he was staring and two, that he wasn’t even listening to what the man was saying. “-notice you, I’m not usually this clumsy really it’s just been a long day and I usually come here to play with the cats a few times a week but I don’t think I’ve ever seen you before and I’m totally rambling I’m sorry.” The other cut himself off an ran a hand through his hair. 

 “Aoyagi Hajime, trainer.” Aoyagi shrugged. He wasn’t bothered by the other’s rambling really but he did feel like he should at least exchange names. If the man came by regularly there was a good chance they’d run into each other again. Though hopefully not literally. Probably not often considering Aoyagi was rarely needed to calm the cats. Naruko was much better with the cats than he was.

 “Teshima Junta.” He grinned at Aoyagi. “Yeah hopefully next time we run into each other we don’t actually run into each other. I’m sure I’ll see you around though even if you probably spend more time with the dogs than the cats. Actually come to think of it I don’t think I’ve seen any trainers in with the cats except Naruko, even the other redhead, Shinkai I think, spends more time with the rabbits than the cats.” 

Aoyagi just nodded, they didn’t get a lot of rodents here but somehow they’d ended up with Shinkai who specialized in rodents working here anyway. He waved slightly, speaking of the other trainers he still needed to go find one of them. 

“Ah sorry to keep you. Hopefully you find whoever you’re looking for.” Teshima waved as well and headed off towards the rooms the cats were kept in. It wasn’t until Aoyagi made it to the staff room that he realized that Teshima had understood him without Aoyagi ever needed to speak. He shrugged it off as soon as he saw Tadokoro, it probably wasn’t important anyway. 

 “Izumida and the other morning trainers just left, did you manage to calm down the new pup?” Tadokoro asked raising an eyebrow at him. “It took longer than usual.” 

 Aoyagi nodded and then shrugged. It hadn’t taken that much longer really, plus she was young and there for more prone to jumpiness than most of the older dogs they found. Tadokoro had his patient face on which meant he hadn’t understood the specifics and was waiting for verbal explanation. He was nicer about it than Naruko at least. “She’s young.” 

 “I thought her paws looked big when I gave her something to eat earlier.” Tadokoro nodded looking him over. “Well the other dog trainers aren’t here anymore but you can introduce her to me and I can introduce her to them tomorrow, if she’s young it shouldn’t take long to get her adjusted to having people around who aren’t going to hurt her.” 

 Aoyagi nodded and turned to walk out towards the rooms again. Meeting Tadokoro went well and within a few weeks she’d been moved out of the single room and into one of the larger rooms with a few other dogs for company. Aoyagi worked closely with her in the afternoons and the others took turns in the morning. Despite it only taking three weeks to get her all her shots and make her adoptable no one seemed to want to adopt her. Her room mates came and left and changed several times over the next two months but for some reason she didn’t click with anyone who came in looking for a dog.

Over those same two months Aoyagi ran into Teshima more and more often, though not literally anymore. It wasn’t so much that Aoyagi was going into the cat area in hopes of running into the man who seemed so easily to understand his quietness as things kept bringing him that way when Teshima happened to be there. At first it was socializing the pup who he’d eventually started calling Sun due to her colouring. After she was no longer in need of trainers all the time it was that Naruko kept calling for him to bring things in. Then it was that there was a cat large and grouchy enough Naruko felt the need to call Aoyagi in every other day to compare notes. Running into Teshima almost every time was honestly just a coincidence. That’s what he kept telling himself anyway. Much like he kept telling himself that the reason he liked running into him so much had more to do with the understanding and less to do with how pretty his hair was and the warm feeling in Aoyagi’s chest when he was