me organising another appointment for disrespect.

At about 10:30 something interesting happened. Throughout the night I have noticed the hateful glares at my angel due to my announced engagement to him. Though none were as fierce or constant as the youngest Weasley, Ginevra. I spotted her on numerous occasions chatting to her mother, who was staring in complete disapproval of Harry. But now Ginny has decided to act on her displeasure. 

She marched over to Harry, practically breaking the ground with the force of her stomps. I discretely walk over there to provide support for Harry. Though he may not need nor want it. As I reach the edge of the crowd I make sure I am not easily seen with a notice-me-not charm, though Harry’s glance in my direction shows he noticed me.

“HOW DARE YOU SLUT!?!?” Ginny screeches, making many people cover their ears.

“Excuse me?” Harry replies calmly.

“You are trying to take away my love! I know you have him under some sort of spell or potion and when I discover what you have used you will go to jail.” I almost snort. What basis does she have for this?

“I see...and who are you if I may ask?”

“I am Ginevra Weasley, of the Most Noble House of Weasley.” She states imperiously as if she were announcing her title as queen.

“I am Lord Hadrian James Potter, of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Potter. Does that not mean I outrank you?”

“How could you be Lord Potter? All of them are dead.” She sneered out. Her sneer was extremely unattractive.

“Clearly not as I am a Potter.” He held up the hand with his ring.

She huffs “Who is to say you didn’t steal the ring? You are, after all, good at stealing other things, whore!”

“Again with the insults. You do realise I could not have worn this ring if I weren’t meant to be Lord Potter? What has your mother been teaching you if you do not even know that?”

“HOW DARE YOU BRING MY MOTHER INTO THIS!?!? SHE IS A NOBLE WOMEN AND NOT SCUM LIKE YOU! I BET YOUR MOTHER WAS NOTHING BUT A GOLD DIGGING WHORE WHO TAUGHT YOU ALL HER TRICKS!” Ginny yells out in fury.

Her insults have just gone too far. I am burning in anger at the insults. She insulted Harry’s mother….I can feel my angel’s hurt and anger. Attempting to soothe his emotions would be fruitless as I am too enraged myself. My magic swirls around me angrily, begging me to kill the offender immediately.

Harry’s eyes narrow. “What right do you have to speak of mother in such a manner? Do you know who she is? No, you clearly do not. If you did you would know she is dead and has been for 18 years. Therefore your argument is baseless.” 

I am amazed Harry managed a calm reply at this point. Many people would have lost their temper already.

He continues, “How can your house be called ‘Noble’ if you insult people and their families without previous acquaintance? Enlighten the crowd would you?”

I see Ginny’s anger reaching a peak. “My family has more honour than you. We are a proud Gryffindor family; you must be a gold digging whore from Hufflepuff. No one knows who you are. The only reason they know or care about you is because you somehow convinced His Majesty that you are worthy of marriage. Well….you are not. You are just a worthless waste of space who spreads his legs for anyone. No one would care if you just dropped dead! It may be better for our society if you do.”

A surprising amount of people in the crowd are agreeing with Ginny, most of whom were fangirls. Though the majority look like the only reason they care about this confrontation is that it will produce a scandal. The only person who seems actually concerned for Harry, barring myself, is Andromeda. 

I was just about to intervene when Harry counters with, “Whether or not others care for me is not important. I think it matters more what T-His Majesty thinks of me.”

“And I say the only reason he gives you the time of day is because you bewitched him somehow. After all how could a man that good looking, smart, rich and important end up with someone ugly, stupid, a compulsive liar and fraud like you.”

The words hit home for Harry bringing an intense amount of sadness flowing through the bond. I offer reassurances to him to prevent a breakdown or panic attack. Inwardly, I seethe at her callous words.

*Darling, she is just jealous. You are beautiful, smart and kind, worthy of my presence. Worthy of my love. Her obsession for me does not change my feelings for you. You have so many things she does not. You have a title, several magical abilities she has no hope to have, correct behaviour in a proper setting, a sense of humour and your wonderful opinions. She would imitate mine in an