given life. Lavender curls swirled down his bare shoulders, accented by the darker glow of his wings and complemented by his three, black horns. “Now then,” he began, his voice, now without echo, carrying an icy smoothness only the devil could resist. “Your name?” “Daria, my lord, Daria Brando.” “Well then, Mrs. Brando, what help do you seek?” She searched for her request, fumbling with a small cross in her pocket and finding her eyes locked with his. In their golden shine, she found the words. “From my understanding, you and your court can perform miracles, am I correct?” Putting a finger to his chin in intrigue, he affirmed her. “You see then, Lord Kars, that I could only come to you for this request... A child…. Can you grant me a child?” Kars lowered his hand and raised an eyebrow with a fanged smile, a faint murmur from the darkness reaching her ears: laughter. “Why, of course we can give you a child,” he said, his face contorting into an unnatural smile. “What of you can you give in return?” All joy from his agreement fell away at the question. Not what from, but what of. “What-what of me?” “Flesh for flesh, my dear Daria,” he replied with a bit of a laugh in his throat as she stood before him. “How much of yourself would you give for them?” Daria’s breathing grew hard as she thought on the price. Giving too much could kill her, no matter how much she could try and resist, and giving too little could leave her with nothing but missing digits. She dreaded the idea, but knew she was in no position to negotiate. Letting the cross fall from her hand, she pulled her hand from her coat pocket, quaking. “My arm: I offer my arm for the child.” She rolled up her sleeve, revealing cuts, bruises and burns, before kneeling. “May this be an adequate offer, Lord Kars.” He approached her, examining her flesh with a curved nail as he circled her, his wings twitching slightly as his finger trailed her. His touch was colder than steel or stone, like she was being touched by the final winds of winter all at once. He looked back into the darkness. “Esidisi,” he called, “be sure she feels no pain.” He flicked his wings outward, the purple membranes shimmering in the light of the now re-awoken fungi. Soon blue, red and green lit up in the shadow. Blue and Green retreated, but Red advanced as it took up a human mantle: that must have been Esidisi. His wings revealed white curls and a smiling face, an eerie opposition to his lord’s. He placed his hand in the pit of her left arm, his skin alone feeling hot enough to sear her, before ripping upward. With a cry of agony, her arm fell to the cavern floor and a heat overwhelmed where it had been. All bleeding halted at the flames of his touch as Kars took the arm from the floor by its wrist, satisfied by the offer. He tossed it into the inky black before returning his gaze to her, clutching the closed wound with her remaining arm. Blue and Green moved sporadically in the darkness, bits of her arm being revealed for moments before being pulled back into the depth... Then a third light revealed itself between them,a faint, flickering yellow, followed by a shrill crying. Blue emerged from the blackness, taking up a form much bulkier than Kars or Esidisi, holding a squirming mass in his arms. Golden curls revealed themselves in the arms of the goliath, followed suit by small hands. “The deal is closed,” the carrier said, his deadpan voice booming across the cave and disturbing the rest of bats. “Your son, Mrs Brando.” He got on one knee and presented the baby, the lord on his left looking rather pleased with his side. Daria took him up in her arm, kissing his forehead as tears rolled down her face. “A son,” she cried, smiling down on her little boy with all the light in heaven in her eyes. “I-I don't know how to thank any of you for this gift.” “It was not a gift, Daria, but a trade,” Kars reminded her, his smile fading back into calm. “And with it finished, I do believe you should take your leave, hmm?” She nodded, unable to find her words in the sea of tears she was swimming in before her son. She bowed as best she could have, given one arm lighter and one baby heavier, before slowly turning to leave the cavern in the hill. God gave her this chance, and she would know it in his name... “Dio...my little Dio,” she panted as she walked the woods, the baby crying loudly in the night as the color of the fae faded into the dark. She lightly bounced him in her remaining arm, trying to think of a