call it a date, though). She is at the library, typing away on her laptop for a paper that is due the following week. Luckily, she’s been making good progress the entire day and so she is finally on the last paragraph when her concentration is broken by the sound of wood scraping against the floor as the seat across from her is pulled back.

Glancing upwards, she is met with Seijuurou’s friendly face who cheerily asks her if the seat is already taken. Momentarily forgetting about the way their date ended a few nights ago, she smiles at him pleasantly and shakes her head no.

“Thanks,” he mutters as he takes a seat and takes out his own laptop from his backpack and lays out a bunch of textbooks beside it. She takes a quick look at him before resuming her work as he goes about with his own matters.

They ignore each other’s presence for the better part of an hour, each focused on their own tasks. Eventually, however, Gou finishes her paper, and after proofreading it once, twice, and then one more time just to be sure, she e-mails her output to her professor and releases a relieved sigh. She stretches her arms with a slight groan which catches Seijuurou’s attention who had been so immersed in his own little world up until then.

She smiles sheepishly as he, too, stretches his back and takes a break. Gou has to restrain herself from staring unabashedly as Seijuurou unintentionally makes a show of his glorious muscles, so instead she attempts to start up a conversation.

“I’m sorry. Did I disturb you?”

“It’s no problem. I was just about to take a break anyway,” he assures her.

She nods, satisfied with his reply, and moves to gather up her stuff so she could put them away.

“You’re leaving already?” he asks, evidently saddened by this.

“Yeah. I’ve been here the entire day and I still have a bunch of stuff to study for at home. Sorry.” And it’s true; Gou really does have a lot more things to do. She wants to stay; she really does, so she only hopes that that much is conveyed by the tone of her voice.

Thankfully, Seijuurou believes her so he nods in resignation before grinning at her in a way that could only be achieved by one in the throes of the hell that is mid-terms week. She knows the feeling all too well and so stands up and settles for an empathic tap on his shoulder as she stops beside him before departing.

“Do you want to hang out after this week?” she asks, emboldened by the state her hectic schedule has reduced her mind to.

“Sure,” he replies, too spacey to even care that she was practically asking him out under the guise of calling it a hang out just like he did.

“I’ll see you around then. Good luck with your mid-terms!” she says as she turns to leave.

He returns the sentiment and goes back to his work.

.

.

.

The eighth time they meet again is way after mid-terms are over. They ran into each other a bunch more times in between, but only briefly like in hallways or when they were out with their own friends. Except for that one time after their exams, they never got the chance to really chat and hang out with just the two of them again. He didn’t invite her out and thus, neither did she.

This time, however, Gou is at the supermarket and she is on her tip-toes, trying to grab her favorite brand of cereal situated at the topmost shelf which is unfortunately too high for her.

As she tries once more to get to the blasted box, an arm reaches out and takes it. She spins around, ready to lash out at the person who dares to steal her box of cereal, when the all-too-recognizable grin has her swallowing back her words.

“Is this what you were reaching for?” he inquires as he hands her the product.

“I— Yes, it is. Thank you, Seijuurou-kun.”

“No problem at all. You’re really quite short, aren’t you?” He’s teasing her and she’s half-amused that he has this side to him as well, so she’s only half-offended by his quip.

Her playful pout makes him chuckle earnestly and he takes her basket in his hand to make up for it. She is startled by the disappearance of the weight she was holding on to and bashfully asks him to give it back, but he doesn’t give in and offers her his services rather gallantly.

“Ah, but… don’t you have your own grocery shopping to do?”

“I was only here for a loaf of bread,” he explains as he holds up said item.

“But my basket’s quite heavy. I wouldn’t want to bother you at all and—“

“Gou, I wouldn’t be offering if it were