64.” He hops off the counter, not realizing he had climbed up on it, and gets under the sink for his supplies.

 

Twenty minutes later he emerges from his bathroom that was spotless before but is now positively shining, freshly showered and in clean pajamas. ‘It isn’t too soon in our relationship, more like relationshit haha good one Levi, but seriously, maybe he just felt obligated ‘cause we’ve been … whatever we are for so long’ He rakes a hand through his damp hair and groans, “I am too goddamn old for this kind of shit!” He snatches the rest of his supplies from the cabinet and gets to work on the rest of his apartment.

By the time he’s done, the place reeks of bleach and artificial lemon and he feels like he needs another bath, but even his usual calming techniques are leaving him at sea. He’s half convinced himself that the whole exchange was just his imagination or that he had misheard him or that it was all an elaborate ruse.

Levi sits on the edge of his bed for a moment, considering maybe trying to sleep, but he knows sleep never comes when he gets like this. Maybe this is just one of those things that gets under his skin and winds him up, it was probably just a misunderstanding anyway.

Or maybe you only heard what you wanted to hear. A snide little voice from the back of his mind supplies.

Levi stands abruptly and snatches his tennis shoes from the closet. A quick walk will clear his head.

 

A two hour long run later and Levi is dragging his exhausted body over the threshold of his apartment dripping with sweat and wheezing, “Oh man, I gotta stop smoking.” he coughs haggardly, “That was a bad idea.” his coughing intensifies, “Oh my god.” but his mind is much calmer now and he feels like he might be able to sleep now.

He leaves his running shoes in a pile with his other ones by the door and staggers to the fridge, cracking open a cold bottled water and downing half its contents in one swing. He pulls back, gasping for air when his Fitbit chimes.

His Fitbit says he’s run his fastest mile yet and congratulates him.

His Fitbit was a birthday-Christmas present from Erwin.

Fuck!

Levi slams his drink onto the counter and stomps back into his bedroom, he grapples in his nightstand for a moment before emerging with a crumpled pack of cigarettes. So much for quitting. He opens the window and pulls his lighter from where he’s hidden it behind a potted plant and lights one up.

They’re old and stale but they’ll do the trick.

He sits and chain smokes them down to the filter and out the window until the pale sunlight starts to peek out from the horizon. Levi takes one last drag of his current smoke before squashing it in his aloe plant and tossing the butt out the window. Tenants weren’t supposed to smoke indoors, but who’s gonna snitch on him? He’s ten floors up.

He reaches into his pack for the next one only to find it empty. He groans and heaves himself off the floor towards the bathroom again. He reeks like Quik Shine, sweat and cigarettes and needs a shower. His muscles ache, he’s smoked himself sick and is dizzy from the binge of nicotine he’s become unaccustomed to but he finally feels sufficiently at ease.

He’s toweling off his wet hair when his phone chimes in yesterday’s pants.

 

“Message From: Erwin Smith Today,  7:27 AM

Good Morning Levi, hope you slept well :-)

A meeting with a client was rescheduled for lunchtime today, sorry. it’s been a while since we ordered in. why dont you come over after work and we’ll get pizza”

 

“Aw, fuck. . .” Levi blinks blearily at his phone, rubbing at his eye with his free hand, “I have to go to work like this.”

He texts back “Make it Chinese and you got yourself a deal”, plugs it in and throws himself diagonally across his bed and falls into a fitful sleep.

His alarm is blaring him awake thirty minutes later, he lifts his face from a puddle of his own drool and rolls off the bed and onto the floor.

“Work time.” He mutters into the hardwood. He does a single push up and collapses back onto the floor. He can probably skip this morning’s work out, anyway.

Levi stands, yawning, and casts aside the cool, wet towel from around his waist and pulls on whatever looks like it matches from his dresser. He pads into the kitchen to start the kettle and meanders back into the bathroom to assess the night’s damage in the mirror.

The dark circles under his eyes are more pronounced and he has the worst bedhead he’s ever seen on himself from sleeping with his hair wet but otherwise no worse for wear. He combs his hair back, brushes his teeth and double checks in the mirror to make sure he dressed like someone who slept the night before. By the