said to Harry, so Harry leaned in and kissed Draco on the cheek, before placing another kiss to the top of Draco’s belly. Draco was comfortable now with Harry’s platonic touching and kissing the baby.

            “Thank you,” Harry whispered and Draco smiled at him, before turning back to the games. Draco’s smiles were intoxicating and addictive and Harry found that he was living more and more each day for those smiles. It took a smack on the face from Teddy to stop Harry from drooling over the lingering smile.

            Later there was cake and food, which meant Harry could indulge in one of his new favorite pastimes: watching Draco eat. Being in the last trimester of his pregnancy, Draco ate a lot and frequently. There was something pleasing about bringing Draco a plate piled high with food and then watching him eat it all. Ice cream was probably Harry’s favorite thing to watch Draco eat, because of all of the licking involved, but cakes and puddings were high up on his list too. When something was really good, Draco’s eyes would roll back and the bliss was written on his face.

            After the food came the presents. Every witch there, and there were a lot of witches crammed into Molly’s living room, came with a large bag full of clothes. A few of them had boxes and there was even one very large box in the room, but mostly there were brightly colored bags tied with ribbons. Inside those bags turned out to be dozens of pieces of tiny girly clothes. There were nightgowns, dresses, little pink undershirts, and matching shoes, socks, bibs, and burp-cloths. And for some reason, the women cooed and looked adoringly at all this stuff.

            The large box was from George and Angelina. George wasn’t there, but he had paid for the gift Angelina picked out. Draco and Harry were the only wizards allowed, because of some unwritten rule that baby showers were for witches.

            Draco bent forward awkwardly to tear back the colorful paper and Harry worried he’d fall, but he didn’t. It was a pram and infant carseat set in a flowery pattern.

            Molly took one look at the pram and said, “Oh it’s perfect. If you two give your little girl a flower name, like your mothers had, then she’ll be a little flower riding around in a flowered pram.

            “Draco, have you decided on a name yet?” Cissy asked, organizing stacks of already opened gifts.

            “No and I was leaning towards the stars,” Draco replied.

            “Oh, like what dear?” Dromeda asked.

            “I like Lyra, Cassiopeia, and Carina,” Draco said with a shrug.

            “And what about you Harry? What would you name your daughter?” Cissy asked.

            Harry answered without thinking about it. The name just popped out of his mouth of its own volition. “Lily.” He looked at Draco expectantly, hoping that Draco might just like the name.

            “Lily…I’m allergic to Lilies; they make me sneeze,” Draco replied, biting his bottom lip with his perfectly straight bright white teeth. He had nice teeth, Harry thought.

            “It doesn’t matter what her name was, does it? Either way, it’s the name of a mudblood and no Malfoy would be caught dead naming their child after a mudblood,” Augusta Longbottom said angrily.

            “You take that back! That’s my great granddaughter’s grandmother you’re talking about!” Druella Black shouted back, getting in Augusta’s face.

            Augusta shouted her reply, “You have some nerve! Why it was your daughter Bellatrix who put my son in hospital for the rest of his life!”

            Harry didn’t know what to do about the two old ladies going at each other and he was worried that any moment now it was going to turn physical and someone was going to break a hip. He’d really had no idea these baby showers could turn violent. Molly had just described it as a bunch of middle aged women getting together to prattle on about how cute little dresses were.

            Luckily Ron and Neville arrived then to save the day. Neville stepped in between Madam Black and Madam Longbottom, while Ron watched from the doorway. Harry had seen them outside earlier, talking. Obviously Neville had come with his gran and went off with Ron, since wizards weren’t invited.

            “Gran! What do you think you’re doing? This is a baby shower not a boxing ring,” Neville said boldly; he’d really grown up in the last year or so. He was taller now too.

            “Neville, this woman is the mother of Bellatrix Lestrange, the woman who-” Neville cut Augusta off.

            “I know who Madam Black is, Gran, and my statement stands. This is a baby shower meant to celebrate that my friend Harry is having a baby. Madam Black is the other father’s gran, so she has a right to be here. Now I asked you to come and give Harry my gift for me, but if you