from Naruto. Do as you will, if you do not kill us first, it stated, and with that dismissal Naruto found his form drifting back and away from the cage of steel and rising toward consciousness again, to return to his own cage of wood.End Chapter Two.

Kakashi and Sasuke's first meeting begins poorly. Naruto is hauled into the Hidden Root's base and left to the mercy of Danzo Shimura, setting the stage for a confrontation.

Naruto blinked several times as he returned to consciousness, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes from the wind streaming into them. His heart still thumped quickly in his chest, but the near-panic that had consumed him earlier on was strangely calmer after his meeting with the Kyūbi. Perhaps knowing that he had a means of breaking free again was the difference.The cage shook and jostled around upon Yamato's shoulders as the older shinobi carted him through the dense foliage - far too much vibration to try and grasp the stillness required of nature chakra. I only need a few moments, he thought, forcefully exhaling and then inhaling slowly only to repeat the breathing exercise. It took more effort of will to simply slow his lungs down than he would have liked, and most of his body was beginning to protest against the unnatural shape he was contorted into now that he was aware enough to acknowledge the pain.He blinked again and closed his eyes. It was just too blurry for him to make out any kind of viable guess for where they were, or where they might be going. He couldn't even judge the shadows on the ground thanks to the current cloud cover blotting out the sun at the moment, leaving their direction as much a mystery as the rest.With nothing to do but wait for the opportunity, Naruto continued to work on his breathing and tried to ease the aches developing everywhere, and only then did he begin to think on what would happen when he could finally reach out and enter Sage Mode - and how to handle a confrontation with Danzō Shimura when he did.



----------------------------------------------

"There you are." Kakashi stated as he finally entered the training ground clearing, mildly put out that it had taken so long to find his potential-charge.Sasuke was still standing in place with a contemplative expression on his dark features, and he turned toward the elder shinobi but said nothing as he was approached. Unlike the orange-clad idiot he had seen wrapped up and carried away earlier, he kept his guard up and reached for one of the kunai at his back cautiously.Kakashi noticed the reaction and slowed, raising his hands in a showing of peace. "Calm down," he said softly. Sasuke eyeballed him and took a step back, sliding into a fighting stance he had learned before from his brot- that man, he corrected himself, who had killed his entire family.Kakashi did not like how this was starting off."Relax, Uchiha. I'm not here to fight you." He said.Sasuke tensed at his last name and gripped the kunai tighter, mistrust clear in his eyes.The Jōnin sighed and slowly drew back the hitai-ate over his left-eye, opening it up and displaying the red energy and trio of black tomoe therein.Sasuke let out a shout at seeing the Sharingan again so soon after the destruction of his entire family and the arm holding the kunai began to tremble. He wanted to turn and look away with every passing moment, but a paralyzed numbness swept through his body as if trapped.M.. move... move! He struggled to pull his thoughts together as the events of that night half a year ago flooded the forefront of his mind; so much blood, his parents slumped over beside the table with glassy black eyes, and his brother calmly stepping forward to finish the job... Sasuke's whole body shook, staring up at the man across from him and seeing only those swirling red eyes.Kakashi felt even more mystified than before over this reaction to what he had thought might be a comforting sight. What exactly am I doing wrong here? He silently asked, frowning when the boy's grip slackened from his shaking - that kunai was in imminent danger of dropping and digging into his toes.Something is definitely amiss. Making up his mind and striding forward, Kakashi watched as the motions seemed to stir the last Uchiha's body into action. Desperation suffused the angles of Sasuke's face, and with only a foot of distance separating them the boy abruptly lurched; his fingers clenched down and then the kunai was thrown with as much force and accuracy as he could, and even as his arm was descending he pivoted on one foot and turned to race off in the other direction.Kakashi caught the object in mid-motion with one hand and dashed forward, slipping past and then turning to catch the child by the shoulders with his other arm, and dropping down to one knee all in the process of just seconds. "What troubles you so?" He questioned in a quiet, calm tone.Sasuke trembled violently in his grip and managed a low snarl, glaring at the Sharingan with a look of