then there's no reason for jaebum to be suspicious of him. sadly though bambam has a limit, and after dealing with all of the previous events of the past two days, not even he can pretend nothings is going on anymore. 

they're back in the green room, waiting for the go ahead so they can finally leave and bambam can feel the stares of not just one pair of eyes, but three. he doesn't need to think very hard about who the other two pair of eyes belongs to (and not just because yugyeom's gone to the bathroom and youngjae knocked out the second he sat on the sofa). ignoring the stares of his hyungs, bambam turns to the only person he can rely on right now. 

"jinyoungie-hyung~," bambam pouts and tries to make himself look as pitiful as possible (which wasn't all that hard, shockingly). 

jinyoung looks up from where he 's sitting across the room playing on his phone in a lone chair, and bambam doesn't even have to pull out the big guns (he had been definitely ready to use his huge eyes and maybe even shed a few tears. who needs their dignity anymore? not bambam) because he apparently looked bad enough for jinyoung to immediately rush over to him. bambam doesn't need to look over at the eyes staring at him to know that jaebum is probably raising his eyebrows at them the same way he does every time he feels that jinyoung is siding with the kids over him. not that there are even sides to be taking in this situation because bambam hasn't done anything (well, anything that jaebum knows about). 

"bambam," jinyoung says, dark eyes scanning bambam's features intently, "are you sick? you look pale to me."

bambam thinks that might be because of the make-up the stylist-noona's put on him earlier (that he somehow didn't nervous sweat off from... earlier), but he's not going to tell jinyoung that. 

jinyoung hums, concerned as he brushes the red strands of dyed hair from bambam's forehead and places his palm there, "you do feel warm.." 

he would add a meek cough or something but bambam feels like that might be over playing it, so he just sits there and stares up at jinyoung with wide, sad eyes. "aish, bam-ah. you can't be getting sick, we still have schedules for the rest of the week," jinyoung sighs. 

"sorry, hyung," he frowns and jinyoung huffs, rolling his eyes. the older male pats bambam's cheek fondly and settles into the space on the couch beside him, pulling his head down onto his lap. bambam doesn't resist and lets himself be babied as he rests his head on jinyoung's thighs, toeing of his heeled boots and tucking his knees under his chin. jinyoung coos, racking his fingers through bambam's styled locks, "don't apologize, you fool. you can't help being sick, bammie." 

he should probably feel bad for basically lying to his hyung but bambam can't bring himself to care, it's been a stressful few days and its always nice to have jinyoung mother him (not that he would ever say that to jinyoung in fear of being roasted about it). sometimes bambam thinks that jinyoung gets more enjoyment out of looking after everyone than anyone else, he's always running around and making sure everything's in order and that the members are okay -different to what jaebum has to do as the leader but also similar and bambam wonders if they all give jinyoung enough credit for what he does for the band. 

jinyoung's nails scratch lightly against his scalp and bambam sighs happily, eyes slipping shut. he wasn't that tired before he lay down (unless you count emotional exhaustion), but he can feel sleep pulling at his senses with each scratch of jinyoung's fingertips. 

"go to sleep, bambam, we still have a few minutes to wait," jinyoung's voice drifts into his consciousness. he hums in agreement and with intense stares of two pairs of eyes one him (jaebum must have given up after jinyoung's 'i am your mom' act came out) bambam manages to drift off. 

 


                                                             


 

when bambam comes to next he has no idea where he is. that might be because he hasn't opened his eyes yet, but that's beside the point. it takes him a few moments to comprehend it, but bambam is pretty sure that there is a hand slipping under his shirt and stroking the sensitive skin of his stomach. he makes a confused yet not completely negative noise, keeping his eyes closed as he shifts on the couch beneath him. his head is still resting against someone's legs and for some reason bambam doesn't think those are jinyoung's thighs. 

he's not sure how long he's been asleep for, he can't hear youngjae's snoring in the back or any indication of the other members being in the room- other than the two people