to be due at the same time in university he didn’t know. He was just finishing up an essay when the couch suddenly tipped back and the noise that came out of his mouth was very nearly a scream. He twisted to look behind at the back of the couch. There was now a lanky guy hanging over it and looking at him curiously. 

“I thought…? But the room…? Why are you? Where did you come from?” Onoda finally managed to sputter out a full sentence.

“I was having a nap, classes are exhausting.” The boy smiled and Onoda found himself smiling back for a moment before he remembered he was supposed to be mad at him. He leaned his cheek on one hand and continued to stare at Onoda, his very nearly blue hair was long enough that the locks that hung in his face nearly covered it. His entire aura just seemed sleepy. 

“Why were you sleeping behind the couch?” Onoda said after a pause that he knew had been far to long while they’d just examined each other. 

The boy just shrugged, it was an oddly slow shrug as if he possibly didn’t want to put in that much effort. “Your music woke me up.”

Onoda felt a blush creep up his face, until he’d mentioned it Onoda had forgotten he was playing the Love Hime soundtrack. This time he didn’t manage to say a proper sentence. He stuttered out a couple half apologies before pausing the music and sinking into the couch. If it was possible to actually disappear into the couch he might have tried that. As it was he just hid his face in his hands and hoped the other boy would just leave before he did something even more embarrassing.

“You didn’t have to pause it.” The couch shifted again and Onoda felt something poke his shoulder. When he peeked out from behind his hands he saw that the boy was now sitting, or possibly laying, beside him on the couch. He’d apparently slid over the back of the couch. 

“I, uh, most people aren’t exactly fans of anime music…” Onoda mumbled still not moving his hands.

“Do you ride bikes?” The boy asked and Onoda blinked at him hands dropping from his face. His embarrassment replaced by the confusion caused by the abrupt subject change. “You seem like you might race, if so you should race me. I’m a climber.”

“I, uh, yeah I raced in high school.” Onoda nodded slightly. “I was a climber too, haven’t raced in a while but I still bike around campus.”

“We should race sometime! There’s a few good hills around here!” The other boy was grinning now all traces of sleepiness gone from his aura. 

“I, yeah sure.” Onoda nodded. He hadn’t raced in ages but it could be fun, riding with someone  again. “I’m Onoda Sakamichi.”

“Manami Sangaku.” Manami grinned at him. “Nice to meet you Sakamichi!”

“Nice to meet you too.” Onoda found himself grinning back. Maybe he could have friends in University too, or more friends at least. 

Just then a high pitched beeping noise came from Manami’s pocket and he pulled out a phone. He winced slightly as he read whatever the message was. “Oops, I’ve missed classes again. I’ll be late for practice too if I don’t hurry.”

“Oh. You should probably go then.”  Onoda nodded then looked down in surprise as Manami passed him his phone. 

“Put your number in there.” Manami explained when he looked up in confusion. “That way I can let you know when I’m free to race with you Sakamichi!”

Onoda smiled as he put in his number then handed it to Manami. “I’ll text you!” The words were thrown over his shoulder as Manami rushed out of the room with more focus than Onoda had seen him display since he woke up. 

[Hello Sakamichi! This way you will know who is messaging you when I text you!]

Onoda blinked down at his phone for a moment after the message came in before setting up the contact info. 

It took a few days before he figured out that he had in fact heard of Manami before, he was one of the starters on the biking team at the university. People were calling him a climbing prodigy and all sorts of other things. He’d apparently won a great many races in high school. Onoda grinned when he figured it out despite the fact that the time he’d heard the name before was when Imaizumi had been complaining about him. Though Onoda couldn’t remember exactly what his issue with Manami had been. As far as Onoda was concerned though Manami was seeming more and more like someone who would be a lot of fun to ride with. Onoda was still looking at the biking club poster when his phone buzzed.

[Classes are making me fall asleep again :( Want to race?] 

 [Where do you want to start?] Onoda grinned down at his phone, it was a good thing