and puts his arms out, hoping with all his tired soul the brunette will take him in his arms. 

To Jean’s surprise the brunette held open his arms and Jean tucked himself right in there. He held onto this boy and was reminded how nice being with someone was. The brunette adjusted himself to reach Jean’s  ear and he could feel his warm breath touched his neck. He could feel the goosebumps through his long sleeve. “I’m sorry, but who are you?” the brunette whispered before pulling away from Jean; he rubbed under his nose and smiled apologetically.

Jean tried to ease the chills on his neck and laughed, albeit nervously but the brunette had freckles and was really really cute up close too. Jean held up his hand, twisting himself in front of the people that were watching him and the brunette. “I gotta show you something on my phone I found.” Jean typed out a quick message, hoping the people behind him would turn their attention elsewhere soon. Jean turned his phone around to the brunette and smiled behind it.
I’m sorry I did all that, personal space stuff I just got behind on time and my friends suck and I would have died if I had to be in that line; it’s wrapped around the building you know? But yeah the only thing I could think of was pretending u were my boyfriend. If you want to pretend break up with me or whatever to get me to leave I understand
But it would be cool if you didn’t so I could get this game for my cousin so he’s think I was the coolest one of all my older cousins. I’ll buy you food or something after.
I’m Jean by the way

Jean added his name quickly as an after thought and gave the phone to the cute freckled brunette. ‘Smile, Jean’ he thought to himself, ‘don’t look like you’re ready to kill someone.’ He nodded along like this was the most important thing he’s come across in a while, then he starts typing himself. Jean turned to look into the game store, the lights kicked on; maybe they were just about ready. “Jean?” The freckled brunette spoke allowed and leaned down towards Jean, “did I say that right?” Jean nodded dumbly and took the phone back. 

Hi Jean :)
That sounds like a lot of people, I totally understand why you wouldn’t want to wait in line, it sounds nuts! I don’t think I could say no to having a pretend boyfriend for the night, all my other friends stopped texting me a half hour ago so I’d love to chat if you’re for it? You don’t have to buy me anything, just company is good enough for me. o:) 

-Marco Bodt

“Did you just halo emoji me, Marco Bodt?” Once Jean was finished reading he looked up to the now named freckled brunette. He gained some of his swagger back once Marco smiled at him. 

Marco laughed and nudged my arm. “I am the saint that saved your spot even though you had me waiting all night!” 

“I know, I know sorry again. It’s just been a long day.” 

Marco nodded, “you’re right. Which cousin was it again?”

Jean shook his head, he kept gravitating towards the radiant smile on Marco’s face, the Icarus effect he thought solemnly. “Ah my god son, I guess. He-we never did the church thing so it was never official. He was the first of the baby cousins though so everyone wants to be on his good grace. It’s his birthday tomorrow.” 

“Sounds a lot like Dani, my youngest sibling” Marco seemed to be following my eyes towards the store, people were starting to crowd, looking at me again, “they have so many admirers, they love everyone one really. But you put their significant others in front of them it’s all over. Got a melted danish on your hands.” 

Jean smirked and planted his feet firmly in place, taking Marco’s hand. “We’re pretty close to them opening up.” Jean averted eye contact, hoping on everything Marco would be cool and just hold his hand. 

“We’re about ten minutes out now.” Marco squeezed Jean’s hand, “do you just want to get in and get out?” 

Jean turned around to check out the crowd, “in and out.” 

--

They did just that, they got in, grabbed two copies of the game and went to the closest open clerk; completely ignoring the table set up for the game to be played and complimentary wristbands they’re going to have plenty left over to get again tomorrow.

“Paying together or separate?”

“Together.” Jean said.

“Separate,” Marco interjected.

“You’re not letting me pay for food, let me get this for you.” Jean stepped in front of Marco and insisted the clerk to scan both quickly so he could swipe his card. The games were slipped into the same bag