guy said pulling out of me. I felt a sharp pain in my leg. "Maybe I'll make you bleed out huh?" The knife went deeper. I cried out in pain. "Oh, so it speaks?" The guy laughed. "Your master gave me two hours with you. Let's see how much you can take." He said.

All I felt was pain, the men around me were laughing. My blood flowing out through the cuts the belt and knife gave me. I didn't understand, how could people be this cruel? Why?

"Okay that's enough. Give me my money." The old man said stepping into the room. "Sure, you should bring your slut more often. He's a real charmer to have around." The guy said.

"We'll see. Get up! You have things to do!" The pervert yelled at me.

My legs felt like jello as I stood. "Oh? You can move. Next time I won't be gentle." The guy said smiling wickedly. I slid on my shirt and pulled my pants up. I winced as my bare foot stepped on glass.

 

As soon as we got home the perverted man pushed me outside. "Do the garden and I'll see if you'll get a award." He laughed puffing out smoke from his cigarette. I winced as I walked down the steps. The door closed and I grabbed the garden gloves, my hands shaking.

A howled could be heard. I smiled softy knowing it was the gray wolf that always came to visit me. It's been two months since I met the wolf. Seeing the gray haired animal always made me feel happy. I shooked the thoughts away and began to dig out weeds.

After awhile a felt a nudge against my side. I winced and saw the wolf looking at me with concerned eyes. I smiled and patted the wolf's head. "Hi!"

I talked to the wolf before I stood up to get the watering can. I felt the wolf's nose nudge my leg. I frozed, "Sorry do I smell weird?" I asked tears forming in my eyes. Why was I crying now? I haven't cried in years! This wasn't new to me! It's my everyday life! This shouldn't be new. I finally let out a sob and fell to the floor.

The wolf whined and layed it's head on my lap. I couldn't see anything through the tears that were falling down. "I'm sorry. You think I'm weak huh? It's just that, I think I've finally cracked. I'm done. Do you know how to kill an angel? I want the pain to be gone!"

"I want him to stop, I want them to stop. I don't want to go back to the brothel. I feel so dirty when I leave. I can't get their fingers off of me. I can't scrub my skin hard enough. I always remember their touches. I feel so disgusting." I cried into the wolf's fur.

The wolf growled and I felt hands grab at me. "You little bitch!" The old perverted man yelled as he threw me on the ground. "You've been talking with a demon?!" He shouted.

Demon? What is he talking about? I felt blood trickle down my head. Did he really throw me that hard? I could hear the old man shouting at me, yelling curses and throwing insults. However I couldn't hear anything, my ears were plugged and my vision was fading.

I felt a powerful aura around me. My breath hitched and I turned and saw the gray wolf turn into a human. Human? Why is a human here? Wait...A demon?

I struggled to keep my eyes open as I watched the wolf turn to a demon. He had sliver hair with ocean blue eyes. He was taller than the old man and me. His eyes swept across me with a fondness before going back to the old man. The sliver haired guy shot an icy cold glare at the perverted man.

"W-what? You're one of the demon kings!" The man shouted. My eyes finally gave out and I fainted, my head didn't land on the ground. And it felt like someone was holding me.

 

 

When I woke up I was laying in a bed with the covers to my chin. I blinked as I saw a red colored ceiling. With a groan I got up and noticed that I wasn't wearing my ragged clothes. Instead I was in a soft cotton long sleeve t-shirt. Where am I?

Did the pervert sell me? I looked around the room. It was a dark red color with black curtains. The bed I was in was white with black sheets. Nothing else was in the room expect a door.

Suddenly the door clicked open and a tall man stepped into the room. "You