. Clearly no sensible person would have kept pushing along the route in the teeth of the storm. And yet…

“I have an idea,” says Boyce slowly.

“Well, that’s more than anyone else does at this point,” replies Gool. “But no one is getting a word in edgeways with the Admiral bellowing like that.”

Boyce takes a deep breath, and then pushes his way into the command room. The Admiral is in the middle of a lengthy rant, demanding the search team go back over the ground they’ve already covered and do it properly this time. The sullen faces watching show little enthusiasm for his leadership.

“Admiral Pike, sir,” Boyce interrupts. “I’m Doctor Boyce. I think we’re all underestimating Cadet Pike. You should refocus the search. Send a team to the end of the course and have them work their way back along it. I think your son may have pushed on through the storm and got far further than anyone has allowed for.”

Boyce finds himself pinned by a laser-like glare. The Admiral has all of young Pike’s arrogance with none of the boy’s beauty. That must have come from his mother. “You know my son,” barks Pike senior.

“Yes sir,” lies Boyce.

“Well, it’s more of an idea that any of these morons have come up with. You,“ he turns on Gool, “get a tiltrotor in the air. Doctor. You’re on board. And I’m leading the search.”

Gool turns frantic eyes on Boyce behind Pike’s back. “Fuck no,” she mouths, “get rid of him!”

Boyce takes yet another deep breath. “Sir, may I have a word?” He takes the Admiral gingerly by the arm and steers him to a corner of the room. “It is not appropriate to have you on the search, sir.” He talks on over the man’s attempt at an indignant rebuttal. “Dammit man, think! You can’t lead this mission. You’re emotionally compromised. And besides, how do you think your son is going to feel about being rescued by daddy?” The Admiral freezes. Bulls eye, thinks Boyce, and wonders when last Chris Pike went home for Christmas. “Let the professionals do their job, sir.” And we don’t need you there if we find a body, Boyce thinks. After a long moment, the Admiral gives him a single curt nod.

Boyce grabs Gool and gets out of the room before Josh Pike rethinks his position. Within the hour, they are flying over a maze of sandstone canyons, rocky mountainsides and shifting sand dunes. The heat is relentless, making the landscape a shimmering haze below them. The air is still filled with fine dust which they strain to peer through. The distance they have to cover to reach the end of the set course is intimidating.

Boyce finds himself second-guessing his hunch when he realizes how far they’ve gone. There is no way the cadet could have got this far. “A needle in a haystack has nothing on this,” mutters Gool. She swings the tiltrotor round the hilltop that is the finish point and begins to trace a way back, flying low along the desert floor following the most direct route a cadet might have taken.

“There! In the shade of the canyon.” Boyce spots the small figure stumbling clumsily along the dry river bed below them. Gool brings the tiltrotor round in a graceful arc and lands it well away from the youth, so as not to suffocate him in sand. Boyce grabs his medical kit and together they walk back towards Pike.

As they approach, Boyce does a visual survey. The young man is coated in sand, his lush blond hair plastered against his head, lank with sweat and dark with dirt. He’s noticeably thinner, as much as fifteen pounds lighter. His golden skin is sallow and crumpled with dehydration. Trickles of dry blood encrusted in sand form a filigree across the side of his face, shoulder and right arm. His uniform is half shredded and he is limping badly. Yet he does not stop, continuing to stagger unsteadily towards them. And he is clearly not pleased to see them.

“What the fuck d’you want? I’m nearly done. Only a few miles to go. I’ll be finished in an hour or two. I don’t need a fucking evacuation. I’m in front. I must be. I can’t stop now.”

Boyce and Gool both gawk at him. “Cadet, have you any idea what’s been going on in the last few days?” asks the pilot.

“Yeah, there was a sand storm. So what? Don’t tell me the cowards have cancelled the exercise?”

“Cowards? Fuck you, Pike,” snaps Boyce. “Two cadets are dead. The exercise was terminated days ago. We’ve been searching for four days and for you alone for the last 48 hours.” The doctor is running a tricorder over Pike as he