five on Monday, his boss knew he was woken about an hour ago. If he had a hangover, he showed no signs of it, he never did. In fact, the blond was dressed as impeccably as always. But that was simply another way to hide himself.

Ace didn’t ask Kai is he was alright, didn’t ask how his night was, how he slept, since they both knew the answers to every single one of those questions. You don’t purposefully bring up a sore subject. Not with Kai.

However, this was Ace, and she could skirt around it.

“Do you really think you are up for work tonight?” The honest question was met with a scowl and a tired gaze that gave away Kai’s current state of mind.

“I’m fine.”

No, he wasn’t. Ace knew that, and Kai sure as hell did.

“Kai—“

“No, I need to work,” he began, the small about of resolution he had snapping. “If I don’t, I’ll sit at home and fester in my own emotions, drink and who knows? Maybe I’ll—“

“Kai—“

“—sell myself again, right? Is that what you’re worried about? That I’ll throw everything away again? Or maybe I won’t even care about the money, who cares! I won’t be sober. In fact, why not—“

A glass shattered on the floor.

It was no accident. Ace hardly dropped it, in reality, she threw it hard against the tile behind the bar. Kai was silent, his angered expression melting into that of a child about to be chastised. The worst part was, Ace didn’t look angry. She looked concerned, crushed, like she was about to cry.

“Ace, I’m—“ Kai started in a weak voice, the other’s expression causing a break in his voice. Ace interrupted him.

“Back room,” she said simply. It was not a question. Her bartender nodded solemnly and obeyed.

Kai pushed open the door, the sickening nervous feeling blossoming in his chest like a mix of anxiety before a roller coaster and trying to hold back tears. Of course, the choking sensation in his throat accompanied the overwhelming guilt.

Unfortunately, Xander and their guards were in the room, but one look at Kai  rought them all to their feet and propelled them out of the door he came in. They knew the feeling well. Upsetting Ace was like upsetting a mother—something you just didn’t do.

He waited in silence on the white couch against the wall, knees tight together and hands pressed into the tops of his thighs. Kai focused on one of the many plants his boss had in the room, specifically the bouncy succulent on the coffee table in front of him. He couldn’t tell exactly what kind it was, but it was round and sprouted outwards in what was no doubt a Fibonacci pattern. It was dark green, the pot was red, and Ace fondly referred to him as ‘Henry’.

Henry didn’t understand self-deprecation. Henry was lucky.

 

Kai, on the other hand, felt severe guilt for lashing out at that. At Ace, for Christ’s sake.

For putting some fucked up form of blame on her after all she’s done. For making her feel like shit when it was he who was the disappointment.

 Ace shut the door softly behind her. Kai didn’t look up, keeping his gaze locked on Henry, even as his boss sat in one of the armchairs opposite the couch. He could feel her gray eyes on him, searched desperately in his peripheral for disappointment and hating himself more when none was found.

“It’s been four months.”

“I know.”

“Do you want to lose that?”

“Sometimes.”

“Do you want to lose that, Kai?”

He could feel her stare, his heart crumbling at the crack in her voice and the heaviness of her accent. His own followed, an octave too high.

“No.”

And it comes down.

“But I can’t—I can’t help it, Ace, I don’t know what to do, it’s just—it’s just so fucking hard, and it’s either drink, sell, or die, and at least selling gets me something for the agony.” He didn’t cry as he rambled, that would be weak. His shoulders shook, face buried in his hands.

Ace moved to his side. She wrapped an arm around him as one might a little brother. Kai leaned into her touch and she pulled him close, rubbing his shoulder affectionately. In response, she got a pathetic sigh that would be another person’s sob.

“You don’t want to let Him influence you,” she began, stabilized voice barely above a whisper and her accent reminding Kai of five years of gentle words and family-like Cuban dinners, warm apartments and only the beginning of recovery. “