was the last place on Earth I wanted to be. I mean, why go to the movie theater if you're not going to watch movies? I felt myself being pulled in one direction and I came face to face with Val.

"Hi," I yawned. "So what's the scoop?"

She sighed, her eyes shooting up to the ceiling in exasperation. "Honestly Em, do you ever pay attention?"

"Val, it's summer. Expecting me to pay attention in this heat is like trying to get me to hate Robert Downey Jr, it's just not done."

That got a smile out of my other blonde-haired friend and I gave her a small one back. Maybe this wasn’t going to be the worst thing ever, after all.  I opened my mouth to say something, but Pandora interrupted the two of us.

"Guys," she whined. "What are you doing? We're supposed to be working!"

I raised both of my eyebrows this time.  This was not what I had signed up for. Val nodded in agreement with the soon to be sophomore. "She's right," Val replied instantly. "Let's get to work."

"Let's not," I retorted, although I didn't protest outwardly as my two friends dragged me in the direction of an empty theater. Pandora immediately grabbed the broom and handed the mop to Val. Val glared at Pandora and I sighed, feeling a pointless argument coming on.

"Again?" Val shouted. "You give me the mop every time we do community service! I just can't take this anymore! Why do you always have to take the easy way out Pandora?"

Pandora shrugged. "Why not?  I’m always successful at it."

"No you most certainly are not!" Val exclaimed, throwing her hands in the air. "You just keep going on, thinking only of yourself, and you always forget that I’m here too! I have feelings! Like, what the heck Pandora?!"

"Hell," I corrected, plopping myself on the ground. "You need to learn how to swear."

Val ignored me and kept reaming Pandora. "And another thing, you're really pissing me off today. I mean, it's worse than usual. You've made fun of my lipstick, my outfit, the way I did my hair, my glitter collection -"

"Wait," I interrupted. "You have a glitter collection?"

Pandora laughed, "My reaction exactly."

This, however, only got Val angrier and I grimaced, my brilliant plan of using humor to diffuse the situation failing miserably.

“It’s a proven meditation technique, not just glitter!” Val screamed, and threw her mop to the side, where it hit the wall and snapped in two in her hand. I couldn’t help but snort at that; this theatre really had invested in some high quality supplies hadn’t they?

Pandora just stalked off in a different direction with her broom, leaving me laying on the floor and Val with a half-broken mop in her hand.

"You get back here!" Val cried and ran after my red-headed friend.

I yawned and stretched my arms over my head, preparing myself for a nap. After all, no one else was in the theater and I doubt that anyone would care anyway. I closed my eyes for a second before a screech split the air. When I realized it was only Pandora, I rolled my eyes and clambered on top of the nearest theater chair. She was always big with the theatrics. Upon sitting back, I felt a breeze stir the hairs on the back of my arms and I shivered slightly.  It didn’t bother me for a few moments until I realized what had just occurred.  I jumped to my feet, my hair rising once more for a different reason.  There were no windows in here, so there shouldn’t have been any breeze.

As I sauntered back to the front of the theater, I had a bad feeling that wasn't just reluctance to start cleaning. I narrowed my eyes at the wind that was growing stronger as I got closer to the screen.  Before I could think about how the wind seemed to be coming from the movie screen, something hit me. Literally and figuratively. As I peeled the piece of paper from the back of my head, I read the two words at the top of the paper and things began to make sense. The Avengers. That's the movie that was playing in here before and another showing was going to start any minute.  After all, it was the summer of 2012 and the superhero movie was still at the top of the charts.

I noticed Val and Pandora still fighting towards the end of the theater and I jogged over to them. "Guys!" I exclaimed, waving my hands in the air. "Stop it!" I shoved myself between them but they kept pushing each other, and me this time, around the theater.

"Tell your friend to stop being