offered to walk Daryl home. Stood there on the wooden porch Rick shared his first kiss with 

his 

Daryl. It had left them both breathless and again made Daryl look at him with curious eyes, like whatever was happening between them was on the tip of his tongue but he couldn't quite explain why or how he felt the way he did.


Rick felt whole again. Part of him had been missing that he never knew he needed until it had been taken away from him. But stood kissing Daryl was like coming home, a silent promise that the other world was the world that was also destined for him. He was going to have the perfect boyfriend who loved his kids and his kids loved back.






***







“Daryl?” 


“I know this might come as a shock to you and it's important to me that you are okay with this and okay with him. I get that Judy is too young to completely understand but Carl-”

“I'm okay with it Dad. When did you meet him?”

Rick was slightly taken back. It hadn't been long since he had began to rebuild his relationship with his son, but for him to be seemingly unfazed by Rick's revelation of being gay and having a new boyfriend was confusing for him. The young teen had only recently forgiven him for his mother's death, he had expected a big fight about how Rick never cared about Lori. But it never came.

“We met at the park, around a month ago.” Rick gave a short answer, still treading lightly in case Carl decided that he wasn't okay with his Father's new relationship.

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah, why would I lie about that?” Rick was getting more confused, he didn't understand the calm attitude or the questioning.

“You've mentioned him before. Maybe a couple months ago.”

Rick thought back, he had never told his children about his strange journey to another dimension, he didn't want them to think he was losing it anymore than they probably thought he had at the time.

Carl could see in his Father's eyes that he was trying to figure out when he had mentioned Daryl.

“The day you broke down. In the kitchen, you asked where Daryl was.” Carl watched as his Father went slightly pale.

“Well, as long as you're okay with this.”

 

 


***







Rick didn't leave it too long to introduce Daryl to his children. If it had been any other person he would have waited a long time before getting them involved with his children, but Rick couldn't deny himself any longer of the life he wanted to lead with Daryl. And for the most part, Daryl was going along with it, only a handful of times having to warm Rick that things were going to fast. 


When Rick had thrown out the idea of meeting his children Daryl had taken it well, saying that he would love to meet them. Quickly Rick had a table for four booked in at a local restaurant, not wanting to waste any time.

When they arrived Rick had told Carl and Judith to be on their best behaviour, wanting Daryl to feel at ease with them. Once they had all seated and orders had been taken the table fell into small talk and pleasantries of trying to get to know one another.

“Daryl, when did you meet my Dad?” Carl asked poking at his food with his fork, less interested in eating and more interested in the answer to his question.

“Not too long back. Maybe just over a month ago, at the park.” Daryl answered the question as though it was any other question, but Rick at the side of him had frozen, to scared to say anything that would compromise himself but also afraid of what Carl was going to say.

“Oh. My Dad said that too. Only he mentioned you to me before then. I thought maybe he was lying to me.”

“He mentioned me before he even met me?” Rick could feel his heart was going a mile a minute. He had no idea how to explain knowing Daryl before he had actually met him without sounding like a crazy man or a stalker. Or both.

“Yeah. He asked me where you were one morning, like it would be normal for you to just be hanging around the house.”

“Carl! You must have got yourself mixed up. I couldn't have possibly known Daryl before I met him!” Rick chastised, wanting to quickly leave the subject alone. Carl recognised his Father's tone and left any follow up questions or statements at bay. Daryl, however, had his eyes narrowed, looking between father and son, telling Rick with his eyes that the conversation was far from over.

The rest of the dinner followed in idle chatter and nonsense, the mystery around Rick knowing Daryl before they had met not ruining the evening for all of them. Rick was glad that Daryl and his children had gotten along, but he couldn't help but love the way that Daryl had been completely smitten by Judith. He could see that he was