darling”

They kissed and smiled and kissed again, without breaking the kiss they walked to Magnus’ room.

Alec was eager indeed and with his gear and equipment he felt he had too much clothes. He was going to say something when he felt the now familiar touch of magic taking off his clothes. He chuckled and then pulled Magnus to bed on top of him.

“I love you Magnus” he whispered.

“I love you Alexander” and then they made love.

 

--___________--

They were in each other’s arms an Alec couldn’t keep quiet, he wanted to ask, but he didn’t know how.

“Magnus…” the warlock noticed the nervousness in Alec’s voice.

“Yes, love?”

“Did you like it?” Alec couldn’t help but blush, he felt his cheeks getting red. Magnus on the other hand was surprised by the question, he turned his face to see Alec, he wanted to make sure he understood.

“I loved it, and I love you. What is all this coming from?” if it was even possible Alec blushed more.

“Beca…, do you.., the first…” Alec took a deep breath and Magnus felt even more curious “The first time, our first time…your eyes changed, why they don’t change now?

Magnus whole body changed, he was tense and wary. Alec didn’t want that. “Why are you asking this?”

“Because that time you said you lost control, but now…are you … losing interest…in me?” Magnus relaxed and laughed at that, how could Alec think that?

“Alexander, let me assure you that it’s quite the opposite” –Magnus saw the nervousness and insecurity in Alec. He actually though he could get bored of him - “I love you and I miss you all the time. I just have a stronger glamour, it has nothing to do with you” he kissed him.

“But, why use the glamour at all?” –Magnus was wary again, he didn’t know how to explain this, his eyes were his demon mark he hide them because he was ashamed of what they represented. Alec read his lover’s expression, he looked vulnerable which was weird because Magnus was powerful and confident all the time. Alec put one hand under Magnus’ chin to make him face up and the other in his cheek. Then he looked him in the eyes. “Magnus, I love you, you don’t have to hide from me. You are beautiful, you are gorgeous and I love your eyes” –Magnus hesitated, he was scared- “You don’t have to show me if you don’t want to. I just wanted you to know that you can” Alec kissed him, it was soft, warm and slow he wanted to make Magnus sure it was alright.

“I glamour my eyes because…I don’t want you to see me as a demon. My eyes they are prove of my descent and I don’t like it. I don’t want you to be scared of me Alexander”

Alec couldn’t believe that, what could have possibly made Magnus so afraid of being himself “Magnus, I love you, all of you, eyes included. I know you have demon blood, but that’s all that it is, blood. It doesn’t make you less human. You are beautiful, generous, wise, honorable, open-hearted, charming, brave, assertive, and I could go on and on” –Magnus had a small smile- “Plus, you have a killer body and a wonderful smile”

Magnus didn’t know what got over him, maybe it was being so close to his love, maybe it was Alec’s word because his shadowhunter was so straightforward and he knew all that he said came from his heart. They were inches close, looking into each other’s eyes and Magnus dropped the glamour just for a few seconds and then brown eyes again.

“Are you testing me?... I’m not afraid of you Magnus.- he started caressing Magnus' cheek- Your eyes, they remind me of a cat”

It was a test to see Alec reaction. Magnus wan't sure what he was expecting but he was glad that Alec didn’t flinch or get scared, he just looked him the same as before.

“Maybe” Magnus said hesitantly and then he dropped the glamour again. He felt exposed, no one of his lovers have accepted so openly his warlock mark.

Many years ago he used to have his eyes without a glamour in his house, he felt safe and he had nothing to hide. Camille had destroyed even that little comfort more than a century ago. She used to criticize him, made him feel less, she wouldn’t let him touch her. After her Magnus had a glamour on his eyes all the time, keeping control and hiding that part of him. Afraid that people would leave him or fear him. Alec was the complete opposite, he accepted Magnus by