Today is about getting you down to subspace and keeping you there long enough to rejuvenate you a bit. I’m not going to get there by traditional means. I’m just going to take your avenues of escape away until all you can do is submit. I’ve already taken away your voice. Soon, when you’re calmer, I’ll take away your hearing. Then, I’ll give you so much sensation you won’t be able to think, only to accept. And then we’ll stay there for an hour or so. Nod if you understand.”

Jim nodded apprehensively. This wasn’t really the type of submission he was used to. He was used to being shoved into walls, tied down, fucked hard, sometimes spanked or clamped. This slow, seductive trap had him feeling boxed in, herded somewhere he’d never been with a top. 

“Tell me what you’re thinking. You may speak.”

“I’m wondering why Doctor McCoy picked this, and you to do it,” Jim replied quietly. Speaking loudly felt sacrilegious, somehow. 

Jim could hear the smile in Giotto’s voice, “Well, he probably picked me because he felt like you needed this experience, and this is the type of domination I specialize in,” Giotto moved to stand between Kirk’s legs, slowly stroking up and down his thighs, “Doctor McCoy sends submissives to me who, for lack of a better way to put it, haven’t been respecting their own submission. They seek out hurried, harsh encounters with Doms who want to swing their whip, pull some hair, and get off. Sound familiar?”

Strangely, Jim felt safe and hidden behind the blindfold, and he found himself answering honestly, “Maybe. I mean, I’m busy a lot.”

“Tell me something: on average, do your encounters with tops last longer than the normal Dungeon session length?”

Jim shifted in the harness, and regretted it when the vibrator sped up, now starting make his prostate positively ache with desire, “I guess about the same length.”

“See, now I would consider that a rather short session. Really powerful encounters take much more time than that. Now, I think you’re calmer, so I’m going to block your ears in a moment, and now I’d like you to be silent again. A few last instructions: if I hold up anything to your mouth, be it my fingers or a straw, I expect you to open and suck. Second, feel free to wriggle as much as you are able. You’ve already seen the natural consequences of that,” he patted the end of the plug protruding from Kirk’s body, “Finally, just try to accept and enjoy the ride. This will go much easier if you do. And don’t forget your safeword.”

And with that, Jim heard the other man step over to the table, pick something up, and move back to him. Immediately, noise cancelling headphones were fitted over his ears, and the world suddenly became a lot smaller. Jim felt his breathing speed up again, but then there were soothing hands running down side heaving sides, gentling him. Slowly, Jim matched his breathing to the pace of the strokes, which became slower and slower, until he was breathing normally again. 

Jim felt like he was floating in his own little world. The only thing he could hear were the sounds inside his body: his heartbeat, his stomach, even the faint buzzing in his rectum, which suddenly felt much further away. And then soft touches began to fall across his body: fur and feathers and skin stroked him in places both intimate and mundane. A fingernail trailed down the crease of his abs. A fur mitt stroked over his ass. A little rubber suction cup pulled on his nipple. Not one touch could Jim anticipate, so slowly, very slowly, Jim leaned back into the straps and let it happen. A gentle hand brushed wetness off his face, and he realized that he had been crying softly, and he could hear his own whimpers echoing through his skull. A straw was placed in his mouth, and he drank a few sips of water before it was drawn away again. Time became meaningless.

Then a switch was flicked on the butt plug, and that part of his anatomy was alive again as the vibrations increased to the highest power setting. His cock ached, and he twisted in the harness, moaning and whining. A firm hand stroked him, pumping slowly, and he sensed Giotto moving between his thighs. Another hand began manipulating the plug inside him, slowly fucking him with it in time with the strokes to his dick. Jim turned his head to the side, panting with desire. A long whine vibrated as it left his throat. Everything felt hot as a super nova, and then he was climaxing as hard as he ever had across his chest. Slowly the strokes stopped, and the vibrations suddenly cut off. A warm towel wiped him clean of his own spunk and sweat, and