Harry complimented.

Niall split a sandwich in half and put one piece on Harry's plate and the other on his. They leaned back against the tree together, digging in. They both hummed at the food while Niall reached forward and picked up a grape. He turned and placed it against Harry's full, sinful lips. Harry dropped his jaw, letting the fruit slip inside, before closing his lips around Niall's finger for a second.

The smaller lad's eyes went dark watching Harry eat it. He grabbed another, popping it between Harry's lips. Then a strawberry, letting the juices drip from the corner of Harry's mouth. Niall leaned in and licked up the red trickle, then across Harry's bottom lip as he pulled the fruit away. Harry hummed lowly, flicking his tongue out to meet Niall's. Niall pushed their food aside and didn't waste a second before throwing an arm around his neck and pushing them both back on the blanket for a snog.

Harry squeaked in surprise, but looped his arms around Niall's waist, pulling him close and breathing in his scent. "Baby," Harry chuckled between kisses, "we're in public."

Niall lifted up on his elbows, hovering over Harry. "And? No one can see us over here." Harry rolled his eyes. "Can you really blame me? When you're under me, looking like that." Niall emphasized his point by tracing a finger down Harry's chest, between the opening of his shirt, to his butterfly tattoo. He slid his hand flat under Harry's shirt and thumbed across his nipple.

Harry inhaled sharply and laughed. "No, I guess not." He shifted and flipped them, and before Niall could blink, he was under Harry. "But I guess you can't blame me when you're under me, looking like that."

Niall tucked his chin into his shoulder, trying to hide his smile, but Harry nuzzled under his chin and lined their mouths up to kiss him again. Their lips slid together, moved in sync, as things got heated. Niall lifted a leg up to wrap around Harry's waist, moaning when their semi's rubbed together. Harry pushed Niall's legs wider, lining them up properly, before rolling his hips down on the blond under him.

Niall gasped into the kiss, body arching up for more. Harry smiled against his lips at that, sliding a hand under Niall's hips and pulling them together. Harry's dick thickened under his jeans, pressing the rough material obscenely. Niall swiveled his hips, tilting his body into Harry's when they got that perfect rhythm.

The wind trickled through the leaves, creating the soundtrack of summer for their secret affair. The blond reached between them and flicked open Harry's jeans, pushing a small hand inside. Harry threw his head back, opening his neck for Niall to bite down on. "Ni, wait- I don't know-"

Niall sucked a little of the smooth skin there into his mouth and grunted as he pulled Harry out of his pants for better access. Harry fisted the blanket under them in one hand, and Niall's hair in the other, as his boyfriend jacked him off with a dry hand. The green-eyed lad pulled Niall's hand up to his mouth and spit in his palm, making Niall laugh softly, before bringing it back to his prick.

With the new glide, Niall doubled his efforts, pulling Harry off harder and faster. Harry pressed his face into Niall's shoulder, trying to bury his noises so they wouldn't be caught. Niall didn’t like that much at all. He lifted Harry's face off his shoulder and pulled Harry's jaw open with a gentle touch. The moans filtered out now, falling from his lips in a cadence of noises that had Niall twitching in his jeans.

"Look at you, Haz. Letting me get you off outside in the middle of the day." Harry groaned and tried to buryhis head again, but Niall held his chin tight. "Look at me," he demanded. Harry's eyes fluttered open, mouth still letting out gasping pants as Niall twisted his grip over his boyfriend’s wet head.

"Ni- Niall, fuck. I'm so close."

"You're gonna get me all dirty, Harry," Niall teased, making Harry groan and rock in his fist.

Harry held himself up with one arm while his other hand scrambled between them to Niall's jeans. His fingers fumbled until they got a hold of Niall's cock and pulled it out. Niall whined and rolled his hips into Harry's hand. Harry interlaced their fingers, both of them holding their cocks together, and pistoned his hips so they rubbed in delicious friction. Niall's other leg came up so they were both wrapped around Harry as his free arm came around to pull Harry down to kiss him.

They were pressed flush together, as close as they could be