rival his love or loyalty when he gave it, he would never leave or let go, ever.

 

His mother Bonnie is a ferocious tiger, the last true Bennet witch that will ever be.  Most powerful there ever was or will ever come, but more compassionate that any.   A fierce protector of her loved ones, and the list is long it seems, sacrificial to a fault maybe, but there are much worse things one could be.  She sees the good in everybody, no matter what they had ever done.   Not ever seeing that she’s the best of them, though she’d never admit it to anyone. 

 

His father sees it all now.  How perfect she is, how much her love is a gift, how rare she is on this world.  She’d given her life for her best friend twice, seemed to accept that as her role, the shield and the weapon.  Just to find out how little it mattered, except by the man who she had hated once upon a time.  Turns out they had their reasons, for all their bickering and fighting.  There is a fine line between love and hate; she’d just started a little bit on the low side.  Now she lives on the high side, in something powerful and real, she’s giving birth to a miracle.  Well, that’s what she believes, he can truly see. 

 

Fate may have had a hand in his parents, but it would have been wrong if he belonged to anyone else.  He could already sense how close they would be, his parents two people that give everything when necessary, he’d be loved more than anyone.  He knew he truly was a special child, if not simply for the family he was born into.

 

His uncle Stefan is the brooding saint; always he holds the inner darkness at bay.  The ripper just keeps itching; this man is the epitome of strength.  He used to have such a hard time holding on, but he doesn’t anymore.  It’s because of the rock he lays beside each night; her golden locks of hair are his stone, his home.  Damon is his brother, though they haven’t always been close, they’d fought through centuries over some selfish wretch, but in the end the spell had broke.  The most loving brother he might not always have been, neither could say they were, but things are different now, how they were meant to be before. 

 

His aunt Caroline belongs with uncle Stefan, best friends who work as mates.  The most functional couple ever they may be, but the truth in their love is special.  She is a magnificent blonde huntress, dark and ferocious when she needs to be.  When its over she’s the bright light in the room that everyone can’t help but see.   She’s cheerful and sunny and loving, a perfect example of self-control.  When she speaks everybody listens, she’s the glue if truth be told.

 

Marriage or blood will forever bind these four to him as true family most generally is known, but there’s something deeper between them all, and only he knows. It’s why he can see their memories he thinks, and feel them inside as well, because the others who stand nearby are shadow like everyone else. 

 

He has another aunt by name only, Elena, a beautiful doppelganger, with a life filled with loss.  She lost a part of herself somewhere they seem to think; maybe it’s a death she hasn’t forgot.  He wishes her to find it for his family’s sake; they all care about her a lot.

 

He has a much older unconventional uncle as well, Alaric, the only human really around, but he’s in it till the end and that’s what really counts.  He has other family it seems as well, spread a little further out, he only knows who they are from memories, but they seem like decent folk some of the time.

 

…

 

 

That day they woke up peacefully, not knowing it was a day of change.  Damon had woken a while before, but he still lay there staring at the sleeping face of his little witch.  She looked so peaceful and beautiful when she slept, and especially now with her little rounding belly. 

 

“You’re staring.” Bonnie said in a groggy voice.

 

“It’s not like I can help it beautiful.” He responded with a cheeky grin. “We need to meet everyone for breakfast, so you should get up and get ready.”

 

Bonnie groaned in response and he laughed fondly at her.  He got up and got dressed and went to do his morning things.   When he was back fifteen minutes later, she was finishing putting on her shirt.

 

“You could leave it off.” Damon suggested, and a corresponding grin appeared.

 

“Very funny.” She answered in a snarky tone.  “Let’s go.”

 

He followed her out the room and they made their way downstairs to the dining room.  When they arrived he was glad to have been last, because he didn’