rolled into the restaurant as it's two automatic doors slided open at a cringe worthy slow pace. A short blonde bounced through the door, a gentle smile masking her face. She walked a few steps in, stopped and turned, looking at the door as if waiting for someone

A giant walked trough, tall, graceful and with cheeks rosy, the man had somehow managed to pack his muscular frame into a little grey sweater. He curled one hand around in his mane of dark blackish blue hair, and wrapped the other around the woman. 

Jonathan and Erina walked up to the line in front of the counter, Jonathan reaching for his wallet and Erina looking up at the menu.

"What would you like my love?" Jonathan cooed as he retrieved his debit card. The blonde pursed her lips and squinted scanning for something to satisfy her appetite.  "A Big Mac." She turned to her husband, "And you?"

Jonathan looked up and scanned the menu.

"I'll have one as well, or maybe two I'm famished." His eyes trailed to the desert menu. "Let's we could get some pies as well, they have apple, blueberry, cher-"

He stopped dead, his eyes widened and he let out a gasp. "...oh my god."

Erina shot a perplexed glance at Jonathan.

"Is something wrong."

His lips had twisted into a jolly grin and Jonathan chuckled. "No, no nothing's wrong at all look!" his tone was that of a child in a toy store, he pointed up at the menu.

"Raspberry pie! Erina they have raspberry pie, my favorite fruit in my favorite desert!" Jonathan drew his hands close to his chest and shook them in excitement. "I don't want a Big Mac I want one of those! no two, no three of those!"

Erina too had a grin on her face, Jonathan's happiness was her happiness. She took one of his hand and held it to her chest, bringing his attention to her. "You can have as many as you'd like as long as you share."

The two came to the front of the line and Jonathan eagerly ordered six raspberry pies.

"Is that it sir....nothing else?" The clerk was a bit more than puzzled by the Jonathan's order but knew better than to object to huge man before him.

 Jonathan looked down at Erina who nodded a no, "That's it."

The clerk took a deep breath in, "That'll be sixteen dollars and sixty cents."

Jonathan swiped his card, the clerk gave him his receipt, and Jonathan bounded over to a booth with Erina trailing behind. The grin had only grown on Jonathan's face and his mouth watered. Erina chuckled and leaned against him, she could feel his heart fluttering with excitement and she smiled even more.

Their number was called and Jonathan barreled to the counter picked up tray, bowed his head and gave a thank you that everyone in the restaurant could hear, then dashed back to his seat.

There were tears of joy in his eyes as he opened one of the packages and inhaled the scent of a dream come true. He beckoned for Erina to smell and so she did an too fell under the spell of the pie.

"Erina." Jonathan's voice boomed once again but was contained to the booth, it echoed through and around Erina, "I would like to offer you the very important first bite of the first pie."

Jonathan pushed the pie out of its box, and gave it to Erina. "Be careful it's a bit hot."

She took the pie with a giggle. "I'm very honored Jonathan." and without hesitation she took a bite.

Her eyes widened and she let out a satisfied grunt. "It delicious" she said while chewing, her hand darted up to cover her mouth as soon as she realized her manners. She swallowed and handed the box back over to Jonathan, but the man was already opening another.

"That ones for you my love! I'll dig into this one here."

Jonathan licked his lips as he brought the pie up to his mouth. "Bon Appetite." He thought, and then he tore into taking a chunk from the pie and chewing down on it. He stopped for a second, Erina off when she said the pie was delicious, that was an understatement . 

Jonathan was in bliss, each bite seemed to taste better and better and he savored each one longer than the last.

Erina had finished hers and took to observing the peculiar but adorable sight of her husband feast on several very small pies.

"This is spectacular!" He mused between a bite, "we're going to have to get these all the time now, ooh! Or we could learn the recipe." He turned to Erina, a grin ,from lips smudged with red, plastered on his face. "We could make them together!"

"I think that's a wonderful Idea." She leaned up and kissed his cheek, "Enjoy these ones now though."

"Oh I