? Get the fuck down on your knees and grovel. Now." A shove of your skull accompanied the last word and you dropped, obeying with glee and bowing your head. "What do you say?"

"Sorry Mr Ackerman."

"Why?"

"For daring to look at you, Mr Ackerman."

"Fucking right." His form moved behind you and he crouched, your upper limbs attached at the cuffs as he clipped the hoops together and grabbed a fistful of hair, yanking back to make you squeal and stare upwards to the ceiling, deep tone in your ear. "Now you need to be taught a lesson, slut. You don't get to see me unless I say so." A blindfold was harshly tied round your eyes to assist, rendering you now completely at the man's mercy. The liberation of being told what to do, how to do it and in a position to take anything given without complaint was divine, such sweet release from the daily toil of being the one who had to think for others - now you didn't need to think at all, that's what Levi would take care of and you were prepared to let your master do everything. 

Creaks and shuffles were made out and you felt yourself being tugged up by the locks again, on your feet precariously and you let out a small moan.

"No fucking noises either." Pressing your lips together, you bit back the need to say something as the one in control threw you over his lap where he sat on the edge of the bed, your face down and ass in the air. "Now you can speak. How do we behave?" Slap. A hand connected with your buttock and the invigorating sting spread throughout your whole being, tingles lingering and you croaked. 

"Thank you Mr Ackerman." Another landed, already sensitive skin being assaulted causing a lustful response, words dripping with desire. 

"Th-thank you Mr Ackerman." And another. Ten to each cheek, every one as hard as the last and by the end, tears prickled at your covered eyes, breaths hitched in your throat and extreme pleasure coursed through your veins. Levi gazed at the marks he'd made and smirked, tracing a digit around the precise shapes which mirrored his palm, emblems of how good he was making you feel. There was an innocence surrounding it all, basic ritualistic behaviour and with no qualms about the salty droplets soaking his jeans, he spoke once more. 

"Are you sufficiently punished?"

It made you pause; of course you weren't, but you couldn't ask for anything, all power taken away and you wriggled slightly, wanting more but currently unable to demand. 

"If…if you think so, Mr Ackerman?" Ah, such a beautiful and open response, one which allowed him the final decision.

"I don't." Two words had never sounded so delectable and the rings at your ankles were slid together, built-in clasps allowing their joining and with no effort he lifted you down to the floor on your knees, kicking your thighs apart. Facing carpet, you took shallow gasps of air and the man paced, noting the liquid from beneath the blindfold which ran from eyes and nose equally, filthy yet gorgeous - he'd made that happen. Feet touching and hands behind your back, it left you helpless, just what you'd asked for and a thick piece of fabric ran from your abdomen to your chin, tilting your covered visage upwards. "I'm far from done with you."

On his proclamation, flesh hit your face, open palm sending your head to the side as the whip in the male's other hand landed viciously on your breasts, nipples assaulted and you yelled at the double attack, incapable of keeping it in. The sounds you made made Levi grow harder still and as he swatted the crop some more, each whimper simply added to his growing desire, red welts appearing one after the other on your chest as he laid in.

"Fucking whore. You're not sorry enough. You can't begin to imagine how disgusted I am with you. You mean nothing, just a piece of shit on my fucking shoe." Pressing the sole of his footwear into your stomach, he shoved strongly, not kicking but pushing and you fell back, landing on one side and unable to get up. "Pathetic." He knew you liked the demeaning language and humiliation, two items near the top of your wish-list and luckily a pair of things he enjoyed greatly too. Levi didn't do this to hurt without reason or break you down, quite the opposite - his pleasure was derived from a handful of things. He had no one to answer to, at least for now, all of the performed actions on his own whim and as he brought biting leather down onto your hip, the mewl of delight from below lit his heart up brilliantly. 

It was a shared experience, not one where you had no control, all of your demands having been made prior to this and the male would explore pushing your limits, concentrate on the things you