’s do this!” Alix joined in, trying to get the group pumped.



 Marinette nodded. “As long as we stick to the plans, everything will be fine.” Then she put her hand out in front of her and waited for the others to join her. It took a second, but once Alya placed her hand on top, the rest of the girls joined in. With a groan, Chloe placed her hand on top. “Everyone, on the count of three: Akura!”



 “What does that even mean?” Chloe whined.



 “It means powerful and complete,” Marinette said, defending her choice in team name. She thought it sounded good.



 “Why do you get to pick the team name?”



 “Chloe do you want the trophy or not?”



 “Ugh fine.”


 


 The girls lined up behind Marinette at the entrance waiting to be announced in. She could sense the nerves coming off of them. She was even nervous. Shifting her weight back and forth on her skates she went over the plans and formations in her head. She was leading this one, she was calling out the plans, she was holding the group together. If she got distracted and lost focus, they could get hurt pretty bad and she did not want to deal with that.



 Maybe her other teams were right. Maybe she was too nice.



 No. That was not something she would worry about now.



 Marinette sighed and tightened her pigtails. It was a risk having pigtails alone, but she had tied long red ribbons from them. The best she could do was hope her teammates had her back and wouldn’t let anyone grab them.



 Outside the door, they could hear the current meet happening. There was a loud thud and a collective groan from the audience. Someone had fallen and hit something.



 “Looks like Rolly Smokes is getting a little skittish!”



 Marinette groaned. It had to be the commentator that made puns tonight? Hopefully it wouldn’t be an omen for what was to come.


 


 “In a surprise turn of events, Rolly Smokes takes it!”



 Marinette turned back to the girls. “Okay guys, here we go! Make sure you pay attention and watch for my signals!”



 “Up next on the rink is… AKUMA!”



 “Is that supposed to be us?” Juleka asked.



 “That is not what I wrote down!”



 “Way to go Mari, I told you you should have let me fill out the slip!”



 “Just go already!” Chloe pushed Marinette into the door, throwing it open. 



 “For those of you just joining us, Chat Noir is here, not the hero you need, but the one you deserve! Oh and look at this folks! The little foster girl of the PRDA is leading a team out onto the rink! Could this mean she finally has a team of her own?”



 Why everyone had started calling Marinette that, she would never know. She would have much preferred something a little more ‘roller derby’ like Kiss of Death or something. A name she could bring with her to a new team. Instead, everyone knew her as the ‘little foster girl.’ That was going to end. She was going to make a name for herself. Something more than just the girl that got bounced around from team to team cause no one wanted her.



 Her team skated around the track and ended at the starting line along side their opponents. They may have looked mean and ready to kill, but Marinette’s confidence didn’t waver. She had a plan. A strategy that she had been itching to use for a while now.



 “On your marks!” Chat Noir shouted into his microphone.



 “Hope someone’s here to pick up your body, foster girl.”



 “Get set!”



 Marinette locked eyes with the her. “I have plenty of people waiting to cary us out on their shoulders once we win. Thanks for the concern.” Marinette looked forward again, more ready than ever.



 “GO!”



 She had already called the first play while Chat Noir was calling the start. The girls closed around Rose and Sabrina, with Alix and Alya between them and the majority of the other team. Marinette was at the front leading the group, Chloe was behind her, and Juleka and Mylene brought up the rear.



 As soon as the other team made its first move to try to shoulder check Alix, Chloe pushed off to her left and tripped one of the front most girls, taking out one more with her. Alix pushed back and took one out on her own,



 “What’s this guys? Looks like the Akumas know how to fight!”



 “That’s not our name!” Marinette snarled.



 The first lap passed almost too quickly. There were only two left and Marinette knew they still had plenty of other tricks up their sleeves. Just as she was about to call the next formation there was a thud she wasn’t expecting. Taking a chance, Marinette turned around to see Juleka on the ground. She popped up quickly, but she was too far behind for Marinette to even make the next call. She needed Juleka closer