into his touch in a way she hasn’t done in years. So few of the people she’s been with could ever make her feel this good, make her feel worthy and wanted the way Harry does. She wants him to feel the same, hopes she can make him forget about the last few hours that seemed like hell. Niall puts a hand to his chest, her heart swarming with emotions and things she can’t express. Maybe it’s the heat of the moment. Maybe she’s convincing herself Harry means what he says, even if it’s his job to fulfill the fantasies of numerous women with large bank accounts.

Maybe their night in Klint & Pivos really did change everything, but all she can say to him now is, “Please don’t lie to me.”

“I never have.”

Niall kisses him hard, lets Harry pick her up and bring her to the bedroom. Harry gently lays Niall down and removes her clothes, kissing her from her lips, over her neck and chest, all the way down between her legs. He comes back up and Niall rolls him over so she’s on top, undressing him as quickly as he did with her. She turns around to suck him off and Harry brings her down to fuck his tongue into her, his thumb brushing against her still sensitive hole that has her moaning out loud. Harry slowly inserts his index finger, the familiar but excitable sensation leaving Niall to tremble uncontrollably the deeper he pushes his finger in and out of her.

Niall’s so close to coming when Harry inserts two fingers, but stops him in time to get control of her breathing. She turns back around to face him, lowers herself to where Harry’s cock is lying flat against his stomach, and slides it between her folds. Harry nearly chokes on the breath he takes, gasping from the slick of Niall’s cunt against his cock. His eyes roll to the back of his head and Niall reaches for him, steadying herself as she sinks down to fill her up.

Niall rides him long and slow, each thrust of Harry’s hips making her cry out louder and louder each time. Harry grips at Niall’s waist and she rocks her hips, going faster until she seizes up, her entire body shaking as she comes down from her orgasm. It takes her a moment to recover, laughing breathlessly as she leans down to kiss Harry. He carefully flips her onto her back and fucks her again, fucks her the way he did in Klint & Pivos until she comes even harder the second time around.

Harry pulls out and kneels down, letting his tongue lap up what he can get from Niall’s overstimulated cunt. She slowly rolls onto her stomach, lifting her hips for Harry. He places several of her pillows in the space underneath her, making sure she’s comfortable while giving him full access. Harry teases Niall’s hole, spreading her cheeks to insert a finger, slowly pushing in and out before he inserts another, knows Niall is ready when she moans helplessly into the mattress. She takes a deep breath, shuts her eyes when Harry slowly pushes the tip of his cock inside of her. Harry gently eases his way in and Niall grips hard at the sheets, can feel her body quivering the further he pushes into her.

“Am I hurting you? Do you want me to stop?”

“No, keep going, I want you to,” Niall insists, “please don’t stop.”

Harry nods and takes his time, the sensation of how tight Niall feels nearly makes him come on the spot. But he holds back, knows he can’t just finish and leave Niall unsatisfied. They start slow, eventually going at a steady pace while Harry rubs at Niall’s clit from behind, gasping with stars in her eyes. Harry’s moans become low and hoarse, and Niall makes him forget about the rules, makes him forget about everything they’re not supposed to do when it’s strictly business. Harry thrusts a few more times and cries out, his body trembling against Niall’s when he comes inside of her.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Harry whispers over and over, but he doesn’t need to apologize.

Not much is said between them after. Harry helps Niall clean up in the shower, making sure she’s rid of every last drop. She thinks Harry will leave, but he follows her into bed instead, snuggles against her with his arm draped over her waist. Harry nuzzles his nose against the back of Niall’s neck, leaving small kisses along her back and shoulders. He moves his hand to her hip, using the pads of his fingers to draw circles along her bare skin. Niall can’t help but fall into a trance, wondering if this is what it feels like to be with the real Harry, hoping she can have this until he leaves in the morning.

“What happens now?” Niall asks softly.

“I disappear,” Harry answers, saddened.