lips to Harry’s forehead, pulling Harry even closer.

“Always the flirt, you are.”

Harry laughed.

“It seems to be working.”

Zayn laughed again and pulled Harry half on top of him so that he could rest his chin on top of Harry’s curls.

“I love you, Hazza,” he murmured.

“I love you too, Zed.”

“Oi, lovebirds!” Louis hollered. Zayn chuckled and rolled Harry off him, earning a mewl of discontent from the curly-haired boy. “Niall just got a text about some underground concert that The Rubies’ are having. The lads and I are going to try and find it. You guys in?”

“Nah,” Zayn said at the same time that Harry exclaimed, “hell yeah!”

The other three laughed. Harry pouted at Zayn.

“Aww, c’mon Zed! Don't be a killjoy,” he begged.

“I’m not! You can go without me.”

“But I wanna go with you! I don't wanna go home alone and neither do you.”

Zayn sighed.

“Fine,” he acquiesced. “Why the hell not.”

Harry let out a triumphant cheer.

“We’ll leave early, I promise,” he murmured, linking his arm with Zayn’s and pulling him towards the other boys, who had already started walking away.

Zayn snorted.

“No, we won't. I probably won't get home until dawn”

“No,” Harry admitted, “But at least you’ll be with me!” *

 


I’m feeling like,



 



Right now,



I wish you were here with me.



Cuz right now,



Everything is new to me



 



You know I can't fight the feeling



And every night I feel it



 



Right now,



I wish you were here with me.


 

Zayn opened his eyes again. He could feel goosebumps rising on his skin. The memories were coming back in full force now and he couldn’t keep them back.

 


And I could do this forever.



And let’s go crazy together.


 

* “Tonight was incredible.”

Zayn and Harry were sat in the trunk of the Range Rover that Harry’s dad had given him for his 18th birthday. After The Rubies’ concert, they had said goodbye to their three other friends and headed off. But Harry had said that he wasn’t ready for the night to end just yet, even though it had been approaching 4am. Zayn had nonetheless complied and, instead of going home, they had gone to Harry’s rented car park space, gotten into his car and driven back to the meadow, where they could sit and eventually watch the sun rise.

“The concert? Yeah,” Zayn agreed. But Harry shook his head.

“Not just the concert, though. The whole night – performing, chilling with the lads…” Harry paused for a moment, “…you…”

Zayn smirked lazily at Harry, before lacing their fingers together. He turned back to watch as the first tendrils of orange snaked into the dewy grass in front of them.

“I could do this forever,” Harry sighed.

“Me too.”

“I love you, Zed,” Harry said quietly.

“I love you too,” Zayn replied. He considered adding, you’re my best friend but he figured the other boy would already know that so he left it out.

 

But a minute later, he regretted that decision.

 

“Zed?” Harry called softly, almost hesitantly. Zayn frowned slightly. What would Harry be hesitating about? Harry never hesitated. He always just went for it.

“Yeah? What is it, Haz?” Zayn urged, worried.

Harry swallowed nervously.

“I love you.”

Then, with trepidation but determination, Harry leaned forward and pressed his lips to Zayn’s. And Zayn’s mind went blank with shock. He could barely register Harry’s trembling lips on his mouth, much less process why Harry’s trembling lips were on his mouth. He remained unresponsive until Harry tried to pry his lips apart with his own. Then Zayn’s body jerked back into action and he pushed Harry away forcefully.

“What the fuck, Harry?” Zayn yelled, wiping at his mouth with his sleeve. Harry’s eyes were wide with fear.

“I don't know! I don't know…I…I’m sorry, Zed, I just…”

“Just kissed me! Why the hell would you kiss me?” Zayn cried.

“I fucking told you already! I love you. I’ve loved you for a while and I just…I didn’t know what to do. And then Louis realised and he told me to just go for it and I was like, fuck it, why not, and–”

“Why not?” Zayn repeated, “maybe because I’m not gay?”

“Neither am I! Or at least I wasn’t. Not until I fell in love with you. And now I don't really know what the fuck I am.” Harry bit his lower lip