you next time, sensei."

Touya  Kouyo looked at him. "Games like these make you think about what could  be done. This is the same situation from the seven matches in the  Honinbo finals."

"I have to leave earlier, sensei. I have somewhere to go." Sometimes he should be glad of the dates with a woman he was seeing.

"We will see you during the next session then. And Ogata-kun?"

"Yes, Touya Meijin?"

"It was a good game."

"If  it had been a good game I would've won," Ogata murmured as he walked to  his car, tugging at his tie. The afternoon had been very warm, and with  dusk settling the daytime summer heat promised to lead to a sultry  night. He should go home and take a shower before his dinner date.

What  did he do wrong? He missed the threat of that kaketsugi in the upper  corners, yes, and didn't manage to check Ashiwara's claim on the lower  right completely, but were those enough to ruin his game? No, was what  he thought.

Akira covered his bowl of stones. "It was a good game, Ogata-san."

"I  wasn't playing my game." As Ogata recalled their game he remembered his  defenses had nearly fallen against Akira's attacks a couple of times,  but he'd salvaged his territory by superior tactics and sheer luck. He  clenched his fist, releasing it slowly. He was wound up tight inside,  so tense he thought he could see his hands tremble as he played his  stones.

I must calm down, he thought. If I continue playing like  this I'll make mistakes in serious matches, and then I'll lose all that  I have in my grasp.

"It's Akira and Ogata-san!"

"Ashiwara-san," Akira greeted. Ogata merely acknowledged his junior's existence with a nod. "How was the movie?"

"It was good. Next weekend we'll go to a horror film, or so Saeki says."

Ogata puffed on his cigarette, the only outward sign that he'd heard.

"What are you doing here, Ashiwara?"

"I sometimes go here to have a game with Akira. You just finished, Akira-kun?"

"Yes.  But I promised Kitajima-san to play with him after this." Akira glanced  from Ogata to Ashiwara, as if deciding something. "Ashiwara-san can  play against Ogata-san, if Ogata-san doesn't mind another game."

He  inclined his head to indicate he didn't mind before Ashiwara could  react. Akira bowed to them before leaving, and Ashiwara took the seat  he vacated.

"You're not in your usual suit suit, Ashiwara," Ogata  said, as a way to break the tension that rose on Akira's departure.  Ashiwara tugged at his shirt's collar and laughed, a little nervously,  he noted.

"I did say I just came from the movies with Saeki. And  in this weather, only an idiot would wear a suit!" Ogata raised an  eyebrow, and Ashiwara grew aware of what the older pro was wearing.  "Not that I mean that-"

He stubbed his cigarette, annoyed at his  segue to mindgames. He'd never resorted to such before, but he  obviously still hadn't recovered from the embarrasment of the last  time. Once they've started the game he'd be fine. "Let's nigiri,  Ashiwara."

"All right, Ogata-san."

Don't pay attention to  his idle banter about the banalities of life. Don't answer anything but  the easiest questions to sidestep or use the deepening silence to keep  him mute. Don't look. Don't look at him. Don't pay attention to his  stare at your hand moving over the board. Don't wonder what he's  thinking of you whenever you make a move. Don't notice how he lightly  bites at his lower lip when you attack his strategic pieces. Don't  notice how his hair sways softly whenever he turns to greet someone or  see what others were doing...

"Ogata-san, is something wrong with my face?"

Ogata sat back, made aware he'd been staring. "Nothing. My move, right?"

"It's  so hot, isn't it? Just perfect for going to the beach or a vacation,  but my latest schedule says I'll be stuck in Tokyo for a while more.  Why, Saeki-san got a chance to play in Osaka, and he spent the day in  the beaches, and-"

Saeki this, Saeki that. The student of Morishita's was Ashiwara's constant target, and Ogata was feeling irritated by this all.

"Ah, Ogata-san, that move..."

Recklessly  putting everything before this game, his frustrations, his anger, his  feelings of insecurity and jealousy. If he won, he'd know he was better  than that damned Saeki, and he could be more than some vague figure in  Ashiwara's eyes