slams behind her. Something about the way she says it sounds more suggestive than the comment would imply.

Fareeha raises her eyebrows at Angela. "Kids know everything, these day."

"'These days.' You’ve been spending too much time with your mother." Angela chuckles. "Finish changing. I'll survive," she says with a playful push.

Fareeha eyes her skeptically but does as she was told.

"I'm still giving you that massage later."

"I can live with that."

Somehow they get through debriefing by midnight. It's a three-hour ordeal, coupled with hard-backed chairs and droning voices. No one wants to be here, not even Winston. Everyone wants nothing more than to fall on the nearest bed, but procedure is procedure.

Angela's hand doesn't leave the back of her neck until Fareeha's comes up to gently take over. The medic shoots her a grateful look and lets her chin dip forward while calloused fingers knead her sore muscles. She listens to Winston's run-down of the closing mission details before letting her senses wander. She catches the sound of Hana snoring in the seat behind her, the charred smell of Jamison's singed hair and his fidgety movements, Mako's heavy breathing, the soft clink of McCree's spurs as he idly taps his foot. The firm pressure of Fareeha's fingers does wonders to lessen her discomfort and before long, she almost drifts off.

"...gela. Angela. Yah habibti, wake up."*

"Mmm-huh?"

Angela's bleary-eyed gaze shifts from her lover's plaid button-up shirt to her face, focusing on the Eye of Horus tattoo below her right eye. She finds herself leaning against the Egyptian woman's shoulder, the fabric lightly damp with her drool. She scrubs a hand down her chin and sits up self-consciously as the other agents scatter to find their own dark holes to crawl into. Fareeha laughs and brushes a stray strand of gossamer hair behind Angela's ear.

"Debriefing's over. What do you say we go back to the room for that massage?"

They fall into bed without changing - everyone had attended the debriefing in their night clothes, knowing that they wouldn’t have the energy to change a second time. Angela’s robe parts just enough for Fareeha’s hands to slip in over her trapeziuses. Her fingers flex and dig into the stiff muscle, working slowly and firmly up the sides of her lover’s neck. With a bit of coaxing, Angela leans forward to rest her forehead against Fareeha’s collarbone for better access.

“Too much tension. You should hit the gym occasionally to work some of that off,” Fareeha comments.

“When they put a gym in the med-bay, I’ll consider it.”

“Oh? And do doctors have their own doctors, or are you expected to self-medicate?”

Angela scoffs. “Self-medication was the first lesson in my medical training.”

“Then how about treating yourself to a hot bath on occasion?”

“Mmm, if someone were to draw one for me, I suppose I could find the time to enjoy it - on occasion.”

Fareeha’s lips twitch into a grin. “I swear, if my mother were here right now, she’d have something to say about stubborn children.”

“As much as I love your mother, if Ana Amari were in our bedroom right now, I wouldn’t be. Besides, I’m older than you.”

Fareeha ignores this and pulls away to pat the mattress next to her, motioning for Angela to lie down before beginning a series of arm stretches. When the blond doesn’t move, she shakes out her hands, clenches them into fists, and cracks her knuckles.

“Let’s go, on your stomach. We’re doing this massage the right way.”

The medic shakes her head but gives in with no more resistance. Just as she moves to prostrate herself, Fareeha catches at the back of her robe.

“Oh, and off with this, yah amar,” she says a little too sweetly.**

Angela’s eyes narrow into a playful glare. “You’re enjoying this, aren’t you?”

“Why yes, I am. And if you'd just do as I say, so will you.”

“Fine, fine, have it your way. Mein leben ist in ihren händen, schätzli.”***

Angela disrobes and finds a comfortable position with one pillow under her waist and another tucked under her chin. Once she's situated, Fareeha climbs on top of her to straddle her hips.

"Now just relax and take deep, slow breaths. In through your nose, out through your mouth. That's it."

Stretching her muscular arms one last time, she brings her hands together and feels around Angela's lower back with her forward palm, carefully locating the knotted muscles. 

"Have you actually done this be-FORE!" Angela's voice rises as her lover presses down with what