tuxedos, an attractive blond woman in a wedding dress, and an adorable golden retriever at their feet. 

"This is like…a stupidly perfect picture. If someone just handed this to me, I’d think it came with the frame," Castiel commented, still looking over the photograph enthusiastically. 

Dean snorted out a laugh and reclined slightly in his seat. “Yeah, Sammy definitely knows how to pick ‘em,” Dean commented offhandedly, distracting himself with a loose thread on one of the buttons on his shirt. 

"Your brother’s cute too. Not really my type but handsome, nonetheless," Castiel mentioned, placing the photo back onto the desk and turning it back so it was facing Dean. 

That certainly got Dean’s attention. 

"Oh? What’s your type?" Dean blurted out without much of a second thought. It didn’t hit him until a few seconds later how inappropriate the nature of the question actually was. Granted, conversations with Cas felt more casual and relaxed that most dates he’d ever been on but this was a student he was talking to. However, before he could remedy the words he’d just uttered, he was cut off by Castiel’s playful response.

"Hm, well the one in the middle definitely has my attention,” Cas said without hesitation. He was already standing and gathering his backpack. “The one without the hair and the collar,” he clarified with what Dean now considered to be the cutest laugh he had ever heard in the history of anything ever. 

Once again, Castiel had left him speechless. 

"Although, he could probably pull off the latter," Cas added with a smile that just reeked of false innocence. "See you around, Mr. Winchester." 

A wave and a click later, Dean released the breath he hadn’t realized he had been holding and stared at the door with his jaw slack and his pants about ten times tighter than when he’d put them on that morning. 

He’d learned two things that afternoon: football helmets are useless against most offensive attacks and that Castiel Novak is a kinky, little shit. 

Needless to say, Dean's mind had been preoccupied with thoughts of a certain blue-eyed brunette for the length of the weekend and deep into the following week. As much as he had enjoyed the weekend with his brother and sister-in-law, he found himself actually eager to return to work.

Honestly, he was a little bit disappointed when Castiel didn't make an appearance on Monday but sure enough, by the time Wednesday rolled around he found himself staring into those burning sapphire eyes once again. Well, one of them anyways. 

"Okay, slow down and explain one more time. Why did Uriel hit you?" Dean was already guiding Castiel out of his office and down the hall towards the nurse's. It was after school hours so most of the staff had already filed out but part of being the Dean of a high school meant knowing the ins and outs of the entire administration, which included first aid.

"He bumped into me in the hallway, I mumbled something under my breath, he shoved me against some lockers, and gave me a parting gift," Castiel repeated, still covering his eye with his palm even as he hopped up onto the medical table. 

"Move your hand," Dean directed. His voice was soft but Castiel could tell from the way that he was gnashing his teeth that he was anything but happy. 

Reluctantly, Castiel dropped his hand to his side and winced slightly at the feeling of the alcohol-soaked cotton ball being dabbed against his brow. There was a cut there, probably from one of Uriel's rings, in addition to some pretty severe bruising but fortunately, Dean was being mindful of how tender the skin had become. In fact, just about everything he did was pretty gentle--from the application of the disinfectant to the way he placed an ice pack in his hand and guided it up to the affected eye. 

He was quiet throughout most of the process but once he'd pulled away and given Cas a once over, he finally broke the silence. "Keep the ice on it for a little longer. It will help the swelling go down," he directed with a sigh, finally withdrawing his hand and raising his eyes to the younger man's face. 

Castiel's breath caught in his throat when he was met with Dean's hardened worrisome stare. He'd always thought he was the master of the "puppy dog eyes" but Dean was currently challenging that and then some. 

"It's not a big deal," Castiel reassured. The ice pack crinkled beneath his fingers when he shifted and tilted his head back further. Something in his tone hinted that this was not the first time this had happened.

While he tried to get comfortable, one of his knees brushed against Dean's outer thigh and only then did he realize how close they were. By the looks of it, the feather-light touch had given the Dean the same realization. However, instead of stepping back like