food.

Jongin let his hair cover his face as he looked down and smiled, happy he could do something for Yixing.

And happy to have some peace and quiet.

-

Yixing was sitting in front of the pond as Jongin approached. He was throwing little pebbles, absentmindedly watching them splash into the water.

Jongin squatted next to him, putting a hand out for balance and before he could sit all the way, Yixing grabbed one of his fingers, pulling on it.

He looked at Jongin with fear in his eyes until he realized that it was just him. Jongin was hyper aware of Yixing’s finger around his own and he glanced down at the curled digits.

“Oh! Sorry,” Yixing let go and Jongin frowned. He didn't necessarily think they felt bad. “I didn’t realize you were there so...” Yixing laughed nervously.

“It’s fine” Jongin finally fully seated himself.

It was quiet again and it was comfortable.

Quiet.

Once again the voices had disappeared.

Jongin sighed and let himself relax a bit, leaning on his hands, stretching his legs out.

“What are you doing out here so late?” Yixing started the conversation.

Jongin shrugged. “It’s better than in there.”

Yixing nodded in agreement and picked up another pebble before throwing it into the water.

He laid back all the way and let himself drift off to sleep to the sound of splashing water.

-

Today Yixing was under his tree. Jongin had seen him there a few times before and today he was going to finally join him.

“What are you reading?” Jongin asked, looking over his shoulder.

Yixing jumped and clutched at his heart. “You scared me! Warn me next time!”

He chuckled and kneeled down next to Yixing, close enough to let their shoulders brush. “Do you mind if I read with you for a while?”

Yixing cleared his throat. “No, not at all.”

The two of them leaned against the tree, and eventually they leaned into each other, reading quietly or discussing something that happened in the book, or even laughing at a story one of them had told.

Hours later they were finally called back into reality as warning bells for lights out started to ring.

“Can I walk you back to your room?” Jongin stood first, holding out a helping hand for Yixing.

He took his hand and answered with a delicately dimpled smile. “Of course.”

Jongin felt pleasant tingles going through his hand where Yixing was holding his and he was surprised that he didn’t let go, even as they rushed to get back on time.

Yixing stopped abruptly in front of his room, and Jongin stopped a second too slow, gently bumping into Yixing.

Neither of them bothered to put any space in between them as they said their goodbyes and goodnights.

Jongin laid down in his own bed that night with a tiny smile. He hoped he would have pleasant dreams about pretty people with a dimple that night.

-

Jongin was guessing about a week had passed, and he was on his way to his second group session. It was easy to lose track of the day and even the time in this place. Not like it really mattered anyways, they all got led around by doctors twenty-four-seven. Everything was run like clockwork.

Jongin stepped into the room, his doctor leaving once the door was shut behind him. He looked around and everyone else was already there, including Yixing who turned in his seat and gave him a shy smile. He responded with one of his own half-smiles before sitting in the chair next to the pretty man.

“Okay,” the monotone doctor clapped. “now that we are all here, it’s time for discussion.”

As if on cue, the other three in the room groaned in frustration.

Discussion?

“Luhan, you start today.”

Luhan looked down, innocently playing with his fingers. “Well, today I didn’t get too mad at Kyungsoo when he stole my water bottle. This time I only tried to push him down the stairs.”

Oh. That kind of discussion.

“Well that’s a start.” the therapist coughed. “Anything else?”

He played with his fingers for another second before shaking his head.

The voices came back, and they came back fast as Jongin realized what was going to happen.

Don’t you dare Jongin.

“Sehun? Your turn.”

Don’t give us away. You need us.

Sehun cleared his throat twice before speaking. “I walked to my bathroom from my room without counting the steps I took for the first time.”

What a nutcase--not as big as you.

But you won’t tell them that, will you Jongin?

The therapist nodded at him. “Good. Now, you just need to apply that same thought process to the rest of your life and you’ll be just fine. Jongin.” he turned to look at him “Your turn.”

Fuck you.

Jongin swallowed the lump in his throat and tried to control his shaking body.

Tell him off. 

Throw your chair