the voice asked, low and pained, when Papyrus had turned to leave him alone again. His heat had re-surged once the bindings on the cot were gone, and likely he would recover from his weaker state a bit easier without full body chaining.

"I told you," he said, glancing over his shoulder, "I am going to save you."

Sans didn't know when the angel slept - because he could tell this room was Papyrus', and the bed he was still laying in belonged to the much larger skeleton. He'd fallen asleep, so relieved to be out from under the heavy strain of the bindings that he'd been locked in on the cot that he was actually relaxed. Though it didn't last long enough, his heat rippling through him with insistent vigor. He felt it from every bit of himself, and the single tiny relief he'd gotten only served to stoke it hotter.

His fingers slid up his thigh, shifting his leg aside enough to feel along himself. Soaked through, still plump and slick, and he bit his lower lip as he began to play with himself. It felt so good, just a small trickle of coolness in the center of a blistering desert. A slow bit of satisfaction. Not nearly enough, he mused, his fingers nowhere near as thick as the angel's... he growled to himself and set to work, building what little strength he had at his disposal into a warm, heady pleasantness, rather than the searing pain of need.

His hips twitched, hooding his sockets shut as he slid his hand down harder, grimacing into the empty room. Not hard enough. He tried, but his sapped reserves weren't giving him much to work with, and it seemed all he was going to do would be to frustrate himself further. It did serve to let him catch a little more sleep, though, and when he woke...

"Good morning," Papyrus said, gaze hovering over him with a pleased sort of look to his eyelights. Sans realized he'd curled to one side, stuffing all of the bedding that he could between his legs, and it was stained in pale streaks of blue. He felt his face flush, almost too embarrassed to look at the angel, but when he did, his sockets narrowed. He was dressed, and there was some kind of chain draped over his shoulders and front.

"What is that," he demanded, rather than asked. It seemed to amuse the angel, and he gave the other a pinched look, very upset, but oh stars he could smell something musky and aromatic now, and he realized it was coming from the angel. He wrinkled his nosebone. "You stink."

"Ha!" Papyrus laughed, the sound echoing a bit in the room, and Sans could tell it was from real amusement. He curled his lip, showing more fang.

"I'm glad you're amused. Perhaps you could amuse me now." His heat was already pulsing in hot and heavy, and from the way he'd started grinding on the bedding again, he was getting desperate. It seemed the angel liked him that way, at least.

He didn't expect to have that large body pinning him down, but he moaned as he felt the larger pelvis rocking up against his bare one, tail shifting aside as he did his best to adjust, lifting his hips invitingly. But the invitation seemed to be ignored, rather the angel busied himself with running soft nibbles against his horns, as if testing how hard he could bite at them. Where the chains pressed between them, it singed and hurt, but he was far too busy enjoying the pressure of the larger male atop him. He even gave little noises that could be considered pleading, arching up to rub harder against his front.

"Apologize," he heard the rough voice whisper near the base of his horn, and he was busy grinding up against that hard body, too busy letting his tongue loll out and panting with unabashed desire. He was getting worse, and it had been bad enough before. Sans managed to stop himself before he said anything, instead answering with a seductive mewl, thrusting himself back hard. He was rewarded with a pair of fingers pressing into his mouth, holding it open and making him start to drool. "Ask forgiveness."

He choked a short laugh, since he couldn't be expected to say a damn thing with those thick bone digits halfway down his throat, but he curled his tongue, lapping at the fingers, and continued his writhing grinding dance under the angel. He felt the way it warmed them, made him so very satisfied with himself, even if he wasn't getting much of what he really wanted...

Sans moaned harder as the other hand made itself known against his groin, rubbing hard and fast at his folds and clit until he was bucking into another orgasm, mouth wide enough that he wasn't biting the fingers anymore. As his high trickled down, he tried to slump down into the comfortable, dirty bedding, only to feel both hands down