bit down pat."

Akira lost the thread of his chat with Ogata at that point. "You listen to Erlkönig?"

"Isumi-san gave me a recording of their live performances, and I never looked back since. They're amazing. I never thought Isumi would like a band like Erlkönig actually."

"I'm a fan of their bassist." Touya stole a glance at Ogata. The older man was impassive as he he blew a smoke ring into the air, ignoring the unexpected confession from a fan.

Waya slapped his friend's back, grinning. "He learned the bass for his idol."

"N-no, it's not like that, really!" Isumi played with the straps of his guitar case, not looking at their host. Hikaru stepped in before the others could tease Isumi, and they discussed music in general before Akari declared they had to go for cram school. Waya stopped by Akira's side while they were leaving.

"If you really want to listen to our music, here's our demo." Waya flipped a md to him, and he caught it. He winked. "We always keep copies handy, you'd never know when someone might want to get a taste. Shindou's singing an Erlkönig song at the end. I think it's his best song so far."

= = =

At Ogata's insistence Touya went out that night to catch Virgil's live. Still smarting from Ogata's comments about his outfit earlier, Touya dressed in a moss green shirt Ashiwara gave him for his birthday. He'd never worn it before, but he was glad he found a casual tee among his dress shirts. He didn't think his sweaters would be approved by the crowd tonight either.

Ogata was also dressed casually in jeans, and he smirked when he saw what Akira was wearing. "Wandering with the natives?"

"Same to you."

"I always dress like this when I'm out scouting."

"Ogata-san, I was wondering if you can give me a copy of all the Erlkönig albums."

Ogata sighed. "I thought you agreed not to ask me for my old music." It was one summer a year after Erlkönig ended, done on a pinky promise with fingers sticky from melting ice cream. How could Akira explain the sudden interest after hearing Hikaru's performance on the disc? Hikaru's voice drew him closer even after playing the cd over and over again.

"But Shindou -- I want to find out why he liked to sing these songs, and how he stands up against the original."

"He can shine besides Sai's version, I give you that," Ogata murmured, his gaze far away.

"I was also thinking, Ogata-san...." He fidgeted, then went on. "Shindou's song -- I'd rather hear it with the piano instead of the guitar. I wonder if Shindou will let me play with them for a bit."

"Like joining them?"

"Well, maybe."

"I know what you think about Virgil, but have you thought about what your father will say if you do go and join up with them?"

"I won't stop playing the classical piano, if that's what you think."

"Classical piano is not everything, and I think you'll enjoy the break from the stuffy professors." Ogata drummed his fingers on his thigh, thinking. "Do you think you can focus on the band, and the band alone for a considerable length of time? If you can't, you'd better stop this foolish idea of yours right now."

"I thought you would support me in this, Ogata-san."

"The kind of rebellion that worked for me won't work for you. You don't even know what it'll take to make it into their band. Your piano may be beautiful, but it's worthless outside of the concert halls."

"It's not portable too," Akira joked weakly.

"That too." Silence descended on them, and Ogata shook his head. "I don't know why I should bother with you, but then, you are my sensei's adorable child. Visit me next week and I'll have an answer to your request. We still have a date tonight with a band that scintillates in the dark."

As they entered the live house they heard Shindou's voice, amplified over Waya's plaintive rhythms. Akira shivered.


The butterfly steals light and we are in darkness,But this is the haven that I want.


"I want to be with that kind of brilliance," he whispered. Ogata pretended not to hear, but there was a smirk on his lips as he blew a puff of smoke from his lit cigarette.

= = =

 

There was the smell of coffee drowned with too much milk and sugar in the air. It was not the way Ogata liked to begin his morning, but women, they enjoyed sweet things. He entered the kitchen, where she sat, wearing his dress shirt. Her