spend money on me, Niall," Zayn says. He would rather Niall spend his hard earned money on important necessities. Not a stupid comic for a lad he barely knows.

Niall stops him from walking ahead with a hand on his bicep. "I bought it for me. Now it's a present from me to you. Don't even worry about it." Zayn can't possibly accept it. But Niall slips the bag around his wrist and begins walking towards the library again.

Zayn pauses and wonders if he should turn and head home. He should take a bath and take a long rest and calm his nerves. But Niall tosses, "You coming?" over his shoulder and it isn't even a question.

*

The bath when he gets home is warm and peaceful, a candle by him on the floor. He feels soft and pretty tonight. Maybe it's still the red painting his cheeks after Niall kissed his hand in a silent goodbye. Maybe it's because the bruises are fading now. Maybe he simply just wants to feel overjoyed tonight.

The moon isn't out - hence the candle sheathing his bathroom in a soft glow -which gives more chance for stars to be seen.

He thinks Niall could be a star. His star. His luck. His guidance. He thinks his mother would have adored Niall. Plant him a sunflower and pot it prettily before giving it to Niall. Tell him he was light, positivity, joy, love. The embodiment of a sunflower. He thinks his mother could have easily chosen Niall as hers any day. They were more alike than Zayn and her.

His toes are pruny again when he gets out. The stars still illuminate the sky as he lazily smokes and sketches on the bay window. His sketch page quickly fills with stars, blue eyes, freckles, flowers, dark flowing hair. The cigarette ash dribbles down the page and leaves black traces in its wake. Zayn kinda likes how the ash can tie in the entire piece of lost elements.

Niall fills his mind again. He's the only thing Zayn's been looking for for most of his life. Home, he calls it. Because where does he find himself living in harmony and peace with himself?

On a stupid pillow and blanket fort in the back of the library as words of some author Zayn doesn't know fill the air and his nose buries in a large, green sweater that smells like pine.

The comic lay out on the floor by his feet in constant reminder of Niall. It's still in the clear wrap that they bought it in because Zayn couldn't do much more than take it out of the bag. Don't ask him why. He doesn't know the answer.

It's turned 6 in the morning all of a sudden and he puts down his sketch book. He sighs and wracks a trembling hand through his hair. He wants to scream and cry at once. He doesn't want to head to his fucking job and do Rounds, of everything else he could do. He's losing money fast now and doesn't even think next month's rent will be paid in time. He needed to step up his game now.

*

When he stepped into the smoky and muggy air of the club, he immediately wanted to run back to the library. He wanted to run back to Niall and back to the flea market and back to soft dancing and fleeting kisses to his knuckles. The boys from last time were there again but with three fresh faces. The terrible men laughed loudly and took to watching the stage where the lithe dancer resided.

"Zayn!" Mark ushers him over and he runs backstage to change into the demeaning outfit of the night. He's handed the tray and pushed to the bar where the bartender has his drinks and tables ready. He went off on his first rounds.

He felt remarkably quilty for it, but he was thankful that Alex was on stage. He was a new twink, small body and baby smooth skin with a nice rounded ass that could make a straight guy's mouth water. He was still naive and young. He believed himself king of the world with the way his hips moved like molten lava and his lips parted in liquid gold moans. He reminded Zayn a lot of himself, really.

And because Alex was like that, Zayn had no problems getting around. Maybe he got a rude shove here and there, but at least no one was trying to snag a quick grope. That was all he could really ask for.

Unfortunately, the one group of guys he was specifically hoping were too distracted immediately recognized him.

"Oh if it isn't our favorite little whore," one of them beams. Zayn tries to work fast and he places the drinks down quickly, but one of the guys has managed to get behind him.

"So pretty. Are you any good, slut?" he breathes over Zayn's neck. "Dante, gotta see him from back here." And that Dante guy comes up behind him and starts groping