Now he could breathe again through his nose and he flipped off the light switch and made his way back to the bedroom down the hall, back to where Dean would be lying in state. On his back, shallow breaths, eyes barely closed and, Sam knew, the inside of his lids playing this week's Feature Presentation, Jo and Ellen get blown to fucking Kingdom Come in technicolour.

He lay down on the other twin, less than three feet between him and his brother. He could reach out, reach over, towards....instead, he turned onto his side, pillowing his head onto his fists, pulling his legs up, curling himself around a forever emptiness, eyes slitted open to watch over Dean in the gloom cast by the hall light being left on, not accidentally. He didn't bother climbing into his bedroll, he wanted the chilly air of the tiny bedroom and his frozen guts to frost his flesh, wanted to tease his mind with thoughts of how ice burns and how fire burns and soon enough it would be a new day.

He was counting new days as though they were beads on an abacus, slide, slide, slide, pushing them over and waiting for them to add up to when Dean would be able smile again. Time, the great tranquillizer...

-------------

"It's a god-damned job, Dean, that's what it is." Bobby's voice was gruff-familiar, but Sam could hear the grief lining it, not in silver but in black black black.

He nodded past his brother's silence and reached across the kitchen table for the scrap of paper. "We'll handle it, Bobby."

Dean was staring over at the refrigerator, an unreadable look on his face, but Sam was tired of perusing that old news anyway. It had been six days and five nights since Carthage and the colossal failure of the Colt....and....their collective abandonment of hope, sunk beneath waves of gore.

"Dean, we're leaving in the next hour." He said this as matter-of-factly as he could, standing and downing the last of the bitter coffee, walking to the sink and rinsing out the empty mug. He wanted his hands busy and full lest they betray him and reach out to offer an empty comfort. No one seemed to want Sam's hands on them, not any more, not for years, and he wondered if he was emotionally leprous.

He walked out of the room, hands shoved into the pockets of his jeans.

-------------

His eyes were burning, screen glare and scrolling pages of information, sorting through it, held hostage until he could sort the piles, separate out the useless from the more useless. He bit hard and deep into the meat of his cheek. Dean had gone for beer and a long ride in his car. The familiar comfort of another motel room, another town, another hunt, anaesthetizing them. They had been shuffling through the past two days since leaving the asylum of Bobby's place, etherized patients motioning towards their phantom limbs, or worse than that, lobotomised screamers muffled.

Outside the shard-thin window, he heard the low rumble of the Impala's impressive dual exhaust, the metal screeching of the door opening, the satisfying clunk of it closing and he stared harder at the laptop, wishing wanting something he had no idea, no concept of what it was but it was something other than what he was living through. Dean stepped into the room, hip-leaning to close the door, setting the plastic convenience store bag down on the table beside the computer. Digging in deep for a bottle, then almost as an afterthought, pulling out two, popping the caps and swinging one by its neck over to Sam. He nodded his gratitude through a long pull at the beer, opening his throat, pouring it inside him. Numbing promise.

He kept staring at the useless screen, feeling like a blind man feels at Dean's movements through the room; rim-shooting the caps into the metal waste-basket, sipping then suckling the beer, settling himself onto the edge of one of the beds.

"I think it's a corpse eater," Sam said to the table, the laptop, the bottle, the bag, the room. Whispered it deadly to the universe, the unsympathetic cosmos.

"Yeah?" Dean's voice was barely audible. Sam listened as Dean cleared his throat. "Super."

And then.

Sam breathed out, shakily, he would not look he would not look he would not. But with no promised future before him and jagged memories behind him, he turned slowly into the sharp moment - he would - towards the unconcealed sound of human grief, towards his brother. Dean almost unrecognizable in this guise; on the bed, elbows digging painful furrows up and down the length of his thighs as he rocked himself, head buried into his hands, his shoulders shaking and the earth beneath Sam's feet shifted and he staggered to his feet.

"Oh," he breathed out, tears melting into his own throat. "Oh