Sam's blade was torn from his grasp, and he found himself flying through the air and pinned to a tree. It felt like a full-on earthquake now, what with the way the ground was shaking, and Sam could see tombstones crack and crumble under Rowena's ire.

“You think you can fool me?” she shrieked, paying no mind to Sam's struggling. Dean was back on his feet and he tried to shove her to the ground and break her hold on Sam, but she flicked him away without even having to turn, doing the same to Cas and Crowley a second later when they tried. To ensure she wouldn't be disturbed, she pinned them as well.

“I will make you suffer,” Rowena promised. There was a crack of thunder and out of nowhere a gale began to flow, undoing her hair and whipping it all about her face. She looked unhinged, deranged, a lunatic, and behind her Sam saw that Crowley had genuine terror on his face. Well, shit.

He turned his attention back to Rowena to hear her screaming in an unknown language – though Sam could hazard a guess a Gaelic – her voice barely audible over the roaring of the wind. It made Sam's eyes sting and water, each gust feeling like a thousand small icy needles stabbing his skin, turning it raw and painful. He wondered if she was trying to freeze them to death or something.

“I will kill you all!” she screamed, switching back to English, “and I will start with your angel, Sam Winchester! I will make you watch as I torture them all, your brother last of all, and you will feel every single thing I do to them! You will watch the life drain out of them, and your pain will be like nothing anyone has ever felt before!”

And the realization came to Sam, in a rush of nausea, that she had just cursed him. And if he wasn't wrong, it was more or less the same curse she'd used on the women, minus the torturing. Figured, didn't it, that just when Dean got rid of his curse, Sam got one. Still, it was nothing compared to the Mark. They'd deal with it when they had to – right now their focus was to get out of here alive, preferably with Rowena dead.

Her ire was so focused on Sam that she didn't notice that somehow Crowley had gotten free – probably cast a spell of his own – and was creeping up behind her, his clothes whipping about in the powerful wind. She didn't notice him until he was almost on her, blade raised. She laughed, a cold, chilling sound. “Oh, Fergus, you coward,” she spat. “I know you can't do it. I am your mother after all.” She made to do something to do him, Sam couldn't tell what, but before she could do so Crowley had vanished. Sam stared at the space where he'd just been, and made a vow to murder Crowley next time he saw him for daring to leave them alone with his insane mother.

“CAS, NOW!” Dean roared and Sam's head snapped in that direction, watching in growing horror as Castiel came at Rowena, his eyes glowing blue.

“CAS, NO!” he screamed, knowing what would happen before it did. She was too powerful, too angry, and even with his Grace back, she was more than a match for him.

Still, Castiel held his own, fending off her attacks, and Sam saw what he was doing – he was giving Dean enough time to come at Rowena from her blind spot. Sam knew from personal experience that unfocused anger was the worst obstacle when it came to strategy, so while Rowena was still furious and taking it out, they had a chance. Once she had the time to hone that rage and use it against them, they were done for.

Whatever Castiel was doing worked – Rowena's focus turned on him and Sam fell to the ground. Immediately there were hands fisted in his jacket, dragging him up, and he stood to find Dean's face next to his. “Sam!” Dean yelled.

“I'm fine!” Sam yelled back, fighting to be heard over the wind. “Crowley's gone!”

“We'll deal with that fucker later!” Dean vowed. “Let's just finish off this bitch now.”

Sam nodded, accepted the blade Dean handed him, and together they charged Rowena. She heard them coming, however, and once again Dean was sailing through the air, cursing at the peak of his lungs. Sam spared a second to make sure he was fine – with the Mark gone Dean was no longer immune to harm – and then turned back to Castiel and Rowena.

She turned to him as well, her arm raised high, and Sam saw with growing horror that her nails had mutated into sharp black talons – and they were aimed for his throat. He dodged, rolling to