of him instantly, pinning down his limbs.

"It's okay, though. I'll make it better." He could taste the saltiness of the trolls breath, the face was so close to his.

"N-no..." John whimpered. "Please, no..."

"Ugh, you still smell as disgusting as ever, Ampora," a familiar shouty voice came from across the room.

"Hey, Vantas, have you met my new- oomph!" Lust had risen to his knees in order to see Karkat, leaving John free to grab one of the enormous pillows and whack him clear across the head. As the sea dweller tumbled off him, he made a dash for the door.

He was almost there when a growl came from behind him. "I'm not FIN-ished yet!" A hand grabbed John's wrist.

"Like hell you're not!" Karkat's voice was close. There was gasp, and the hand released him finally. Panicked and poor eyes not that suited for the dark, he didn't even stop to try to find Karkat in the dark, instead stumbling and sprinting his way back to the door. Footsteps came up behind him, and John did his best to move even faster. Finally, he reached the fallen padlock, scooping in up on the move and bursting through the doors into the hallway, Karkat hot on his heals. Dave slammed the doors shut after the two of them, and John, hands shaking, tried a few times to put the lock through the handles, succeeding on the third try, shoving it together with a satisfying click.

Still gasping for air, John leaned against the door to catch his breath. Dave was still holding the doors, looking rather tense. "Th-thanks Dave... Karkat..."

"WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU DOING IN THERE DUMBA-" Karkat began to demand, when suddenly Dave was in the way, standing rather closer than John cared to have anyone stand to him right now. The white-blonde head fell on his shoulder, dark glasses pressing awkwardly into John's neck.

"D-Dave?" John inquired, suddenly quite concerned. Did he really cause his friend this much panic? They had only just met... right? "A-are you alright?"

"I..." Dave's voice was low, confused sounding. Just a suddenly as Dave always seemed to move, John's tie was in his hand, pulling their faces closer.

"GET THE FUCK OFF!" Karkat broke in, sliding in the small space between the two, throwing Dave away with considerable force. Dave flew half way across the hallway, to be caught under the arms by Aradia.

"What the hell, Vantas?!" He raged, trying to pull away from Aradia, who held him in place.

"John, you stink like it. Go get a shower and I would suggest burning those clothes if the stench doesn't come out," Karkat growled. Cowering behind the troll until now, John nodded and scampered off to his room, briefly shooting Dave an apologetic look. "Hey!" Karkat shouted to John just as he opened the door to his room. The human stopped and looked back carefully. "Don't think this gets you out of explaining what the fuck is going on here!" With a short nod, he disappeared.

~~~

Dave had grown quiet and still. Karkat shoved his hands in his pockets and stared at the human, who was supposedly so great at keeping his cool composure around everyone else. This was the effect the Seven had on humans. Even the alleged coolest of all human kids couldn't keep a level head.

John's terrified look haunted the two men standing there. While Karkat knew that he and Eridan were very different, and he knew that the look was for the sea dweller, but... Was he really that different from such a monster? It's what the seven of them were: monsters. Maybe he wasn't there yet, but he knew that was his future. Sure, the kid could smile at him now, act like they were old time chums, but one day he knew that he would earn that same look.

Dave's head buzzed with unclear thoughts, clouded over still by that lingering, sickening sweet smell that had clung to John, and by the presence of the troll still standing in front of him. It was... frustrating. Infuriating even. The only thought that he could make out was John's terrified eyes, their faces inches apart. No, he had never wanted that. It sickened him inside, but it wouldn't leave him. Anger building, he finally touched Aradia's hand lightly, letting her know she could let him go. Carefully, her hands fell away. "Get back to your room..." Dave growled, just loud enough for Karkat to hear him with those damn sensitive, pointy troll ears.

"What was that? I sure as hell hope that was a 'thank you'!" Karkat crossed his arms across his chest, looking pointedly at the guard.

"I SAID