though Kris had preferred talking business with their beta, Joonmyun. The Alpha was too, fiery, in the lack of a better comparison point, in his point of view. He seemed like one of those people that made decisions on spot and jumped too high without making sure of obstacles. And Kris wasn’t too fond of this kind of people.

However, it was interesting for Kris to watch the other Alpha’s interactions with his mate. The small man, which he believed was called Bakehyun, seemed to the leader’s perfect pair. As Chanyeol was energetic and seemed to radiate tension, the other man was calm and attentive. They completed each other.

They made Kris rethink some of his choices in life.

As why he was 24 and still didn’t have a mate? The leader of Northern Dragon considered being mated with someone needed to be special, pure and all in all, the best thing in one wolf’s life. Indeed, he looked for that special someone, but no one had proven to him that special bond he was looking for. Call him old fashioned, but that was what he believed to be right.

He found good friends along the way though.

He tried dating Yixing some time ago, but they both agreed that they weren’t what the other one was seeking. Still, to this moment, he trusted the younger Chinese Omega with his life. Beside his Beta, Luhan, Yixing had been his closest confident for some time and the leader didn’t look to change that.

Both Luhan and Yixing had egged him on considering Tao as a future mate. Kris however, refused to even look twice at those ideas. Tao was like his son, his protégée, but he could never be his lover. True, he loved the younger man, but…not like that. Never like that.

For the last two years or so no Omega had manage to peak the strong Alpha’s interest. No one, until that day.

Petite and wide eyed, skin white as snow and flawless, looking a bit bored and a bit tired but still introspective of what was going on around him, that’s how Kris saw him. He noticed the small Omega before he ever saw the leader of the pack.

Kris found the Omega endearing and beautiful beyond his words could ever describe.

But also…the blonde Alpha could see the young man was courted. It was obvious for him that the tanned, handsome dominant that stood proud beside him wasn’t there only because of Chanyeol’s orders. The look in the young dominant’s eyes was longing…who knows how long had the younger man courted the Omega but with no avail.

Northern Dragons’ leader was unsure if he should go for it, at least to take a closer look. He knew how young dominants were when they felt their ‘territory’ was attacked.

And he didn’t feel like dealing with that at the moment. The Tao issue was far more stressing.

.o.

Chanyeol POV

It wasn’t that Chanyeol was overprotective, though he was, he just didn’t like the look the other pack’s leader was giving his unmated Omega while they were waiting for the two young men to return from the other side of the river. He didn’t like it one bit.

‘Calm down…’ Baekhyun whispered to him while gently rubbing his tensed arm.

‘I am calm.’  He replied, a bit too harshly.

Baekhyun immediately retreated, not wanting to be the one his mate threw his anger on. Right away, the Alpha observed the movement and took the small Omega in his arms gently.

‘Is just that I don’t like that look. He should look at his own Omegas, is not like he doesn’t have enough.’

The smaller brunette just sighed. ‘He can look. There aren’t rules that stop him from looking.’

‘Why are you siding with him?’ Chanyeol argued childishly which made Baekhyun roll his eyes.

‘Because you used to look at me in the same way, you big oaf!’ The Omega replied. ‘You looked like that before you took me from my father’s pack. Now stop being like this. If they like each other let them be.’

Chanyeol’s shoulders sagged. ‘But Jongin…’

The older one crosses his arms. ‘Jongin has tried and Kyungsoo doesn’t seem to be paying much attention. They’re friends. Basically Kyungsoo can be courted by whomever if he does it nicely.’

The Alpha still didn’t look pleased.

‘Come onnn~ you weren’t any better, Mr. Mated Alpha.’ Baekhyun joked.

‘Fine. I will let him try. But still, we don’t know what he truly wants.’ He agreed in the end, only to please his too romantic mate.

‘We don’t know a lot of things Yeol. Still…we should wait and see. Something tells me they’ll do the same thing.’

Chanyeol nodded his head and looked over the other group. The Alpha was still standing tall and