? Welcome to Shin Makoku, and Blood Pledge Castle.”

                “Don’t tease them, you know we don’t charge for this service.” The girl sticks her tongue out playfully as the couple watch on with something akin to horror.

                “Is he half human too?” Sylvia asks as soon as Conrad leaves for his daily duties. “Is that really the Lord Weller that was in Dai Shimaron?”

                Because they’ve all heard the legend, of course—the prodigal son of the true Dai Shimaron royal line, the real last Belal that the current king tried to recruit* around ten years ago. Back then, when Lord Weller was in the country, the two of them were just children, but even they heard the rumors. Hints, whispers, the wind of an uprising. Though the rebellious voices died down a bit when they heard their royal heir eventually returned to the Maou*, the possibility and the hope it brought never really disappeared.

                “It’s just that… he looks so young…”

                The girl laughs again. “If you think he looks young, wait till you see His Majesty!”

                Sylvia gives a little yelp at that, and Bard turns a special shade of white. “Y-you’re going to bring us to the Maou?”

                “What, you don’t want me to?” She looks a little dejected. “He’s really not that scary… but then again, he does seem rather busy these days, so I suppose we shouldn’t disturb him.”

                They both heave a sigh of relief, though deep down they both have to swallow that little bit of unexpected disappointment. Still, if they really had to go face to face with the Demon King…

                An explosion nearby suddenly sends them both jumping like scalded frogs.

                “Aw, that’s Anissina again…”

                That name is all too familiar to even the humans. In these past few years of peace, the Poison Lady books have been selling like illegal hotcakes, the ban on them in Shimaron increasing their popularity even further. Sylvia is secretly waiting for the next installment in the thrilling climax, ‘The Poison Lady Takes on the Big Brother’.

                Meanwhile, he girl sighs. “Those poor kitties…”

                Bard gulps, well aware of his wife’s idol. “S-she experiments on kittens?”

                “What? No!” The girl looks shocked. “Of course not! She’s just experimenting on Gwendal, and Gwendal just found these newborn kitties so I was thinking if anyone remembered to feed them in his room…”

                “Gwe Dal*?” Sylvia’s ears perk up at the sound of that hated name. “The villain exists?”

                Yes, but he adopts stray kittens while the heroine tortures him in the name of science… is what Bard chooses not to say.

                “This way to the royal baths…”

                As they walk down the long corridors, they notice a commotion ahead. Before they can blink, a man walks past them without sparing them even a glance—a man of the most unparalleled beauty either of the visitors have ever seen. It is only a glimpse, but his flowing purple-silver hair, his mesmerizing violet eyes trained so focused ahead, the grace and strength in his every stride…

                Sylvia finds herself staring in the direction he went long after he vanished from sight, and Bard only remembers to be jealous when he hears her dreamy sigh.

                “How gorgeous… Is that the Maou?”

                This time, the girl laughs until she’s bent over, and Sylvia remembers almost immediately that the Maou’s defining trait is his black hair and eyes, her cheeks reddening with embarrassment.

                “Günter… the Maou… ahahaha… I’m sorry… it’s just… hahaha…”

                “So that’s Lord von Christ, the strategist?” Priding himself as more than just a man of cold steel, Bard takes his time to know the intellectuals of the world as well. “Look at that single-mindedness, he didn’t even seem to notice us as he passed… Well, that’s how geniuses are, he must have been struck by a sudden stroke of inspiration and was determined to report it to his king.”

                “Eh? That is the direction of Yuuri’s office, sure, but isn’t he just running there because he heard Wolfram has the entire day to spend with Yuuri?”

                …Slowly but surely, the couple’s image of all the mazoku superstars is slowly shattering to pieces.

 

After that they visit the 26th Maou’s famous flower garden, the protected bearbee breeding grounds in the east wing, and admire the Lord Weller Baseball Field* from atop a tower.

                “We have a game like that in Shimaron too, you know…”

                “Yeah-huh, Wolfram got angry because he said they were copying Yuuri and insulting baseball, but Yuuri was completely okay it, saying it’s not baseball at all but something called… ‘cicada’?”

                Personally Bard feels that the game they play is definitely an intentional rip-off of the mazoku’s baseball, but he won’t allow himself to openly put down his country