'm not suggesting we throw Liam into this whole twisted threesome fantasy you have. I just wanna meet the guy who's been taking up half your time if it's not Louis. You must like him."

Henry shook his head and reached for a box of chocolates, popping the top off and taking one before pushing it towards his brother in an offer. "He's alright, I guess. There's not much to him."

"There probably is, but you just don't give him a chance.. just like Louis."

"What's with the therapy session?"

"Henry, I think you should really think about settling down with someone. I was talking to Louis last night and he's a really great and intellectual guy if you'd just sit and talk to him for more than two minutes before you feel the need to put your penis inside of him."

"You were talking to Louis last night?"

"That's all that you got from that?"

Henry scoffed and rubbed his forehead, swiping chocolate from the corners of his mouth with his tongue. "Look, Harry, you know better than anything that I'm not the kind of guy that does relationships. I think falling in love is a waste of time and being with one person for the rest of your life is an illusion. I'd be happier dying alone than risking falling in love and losing that person in a tragic accident and then living years with a broken heart before I croak. If that's you, go ahead, brother. Do whatever your little heart desires, but me? I'm perfectly fine with one night stands and dead end hook ups."

"Wow, you're a lost cost." Harry got up finally to take one of the chocolates from the box, biting half and putting the other half back before walking over to the large window overlooking downtown.

"So, why are you so chipper today, huh? That talk last night must have been real damn good."

Harry laughed and licked his fingers free of chocolate, shrugging his shoulder. "It was nice. At least someone likes spending time with me since my brother's too busy."

"I apologize for having a life and responsibilities."

"You haven't even tried to hang out with me once, Henry. I told you I was coming here for two weeks when mom first announced her wedding and you couldn't take off at least a week to just spend some time with me?"

"Don't start this again. You wanna spend time together, fine. Let's go out tonight. Wherever you want."

"On a Tuesday?"

"Yeah, on a Tuesday. Is that a problem?"

"Well, it's just.." Harry shrugged, turning to face his brother and leaning against the window, arms crossed over his chest. "I'm.. seeing Zayn tonight."

"I thought that was yesterday?"

"I was with Louis."

"So you ditched Zayn for Louis? Wow, bro, I wonder where you got that move from."

"Shut up," Harry scoffed, eyes shifting when the phone rang two times before stopping, Niall's voice sounding through the speaker a few minutes later to tell Henry there was someone on line one for him. He waited until his brother took the call, busying himself with walking over to the row of books, strumming his fingers along each one.

"Listen, Haz, I gotta get going. I have an important meeting I have to get to, but have fun on your date with Zayn tonight. You want me to take off tomorrow or something and we'll make a day out of it?"

"Aw, you'd do that for me, big bro?"

Henry rolled his eyes, stuffing some papers into his briefcase before walking to his coat rack to grab his jacket, slipping it on. "Don't make me change my mind."

"Fine," Harry laughed, lifting his hands up in mock surrender. "Tomorrow we'll hang out."

"Great."

The two of them walked out and heads were popping out of cubicles to get a look at the twin brothers, a few gasps and wide eyes greeting them. Harry couldn't help but laugh, waiting until Henry closed the door to his office before they walked down the hallway to the elevator that took them down to the first floor and they went their separate ways with a simple goodbye.

Harry's phone buzzed as he slipped into his rental car, pulling it from his pocket to read the text, a large smile spreading over his face.


u should hear the way these girls are talking about u and henry. it's glorious.
What are they saying?
something along the lines of "did u see the ass on other twin? god, how could they be so fucking gorgeous? its completely unfair."
LOL, they were checking out my ass, huh? That's slightly embarrassing.
hope u don't mind that i got a little jealous and might've mentioned that i heard