standing by the entrance.

Jongin glanced around, beanie now absent from his head and a smile eased onto his face when he spotted Sehun. Jongin walked toward him and teetered back onto his heels when he was close enough.

“What are you doing here?” Sehun asked.

“I told you that I’d drop by, didn’t I?” Jongin grinned. “Did you just finish?”

“I- Yeah. I finished around ten minutes ago.”

“So,” Jongin shoved his hands into the pockets of his jacket, “Does that mean you’re free at the moment?”

Sehun felt eyes on his back and turned around and found Kyungsoo staring at them with a look of curiosity on his face. Sehun turned back to Jongin, “Yeah, I’m free,” and it wasn’t a lie.

“Cool.” Jongin nodded before he met Sehun’s eyes, “Do you want to get something to eat?”

Sehun ran his tongue over his lips, “Sure.”

 

They had settled for McDonald’s. Jongin sat in the booth with his legs crossed as he picked up a fry. He still had five chicken nuggets left and Sehun was halfway through Big Mac.

“Why did you drop by today?” The question had been on Sehun’s mind since they had left the cinema and Jongin didn’t look fazed.

“Well, why not?” He grinned as he rested his chin into his palm, “I was curious and wanted to see where you worked.”

“Where do you work?”

“At a pet shop,” Jongin’s face lit up.

“You must like animals.”

“I love them. I want to get a puppy but my landlord won’t let me.” He said with a slight pout and Sehun was left staring.

There was a comfortable silence in the air and Jongin unfurled his legs from under himself and stretched them out underneath the table; his knees bumped against Sehun’s.

 

 


Day  35. 


They had exchanged phone numbers and texted frequently. They had added each other on facebook and tagged each other in memes. Instagram was the least-used app on Sehun’s phone but started using it again because Jongin had embedded himself into Sehun’s life. Baekhyun was busier these days and he was either wrapped up in work, university or Minseok, and Sehun had found himself searching for Jongin’s name in his inbox.

 

 

  


Day 43.


“Hey,” Baekhyun began as he let himself into Sehun’s apartment, the latter had forgotten that he had given Baekhyun a key, “I’m tired.”

Sehun hadn’t even bothered to look away from the television and sighed, “Was this the reason why you decided to come over? Just to tell me that?”

“It’s one of the reasons,” Baekhyun ran his fingers through Sehun’s hair as he walked past where he was sitting on the couch and his was distant now. It seemed to be coming from the direction of the kitchen, “Well that, and I need to sleep. I can’t be bothered taking the commute home and your place is closer than mine.”

“You know, if you had a license you wouldn’t be having this problem.” Sehun looked over his shoulder and was met with the sight of Baekhyun downing half of his iced tea straight from the bottle.

“You may be right – but I’m lazy,” Baekhyun laughed as he closed the fridge. “Now excuse me, I am going to take a nap in your comfortable bed. I’ll see you in a few hours.”

 

Sehun was in the same position Baekhyun had left him in when he went to nap. He walked into the lounge room dressed in Sehun’s clothes and flopped down onto the couch, head in Sehun’s lap. Sehun glanced down momentarily before he looked back to the screen.

“I love your bed,” Baekhyun yawned despite having just woken up.

“So do I. It’s a good bed.”

“It is,” Baekhyun hummed happily before he poked at the area under Sehun’s ribcage. He chuckled when Sehun spasmed. “Now excuse me, can you please tell me why the fuck I’m not your number one best friend on Snapchat. Who are you replacing me with?”

“Oh,” Sehun looked down and away from the television, “Jongin’s been snapping me,” and rolled his eyes when he saw the look on Baekhyun’s face.

“So, Jongin?”

“Yeah. We’ve just been talking, that’s all.”

“Just talking?”

“I guess,” Sehun shrugged, “But he did show up to my work the other day, and we went out to eat.”

Baekhyun raised a brow and his grin widened as he reached up to pinch at Sehun’s cheeks, “My boy is growing up.”

Sehun swatted his hands away, “Stop that. It isn’t anything serious. All we do is talk and we hung out like once. I don’t see what the big deal is.”

“It’s okay to