I wanna be the first to know.”

Simmons finally shut up at that, curling in on himself further, looking thoroughly soured. None of them liked remembering that Bug Gulch was truly, honestly all they had - for a lot of reasons. Food anxiety. Little water. Cramped quarters. No mates. Pesticides, maybe, though it was typical Donut bullshit, if you asked Grif. Good old ennui. Grif could swear he saw Lopez lose a leg and shrug it off, once, but he was afraid to mention it to anyone. Everyone in here was an asshole.

For all of those, Grif had a tried and tested method. At least, worked wonders up until getting venom and insults spit at him every evening at six PM sharp, but by then he was usually too busy running laps and trying to rub off Sarge’s projectiles off of him to think about how shitty life’s been.


Anyway.


 He nuzzled himself cozier, spreading his legs around and rubbing them into the sand, and was asleep within moments, a very vague and unformed thought flickering through his head before he was out: that it was good to have a brain small enough to embrace denial. He’d have hated to be a mammal.



 

 

Artwork by Idler. Thank you so much! <3 (Simmons is based on an Araneus Diadematus here!)  

Grif's a sand spider, Simmons is some sort of an orb weaver, Donut is a sparklemuffin peacock spider, Sarge is some sort of a projectile-spitting asshole spider, and Lopez is a Daddy-Long-Legs (which, if you could stand this fic long enough to read this note, you probably know isn't actually a spider).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCFGCganiuE watch it at 0.25 speed and imagine the spider making exaggarated grunts and going-to-sleep noises all the time. That's Grif.

Enter the Blue Team.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

The fly was sitting in the middle of a leaf, rubbing its forelegs together and looking around jerkily. Its black and brown body stood out against the green, making it all the more exposed. It was so stupid that he almost felt sorry for it, but on the other foreleg - anything dumb enough to idle here was on evolution’s chopping block, and deserved to be eaten.

It was, after all, in Blue territory.  His  territory. It had nobody to blame but itself.

He leaned closer, slowly, slowly, too slow to catch his prey’s eye, his green body camouflaged perfectly by the sunlight filtering through the canopy of the leaf above him. He trained his eyes on the target, and felt his legs tense in preparation for the lunge. One more split second of stillness. One more silent exhale, and-- he launched himself forward in the blink of an eye, his sharp, spiked arms slicing the air at lightning speed. The leaf wobbled from the impact of his landing.

The fly stared at him. He stared at it back. Somewhere to the left, Tucker’s chirping filled the silence, because being a non-hunting plant-eating hippie apparently left plenty of time for being an asshole.

“Motherfucker ,” Church said. “I swear to god, I’m gonna find out how you keep doing this shit.”

Laughter erupted all around him. One of the onlooking flies laughed so hard that it rolled off its perch and fell to the sand with a dull sound. Church’s would-be dinner was thudding his legs on the leaf, entire body shaking. The audience started flinging pieces of rotting meat they liked to bring to the show, and Church let off a chain of juicy expletives, half-trying to deflect them with his arms, half-trying to stab the fucker in front of him.

“Shut up, everyone, shut up,” the fly suddenly sobered, gesturing around with its legs with a grave expression. The laughter trailed off, replaced with a silence full of mean-spirited anticipation. The flies, as one, leaned forward. “I think we’re being  pret-ty rude to our host, ain’t we not, fellas? How about a fair chance. Huh? What do you say, one best out of ten?” The peanut gallery roared again, and the fly raised its voice as it rose off the leaf and alighted on the ground below. “I won’t be moving at all! Oh my, look, I seem to have fallen to my back, y’all, how bad! Unfortunate for me! Larry, you got a plate I could put my ass on?” Church grit his mandibles and lunged blindly ahead, too pissed off to even try to concentrate.

He jabbed and stabbed the air with furious strikes, spraying dry sand around, fast enough that they could be heard even over the jeering. After almost a minute of the onslaught, his rage fuel started running out, and he slowed, then stopped slashing, panting from exhaustion. The fly was laying prone in a small crater