wistful look out the door after Morgan. "What do we do?"

"Same thing we always do, Pinkie," Prentiss said blackly.

"Don't joke. Please don't joke about this."

"It's not a joke," Reid said. Hotch had folded his arms in his most uncompromising attitude, and lifted his chin now as he surveyed their reactions: Rossi's set jaw, JJ's shaken nod, and Lim's relief at not having to choose between his team and the right thing. "We catch him."

 


5. David Rossi


Garcia looked up what records she could find without a warrant. No-one was very surprised that no evidence of murder sprang out from them.

Lim and two other agents with cars Hotch wouldn't recognise handed off a tail on him two nights in a row. One evening he went out to a bar and ate a cheap steak while splitting his attention between the cheap television and some paperwork; the next he spent an hour at the gym before spending the rest of the night in his apartment.

On the third night the BAU were on a plane to Indiana. By the time they returned, another man had been murdered. He'd been at the same bar on the same night as Hotch, but what did that prove? The police were convinced it was gang-related, and there was nothing to indicate they were wrong.

Another attempt at tailing him ended early when he went out for a bike ride. "There's no way a car can go that slow without being noticed," Lim reported over the phone.

Rossi, back in the BAU with Reid, JJ and Prentiss, said, "I swear to God, if he's cycling to the murder scenes..."

"It'd explain how he got in and out so quietly for some of them," JJ said — "but isn't it too soon since the last one?"

Probably. Maybe. They were used to knowing that someone might be killing even as they spoke, but knowing it about Hotch— Reid blurted, "We could search his apartment while he's out."

"He's not going to keep evidence in his apartment," Rossi said.

Pursing his lips, he argued, "He might."

"He works in the US Attorney's Office: no-one's giving us a warrant based on a profile. We try, he hears about it and all we get is he starts being more careful."

Prentiss cleared her throat and said diffidently, "I've still got a key. And the code to the alarm."

Rossi gave her an incredulous look.

She glanced down at the tabletop, but shrugged. "If we knew we were going to find something there, we'd be safe to get a warrant."

There was a long silence, where no-one looked at anyone else. Finally Rossi said, "We're not talking about this. Tonight's a washout. Let's all go home, get some rest, come back with fresh eyes tomorrow."

*

There were no better ideas the next day, only a fresh stack of consults needed on other cases. Late in the morning, JJ called Morgan out to get his opinion on something; a minute later Prentiss asked Reid casually, "So, you want to go get some lunch?"

He darted his eyes up at Rossi's office, but he was off in a meeting with Strauss. Lim  was pretending not to notice anything. "Yeah, okay."

They made it as far as the elevator before Morgan caught the door and slipped in with them. "Come on," he said when Prentiss banged the back of her head against the elevator wall. "You've been acting weird all morning and suddenly JJ's trying to distract me?"

"We're going to talk about the case," Reid told him.

"You don't need to sneak out of Quantico in the middle of the day to talk about the case." He waited them out; they waited him out right back. "Look, I do not want to dig into Hotch's life. But I don't want to find out what happens to your careers if he comes home with food poisoning and finds you breaking into his apartment without a warrant, either. You know you need a lookout."

*

Prentiss knocked; waited. "Hotch?"

Silence still. She glanced at Reid — he looked in turn down the empty corridor — and pulled on a pair of gloves. The key turned in the lock, and she moved confidently to the alarm as Reid took a hesitant step in after her.

Hotch turned to them from a window, and Reid recoiled from the furious glower on his face. But Prentiss finished unsetting the alarm, and he forced himself to pull on his own gloves and close the door behind them.

"The bourbon's gone," he noticed first. Hotch had stopped drinking, after the attack, or at least he'd never let Reid catch him at it. But he'd kept the bottle there,