Please don’t hurt me.”

Jared steps over the glass and pulls Jensen into a hug, nuzzling his nose against the top of his head. “Hey, people make mistakes. And I will never hurt you. What were you doing out here anyway?”

“Trying to get the dishes done before you woke up, Sir.”

“You don’t have to do the dishes, Jensen.” He grabs the broom and sweeps up the mess, tossing it into the trash. “You wanna go back to bed?”

Jensen shakes his head and Jared says, “Go have a seat, I’ll make you a bowl of cereal.” Jensen complies, watching Jared intently from the table but never making eye contact. Jared places the bowl in front of him, sitting across from Jensen and eating his own cereal quietly.

A half hour later, they’re watching TV and Jensen turns to him and whispers, “Thank you.” Jared just grins and grabs his hand, squeezing. Jensen raises his voice, “Really. I’m grateful.”

“No need to thank me. Um. I have something for you. Hold on.”

Jared scurries to his room and pulls out Jensen’s gift from the nightstand, rushing back down and smiling at him. “I heard it brings a sense of security and—yeah.” He holds out the present and Jensen nods, tears gathering at the corners of his eyes. Jared fastens the collar around Jensen’s neck and says, “I promise.”

Jensen starts crying and buries his face in the crook of his neck. His fingers are clutching Jared’s shirt tightly, like he’s afraid he’s not real.

Jared mumbles reassurances and kisses the top of Jensen’s head, allowing him to let out his emotions. “It’s alright. I’ll take care of you.”

Jensen sniffles and pulls away, smiling weakly. His entire face lights up when he smiles, even though it’s only for a moment. Jared just thinks he’s beautiful.

A week later, Jared tosses his jacket onto the table, tired from work. He stops for a moment and looks around, wondering where Jensen went and why the hell his house smells like laundry detergent and vanilla. “Jensen?” He stalks off into his room and sees Jensen hanging up his clothes, “Jensen.”

Jensen jumps, “Oh. Sorry I’m not finished yet. I cleaned for you and—”

Jared kisses him, really kisses him for the first time. He holds Jensen flush against himself and grins when he feels Jensen hook his arms around his neck. Jared pants hard against his mouth and when he pulls back, Jensen’s blushing and he’s trying to regulate his breathing.

“Jesus. You didn’t have to clean the whole house.”

“It kept me busy, Sir.”

“Call me Jared, okay?”

Jensen nods and says, “I was going to make you food, as well, but I didn’t get to it. I’m sorry.”

Jared grabs Jensen by the shoulders, “You don’t have to apologize for everything, Jensen. Thank you for cleaning up for me.” Jensen’s eyes look brighter, definitely a lot greener. Jared just wants to put all of the life back into him. He raises an eyebrow, “Can you really cook?”

“A little bit. Before, I was used as a house and bed slave.”

Jared whispers, “And yet people still treated you cruelly. After everything you did for them.”

Jensen looks down at himself, “It was okay. I deserved it.”

“No. You didn’t. No one deserves that.” He rubs the scar on Jensen’s shoulder with his thumb, quietly asking, “What’s this from?”

“Knife.”

“They pulled a fucking knife out on you?”

“It was for the best. He thought I was getting out of line. I needed to know my place.” Jensen turns back around and continues hanging clothes up in the closet, suddenly even more self-conscious about his marks.

Jared comes up behind him and presses his lips to his shoulder, kissing his scar.

“Why haven’t you asked anything of me yet?”

“Because I want you to see that I mean what I say. I will keep you safe and I won’t ever harm you.” Jensen shudders and Jared grabs a shirt from the closet, urging Jensen to put it on, “It’ll keep you warm.” The shirt’s too big, ghosting over Jensen’s thighs. Jared gets a pair of sweatpants from his dresser, “Here.”

Jensen looks unsure but steps into the pants, attempting to tighten them by the strings. “Thank you.”

“No problem. If you ever need anything, feel free to wear my clothes.” Jensen thanks him again and Jared asks, “How old are you, Jensen?”

“Twenty five.”

Jared nods, “I’m twenty two, but—”

This time, Jensen leans up and kisses him. When