’t the Alpha’s mate?"

Cas took a big swig of water and then nodded. "They can, of course, even if the Alpha has first choice. And all other Alpha pups are killed at birth."

Cas made pleased sound when the commercial break was over and Dr. Sexy started again but Dean could do nothing but gape at the Were.

"I’m sorry, what?" he asked after too long in silence and Cas looked confusedly over at him as if he had thought they were done with that discussion. "Killed?"

"Well, yes." Cas deadpanned. "Only the Alpha’s pups are allowed to form new packs so if any of the other pups are born an Alpha they have to be killed. The leader’s pups cannot be questioned for dominance later."

Dean’s head spun a little because what the hell? Still, he had to remind himself that Weres were different from humans and they had different ways of looking at things. Dominance was a particularly touchy subject for Alphas and the ability to lead and control a pack was very dependent on it. And Betas and Omegas really looked to their Alpha for safety and protection, what would a weak Alpha be able to contribute? But still, pups were just babies.

"Would you do it?" he mumbled after a while spent just staring at each other. "If you had a pack, would you kill the pups?"

Cas broke eye-contact and looked out into nothingness. He looked much more worn-out all of a sudden and Dean wanted to take back the question just as much as he wanted to hear the answer.

"I would’ve had to." Cas answered after a while, his voice low. "If anyone in my pack would have…" he drew a deep sigh and looked sadder than ever.

"So you do have a pack of you own!" Dean exclaimed and startled Cas out of his thoughts. "Sorry, I’ve just been wondering. I mean, why’re you not with them?"

Cas opened his mouth but then snapped it shut again, looking away and definitely looking unhappy. "It doesn’t matter."

Dean turned more bodily to Cas. "Of course it does." He said much too enthusiastically but he couldn't help it; he had been wondering for too long to stop now that the question had come up naturally. "I mean, where are they? Wouldn’t you want to be with them? I guess you can’t all live here but wouldn’t you want to see them or they could come he—?"

"I don’t want to talk about it!" Cas suddenly barked in a voice that left no room for arguments. He rose abruptly and Dean only stared at him as Cas snarled down at him, hackles raised and the red of Alpha rage bleeding into his eyes. "Leave it." He growled warningly and stalked out of the living room, the door to his room slamming shut moments later.

Dean sat in absolute stunned silence for a long while, just staring after the Alpha with his eyes open wide in shock. That had been Cas’ Alpha voice, Dean had no doubt, and it scared him. Cas had never used it threateningly before that Dean knew about. Whatever had happened between Cas and his pack was obviously something that hurt the Alpha deeply and Dean regretted everything he had said. He had been right in not prodding until now so why the fuck hadn’t he let it be? Why did he have to be so selfish, wanting to push the Alpha only for his own curiosity’s sake?

Dean wasn’t surprised to feel the hollow blackness in his chest but he couldn’t endure it for long. He knew he had been in the wrong and he wanted nothing more than to soothe the upset Alpha. He couldn’t purr and everything he said would be too little but even so Dean couldn’t sit here while Cas wallowed in depression.

Slowly Dean got to his feet and slunk over to the bedroom door. He knocked silently and received a growl so loud he could hear it through the wood. He cringed at it but opened the door a little anyway.

"I’m coming in, Alpha." He said in a tone much sadder than he had thought to. Fuck, his chest hurt.

Inside there was of course no sign of the Were. The boxes Dean had stuffed in here were still unpacked, the bed unused. The only thing that indicated that this room was being used was the bag with the toys Sam had brought and the books that lay in a neat pile on the dresser. There was no Alpha, though, but Dean already knew where to look.

He padded over to the bed and did his best to ignore Cas’ low growls. When he kneeled down beside the bed to look under it he was met with the Alpha’s gleaming eyes but thankfully the red of Alpha rage was gone. Cas just looked wary and Dean’s heart skipped an uncomfortable beat.

"I’m sorry." Dean said sincerely. Hell,