his entire body.

“You look great,” Niall whispers, tugging at the collar of the sweater to make it fall off of Harry’s shoulder. He places open mouthed kisses to his skin, his tongue trailing over his collarbone and biting down hard enough to leave teeth impressions.

Harry sighs, contently, both of his hands winding around Niall’s shoulders. He parts his legs wider and grinds his hips up, beckoning for Niall to touch. But when he doesn’t, Harry peeks through one eye and asks,

“Do you know what I want?”

Niall hums. “I have an idea,” he smirks, “but I do that every time, don’t I? Touch you and suck you off. What if I tried something new?”

Harry tilts his head to the side, already not liking the sound of this.

“Do you remember,” Niall continues, “that thing that you said we could try?”

Harry scans his memory, looking back at all the things, all the positions they’ve wanted to try since day one. He pulls a blank.

“No, I don’t.”

Niall leans in, takes his earlobe into his mouth and sucks on it lightly. “I want to fuck you –” Harry moans, nails digging into the other’s back, “with my mouth. Can I?”

And he instantly stills. His thighs tremble, his fingers letting up. Shaking his head, but not saying no, he asks, “With your tongue?”

“Bingo.”

“You want to…”

“Eat you out? Yeah.”

“What if I don’t like it?”

“Then I’ll stop.”

Harry relaxes.

“But,”

He tenses again.

“That doesn’t mean that you shoot me down before I even get my tongue inside of you, alright? Give it a chance.”

His eyes roll shut at the sound of tongue and inside you being all in one sentence. He nods hesitantly and allows Niall to move him about. There are heavy hands on his hips, twisting and turning him onto his belly. Those same hands grip his thighs roughly, pulling back so that he’s propped up on his knees, his chest still hugging the sheets. He feels Niall push the hem up, exposing him and making him blush. He wonders when he became so shy, or if he’s always been this way. Maybe it’s the sweater, he thinks, or maybe it’s the damn lights that are still on, beaming down on them. He really hates when Niall forgets to turn the lights out, but perhaps that was the entire point. He thinks about mentioning it, but then Niall’s hands are holding him open and there’s the softest tickle of his tongue touching him.

Harry tightens up, his body goes rigid, and he tries with all of his might to not wiggle away and tell Niall to get lost. It’s just strange. He doesn’t understand why Niall’s so interested in it or why he’s never forgotten the time that Harry said they could try it out. That was nearly five months ago! That doesn’t matter much, though, because in an instant, Niall’s tongue pushes into him along with one of his fingers and Harry finds himself pushing back, grinding against Niall’s face. He moans in embarrassment. It’s as if his hips are moving on their own accord and right now he can’t seem to get them to stop. Niall’s tongue moves quickly inside of him, he pulls his finger out and runs the flat of his tongue over Harry’s rim, then he’s sticking it back in and adding two fingers.

Harry’s thighs start to shake and he’s whining deep in his chest, sounding like some kind of helpless animal. The wetness of Niall’s tongue feels good – almosttoo good, and Harry wants to feel more of it.

He mutters out a soft “yes” as Niall adds yet another finger, his tongue working with them, moving in and out, in and out, creating a rhythm that Harry’s hips begin to move with. When Niall pushes in, Harry pushes back, and with each push, their movements become harder, stronger and Harry’s moaning into the bed sheets, a hand fisting his own hair, sweat beginning to collect on his forehead.

Niall pulls away, his fingers still fucking into him, and he says, “Tell me what you want,” in a voice that sounds wasted.

Harry lets his legs open wider, his hips move closer to the mattress and he pushes his bum out farther.

“Inside,” he whispers, “I want you inside of me.”

“I’m already inside,” Niall says back, the sound of a smirk evident in his voice.

“Your dick,” Harry grinds out. He looks over his shoulder and catches Niall’s eye. “Fuck me the right way.”

Niall’s eyes brighten up, the corners of his mouth pull up into a small smile