tears coming to my eyes.







“Good.” He kissed me roughly one last time and I shut my eyes again. The feeling of his lips disgusted me now and I was praying that he would go away. Luckily, a few moments later I felt my wrists being released and the bed shifted as he got up. He grabbed his clothes and got dressed, then left the room without another word.







I curled up on the bed, crying harder than I ever had before. I felt so dirty and used, not knowing what I would do when I had to face that monster again. All those sweet things he had said to me before, about not being able to stand the thought of losing me, didn’t mean a thing to me now. I wanted nothing to do with him, but didn’t know what to do. I had nowhere to go and was terrified of what would happen if he were to catch me leaving.







I stayed on the bed for awhile until I finally found the strength to sit up. My entire body was sore, and I looked down at my wrists which now had horrible bruises on them. The blood on my shoulder had dried, and it felt like it was on fire when I moved it.







Slowly, I stood up, my legs wobbly. I had to hold onto the wall as I carefully made my way out of the bedroom.







The only thing I could think of right now was Usagi-san- No, I couldn’t call him that anymore. That was the nickname I had adopted from my brother, but now it only made me shudder in disgust.







I was afraid that Usami would catch me leaving the room and come back. Looking down the hallway in both directions, I concluded that he was in the living room and couldn’t see me. As quickly as I could, I went into the bathroom, closing and locking the door behind me. My hands were shaking as I did so. He had surely heard the door close and although it was locked, he had a key to it. If he wanted to he could come in at any time. I dreaded the thought.







The water in the tub was turned to just above warm and I waited for it to fill up. While I did, I glanced at my reflection in the mirror and was repulsed with what I saw. I was so hideous. My shoulder looked repulsive with the dried blood and bite marks. The bruises were on not only my wrists, but also my jaw and cheek. My peridot-colored eyes that were usually so full of life were now dull and pitiful. I hated myself.







I quickly wiped my eyes which were starting to water again and got in the tub once it was full. I stayed in there for about half an hour, scrubbing furiously at myself, but no matter how many times I washed myself, I still felt dirty. I was miserable, but knew that I couldn’t stay in there all night, so I soon got out and dried off.










Once again, I feared leaving the room because I didn’t want to alert 






him. 






My clothes were in the main bedroom, so I went in there to grab them as fast as I could, but then made my way to one of the spare bedrooms. I couldn’t stand to be in the other room after what had taken place there.










As I got dressed, overwhelming thoughts ran through my head. What would I do now? I couldn’t stay there, but leaving was just as hard. I had nowhere to go. There was no way I could ask Nii-chan to get me. I wouldn’t dare tell him of what had happened, and he lived over six hours away. There wasn’t anyone else I was close enough to for me to ask that kind of help from, and even if there was, I was scared to reveal the truth of why I had to leave.










Even if I 






did 






have somewhere to go, how would I leave? With that horrible man here, I was stuck. The only chance I would have to escape would be when he was asleep.










Then it occurred to me.







Things had been very quiet in the living room, and if the amount of discarded beer cans were any indication, he had likely consumed a great amount of alcohol. Enough to knock him out for awhile.







Now fully dressed, I took a major risk and opened the bedroom door, slowly heading down the hallway. Once I was at the end, I carefully peeked out into the living room. My spirits were instantly lifted when I saw that Usami was fast asleep on the couch. I was still very nervous though. What if he awoke when I opened the front door? The thought of him catching me was terrifying. But the fact that I at least had a chance to get away gave me hope.







So without wasting a second, I hurried to get my shoes on and grabbed my phone. The next moments felt like an eternity.







The only sounds I could hear were that of the soft snoring coming from