." The Dark Lord let go of his chin and began to glide towards the house. "She is a half-blood who married a well-respected pureblood, sullying the good name of Brown. Her husband paid for his transgressions with his life. Now it is her turn. You will kill her tonight."

Severus felt his heart turn to ice and his feet stop moving. "What?"

The Dark Lord turned to him, his red eyes glittering unnaturally in the low light. "I demand loyalty. Show me that you are loyal."

"If I may, my Lord, perhaps I should kill my parents for you. This woman means nothing to me."

"You dare lie to me to protect a half-blood old witch?"

Severus lowered his gaze, staring at the steps that led into the house. "No, my Lord."

"Prove your loyalty, Severus, and I will give you the world. The name of Snape will have meaning again and you will be the most powerful Potions Master in the world."

The words trickled into Severus's brain and down his spine, warming him with promises of power and glory. Mrs. Brown with her gentle hands and supportive words were so far away. He felt drugged with a desire for power that she had never been able to give him. Spells, no matter how dark they were, could not protect him any longer. Her love could not protect him any longer.

Severus raised his hand and opened the door with a flick of his wand. Moving slowly, the Dark Lord close behind him, Severus walked into the small room he knew all too well. The bed in the corner was occupied by a sleeping Mrs. Brown, the couch waiting with blankets and pillows he knew were laid out in case he came back that night.

He stood over her and peered at her sleeping face, the lines and wrinkles smoothed out into a gentle expression of contentment. She slept so easily, so unafraid. He could just kill her like this, kill her in her sleep so she didn't know what was coming.

"Wake her."

Severus closed his eyes when the Dark Lord gave his order. He reached out a hand and shook her shoulder gently. "Mrs. Brown?"

Eyelashes fluttered briefly before she opened her eyes and peered up at him sleepily. A smile crossed her face, the lines around her eyes crinkling.

"What's the matter, Severus?"

A light flared up behind them and Mrs. Brown looked in that direction, her expression one of fear when she saw the man standing behind Severus. She looked back at Severus quickly.

"You don't want this, Severus. Please, darling. Just walk away."

"You don't know what I want," Severus said through gritted teeth, pressing his wand against her throat with a shaking hand. "You're just a filthy half-blood who tried to move past her station in life. You have to pay for that."

Mrs. Brown's expression grew shuttered at that. "And you are the one who will make me pay?"

"Yes!"

She moved slowly as she climbed out of the bed, standing before him with her arms spread, her palms facing out. "I am unarmed, Severus."

"You are never unarmed. You forget that I know you," Severus's voice shook with emotion he couldn't understand much less name. "I know how powerful you are."

"I was not powerful enough to save you." She reached out a hand and cupped his cheek gently. "Power isn't everything."

Severus pushed her away roughly, half-throwing her back on the bed. He raised his wand again, his arm steady this time. Mrs. Brown didn't try to move, just stared at him with unblinking eyes until he could take it no longer and the words came out before he could stop them.

"Avada Kedavra!"

Severus closed his eyes against the green light and fell to his knees in shame and guilt. Mrs. Brown lay unmoving on the bed, dead by his hand. A week earlier he had sat on the floor next to her bed as she darned his robes to make him presentable to meet the Dark Lord. She had supported his decision, pressed a kiss to his forehead and promised that she believed in him.

"Very good, Severus. You have done well tonight."

Severus lifted his head, his vision swimming as the Dark Lord hovered over him. The voice told him to push back his sleeve and he did, exposing his left forearm. A wand was touched to his forearm and in a rush of pain and hatred, the Dark Mark was burned into his skin, his loyalty proven with her death.

Back at Malfoy Manor, Lucius plied him with expensive brandy and tales of what they all would become. Severus nodded in the right spots and smiled when necessary. Rosier, Wilkes, and Avery carried on Lucius's high spirits, none of them noticing that Severus was most definitely not in the same room with them.

He was lost in a small room in