easier for both him and Shouyou.

Speaking of whom, the boy started moving against him. Daichi smiled and stroke his back gently. The little boy rubbed his sleepy eyes and yawned, before looking up at his dad. Shouyou smiled, as brightly as always, and loudly greeted his father.

“Hello to you too, Shouyou. But you have to be quiet, okay?” He put up his finger in front of lips, quickly mimicked by the three-year-old boy. “People are sleeping.”

Shouyou let out a “oooooh” and nodded eagerly. He turned around, Daichi letting his grip on him get a bit looser and started watching people around them. Daichi chuckled and kissed the crown of his hair before looking back at his phone.

He felt Shouyou shift many times in his hold, curious as he had always been. Then for a moment, the boy kept still. Intrigued, Daichi looked up and saw his son intensely watching the man in front of them.

The man had probably noticed his son’s staring because he looked like he just wanted to disappear under the seat. Daichi put his phone in his pocket and moved Shouyou, trying to break the eye-contact. But even as he turned him to look at him, Shouyou kept his eyes on the man. Daichi sighed, smiling.

“Shouyou, you know it’s impolite to stare at people like that, right?”

“Hah?!” Well, despite the loud reply, it at least made him look at his dad to give the stranger a break.

“Now, apologize to the mister, you made him uncomfortable.”

The man started and looked up, flustered and seemingly ready to say it was nothing, but Shouyou didn’t let him time to do so and he apologized loudly. It made the man start again. Daichi smiled apologetically at him.

“Papa, he have long hair!!” Shouyou pulled on his sleeve and pointed to the man’s hair. Daichi bit his lip, trying not to laugh. The poor man didn’t deserve so much trouble in the morning. But Shouyou’s earnest personality was always fun to witness.

Daichi looked again at the man who seemed even more panicked than at the beginning. Shouyou was right though, he had long hair, even if it was tied in a low bun. Some strands of hair outlined the man’s face nicely.

“I’m sorry about that” Daichi told him with a smile.

The man held up his hands, still flustered. “No, no, it’s nothing! I-I’m just a bit anxious because of my new work but it’s no big deal really!”

“Oh? You’re starting work today?” Daichi thought a bit of talk would probably help the man calm down – and that gave Shouyou a reason to look at him without seeming too rude.

“Y-Yeah!”

“I’m starting work this morning too, I’m a teacher in high school.”

“Really?! I’m a kindergarten teacher!” the man beamed, apparently delighted to meet a fellow teacher. “Which high school are you teaching in?”

“Karasuno High.”

“Oh! I have a friend working there, and the school I’m working for isn’t too far either! Ah, does that mean that little guy here will be in my class?”

Shouyou nodded enthusiastically, even though he himself didn’t know if it was the case. Daichi asked the name of the school but it turned out it was the one he chose for his son. He had to admit he was glad about that because it seemed that Shouyou wouldn’t want anyone else for teacher now. He chuckled.

“Oh, I didn’t introduce myself, by the way!” the man held out his hand. Daichi noticed that the talk did make him more comfortable and he looked more confident. Now that he was sitting a bit more straightly, it was obvious he was pretty broad-shouldered. “I’m Azumane Asahi!”

“Sawamura Daichi.” He shook his hand, then nudged Shouyou who reacted right away.

“I’m Shouyou!!”

Both adults laughed, and Asahi shook Shouyou’s little hand as well.

“If you’re teaching in high school, that means your classes end late, right?”

“Ah, yes. I was also asked to coach the boys’ volleyball team but with Shouyou’s school hours, I had to refuse.”

“I could take care of him after school if you want! I mean, he doesn’t look like he dislikes me, so if it can help you, I don’t mind keeping an eye on him for a few more hours. You could also accept the coach job, it looks like you really wanted to say ‘yes’.” Asahi smiled at him, then a flash of panic came back in his eyes. “But, I mean, it’s really okay if you don’t want to! I mean, we literally just met and I probably sound like a kidnapper or something, oh