the most perfect popular intelligent human being. You can’t go and ask her out!! SHE asks you out”.

“So..why she didn’t ask you out?” 

“Because I’m so out of her league. And I’m…me”. Stiles voice was a little sad. He never had a lot of self esteem.

“What’s that supposed to mean? You are awesome Stiles. An annoying little shit but awesome and intelligent too. And you are always happy wherever you are” Derek realized too late what he said. But it was the true, so shut up. 

“Whoa, that was really nice Derek. Thanks. I hope she could see that. But you don’t count. You are like my brother, you have to say nice things to me”

“I don’t say nice things to Scott you know?”

Stiles blushed a soft red and Derek couldn’t stop the feeling of being proud for made him blush. It was adorable.




_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ 

Even if they didn’t talk so often, once a month, his life lighted up a little, when John drove him to see Derek at Berkeley. His dad never asked what was going on. Stiles didn’t want to think about what his heart did every time he saw the twenty years old Derek with his stubble and his…all Derekness. 

For Derek, the best part of the month was Stiles and his cookies. And John, of course. He didn’t want to think why he was anxious the day he knew they’d arrived. His roommate, a dark guy called Vernon Boyd, enjoyed teasing him after the Stilinski left.
In one of those visits, Stiles was weird. 

“Stiles, what’s wrong?”

“I…. I wanted to confess something to you but now that I’m here, I don’t know how.” He didn’t look at Derek while he talked. 

“You know you can tell me anything, right? We are friends.” 

“I had a fight with Scott. He is angry with me because I didn’t tell him this before, not because he didn’t accept me, but I don’t know how you would react and…”

“Stiles! Just talk” Derek was worried and annoyed at the same time. 

“I… I like guys” 

Oh. OH. The news made funny things inside Derek. 

“That’s it?” Derek smirked. 

“Oh you stupid jerk I though you could hate me!” Stiles said relived and laughing. 

“But what about that Lydia girl?” 

“I like her but I think I just like the idea of being with someone like her, not with her her, you know?” 

Derek was relieved. That redhead girl wasn’t good for Stiles. 

“So…you like someone else?” Stiles threw him a pillow. 



_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ 

For Derek’s graduation, Stiles made two boxes of cookies. 

Scott and Stiles graduated from high school the same year that Derek. 

Derek was happy for his brother and the scholarship to Berkeley he got. Stiles, however, decided he wanted to be a deputy and work with his dad. When the time came, Melissa was crying along John, saying goodbye to Scott and Kira to their new adventure called college. 

Stiles enrolled de academy while Derek got a job in town. They continued the tradition and one a month Stiles made cookies for Derek and they had dinner one a week at Derek’s new apartment. Sometimes, the dinner was on the Stilinski house and Derek spent the night. Sometimes Stiles  slept on Derek’s shoulder watching movies and his dad had to woke them up. Stiles was always red from embarrassment. Derek never said anything, though.

“Are you doing anything soon about Derek?” John asked Stiles one of those days at breakfast after Derek went to work. 

Chocking on his salad, Stiles answered “There’s nothing to do about, dad.” John watched at him with his don’t-lie-to-me look. “Really dad, we are friends” 

John didn’t believe him, but didn’t push either. 



_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_ 

 

Days later at the grocery store, John found Derek picking up vegetables. 

“Hi sir”

“It’s John son, you know it”

“Hi John. “ Derek repeated. 

“ I was thinking of you the other day. I have a question” Derek made a gesture with his hand and John went on. “Are you doing something about your massive crush-maybe-you-are-in-love with my son?” 

Derek dropped a tomato. But the red went straight to his face. 

“I don’t…have a crush on Stiles sir. “, Derek answered, forgetting the first name thing. 

John patted him on the shoulder. “Whatever you said kid