Did someone go talk to her?”

 “We sent Hinata and Inuoka, but they said she wasn’t home.” Matsukawa explained. “Her neighbors said they hadn’t seen her in a while…”

 “For how long?”

 “Well, we sent Hinata and Inuoka about four days ago, and she had to be gone before that, which means…”

 Matsukawa stopped talking, processing the information. It was true that the department couldn’t concentrate on the case much with Kuroo in the hospital and that a lot of unneeded information had came during the last week, but Matsukawa wasn’t very sure he had spent enough time pondering over the reports of the policemen and his colleagues regarding it. For example the disappearance of Hanaoka Shiina. This was the first time he was actually thinking about it.

 Kuroo looked at him with a raised brow after he didn’t continue, blinking up at him with curiosity.

 “What? Thought of something?” he asked, but judging by the gleam in his eyes, he was already linking the disappearance of Hanaoka and their case. Matsukawa shook his head and took the bag with the photos from Kuroo.

 “I gotta go. I don’t really want to concern you with work the very first day since you woke up.”

 “You’re not concerning me. This is my work after all. Doctors know how to overreact, but their useless all the other times."

 “You’re just saying that ‘cause they annoy you right now.” Matsukawa grinned and Kuroo huffed childishly.

 “Listen, Mattsun,” he seriously began, looking at his colleague with narrowed eyes. “If anything happens, if there’s anything new with the case or you need help, tell me, alright? I’m still part of the unit and I don’t want you hiding things from me.”

 “You’re the last person who can say stuff like that…” Matsukawa said with a sight and shook his head. Kuroo wasn’t pleased with his answer, his face gaining an expression of annoyance.

 “What does that mean?”

 “You nearly died, Kuroo. Just rest for a bit and trust us with the work, alright. I never knew you were such a workaholic…”

 “I never knew you were so concerned with work.”

 “I’m not even going to say anything.”

 Matsukawa turned towards the door, but after no less than three steps, Kuroo called him again.

 “I was serious about the case.” He said, sounding more than sure in his own ability.

 “I know. I was serious too.” Matsukawa answered, without turning to look at his colleague. He opened the door and walked out into the hall, almost bumping into Kenma and Hanamaki along the way. Kuroo couldn’t be more disappointed and annoyed with the situation.

 And above the thought of the new information regarding the case, the memory of Daishou Suguru lingered and that made him even angrier than being told to just rest and watch his health.

---

 The next day Yaku came around lunch, to check on Kuroo and bring him and Kenma lunch. Bokuto and the others had to concentrate on the disappearance of Hanaoka Shiina (which by then had became official and was a pretty disturbing knowledge, given their current information) and sadly couldn’t come, but the doctor was especially grouchy too and wouldn’t let more than one visitor in Kuroo’s room, so it turned out just fine.

 Yaku sat down on the round stool beside the bed, as he watched Kuroo open the bento he had brought him. Unfortunately, Kuroo made a face when he saw most of the food was vegetables, but didn’t voice his distaste.

 “Thanks for the food.” He said instead, making Yaku give a pleased smile, before taking his chopsticks. “You really shouldn’t have.”

 “Hospital food doesn’t taste as good as homemade.” The ginger knowingly said and Kuroo nodded in consent. “I’m glad you’re doing alright. You look better than yesterday.”

 “I try.” Kuroo said and couldn’t help but grin. “It still hurts, but the doctor says everything’s going good. I’ll stay here for a bit more though.”

 “Listen to what the doctor says and don’t worry about work, alright. We’re doing just fine.”

 “Yeah, Mattsun already enlightened me on my current duties.”

 “I’m glad he did. You almost…We almost…”

 “Don’t fore your self, Yakkun. But Mattsun told me something interesting. He mentioned Daishou…”

 Yaku narrowed his eyes and Kuroo left his chopsticks in the half empty box in his hands.

 “We can’t get any proof, but we’re working on relating him with things.” Yaku explained. “The car from which the shooter shot turned out to be rented under the name Hiroo, but for now, nothing relates it with Daishou…”

 “There’s no need to concentrate on that with your case currently going.” Kuroo interrupted him and Yaku sent him a confused look.

 “Why?