got nerves.” There’s a hint of amusement in the voice, and he doesn’t know how to feel about that. “However, is it courage that you have, or fear that I smell?”

“I’m not afraid!” he snaps back. But he knows he’s lying. Not seeing his opponent scares him, he isn’t used to fighting things he does not see. The voice seems to know he’s lying too.

“Really?”

He hears clopping and he frowns. He doesn’t know that sound. He doesn’t know what is talking to him.

Another shift in the waters makes him focus again. The sound comes closer. His eyes are looking for anything approaching. Then he sees it.

His eyes first fall on the source of the clopping. This doesn’t look like anything he has ever seen. The sounds come from two cylindrical things that look made of horn, resting on the ground. His eyes follow what he thinks may be legs, covered in scales. The scales are dark but shining, it reminds him of his own and his friends’. Then the dark scales fade and there are fairer ones that merge into fair skin. The upper part of the creature’s body looks exactly like merpeople’s, confusing him. It’s smiling at him, not quite malevolent, more like amused and curious. Its hair is as dark as its legs, though messy and curly, and, again, shining.

The water shifts again, and his eyes follow the movement. He sees a tail, much like his own again. It’s as black as the rest. The fins at the end of it and, he realizes only now, scattered on the creature’s body, are of the same greenish-blue as the algae from earlier.

“I’m not going to attack you, you know,” it says. It’s looking at the blade he’s still holding. “I’m not armed. I’m just curious.”

“Why would I trust you?” he asks. It’s true that he doesn’t spot any weapon on the creature, but he’s still wary.

“I told you, I’m just curious. I’ve never seen people like you.”

“I’ve never seen people like you either, doesn’t mean I can’t be careful.”

“My name is Keiji.” Before he could reply that he didn’t ask, the creatures smiles. “My people don’t live far from here, but I believe yours aren’t from here, are they? Are you lost?”

“That’s none of your business.”

“I could help you find your way back. The path is tricky when you’re not familiar with it.”

“Why would you help me?”

“I have no interest in attacking you or whatever you think I could do. We’re pacifists. And you don’t look like a bad person.”

“… I’m Daichi.”

“Nice to meet you.” Keiji swims closer to him and holds out its hand. Daichi hesitates but shakes it with his free hand. “You came from the algae path, did you? Let me take you back out of this maze.”

Daichi lowers his blade and nods slowly. He’s still suspicious but if he wants to go back to his village, he doesn’t have the choice, he guesses.

Keiji swims to the path Daichi took to arrive here. It’s slow, Daichi notices. It uses its legs to push on the ground. Its tail is waving from left to right, but not enough to be of any use to move.

Daichi watches the movements with wonder. Keiji stops when it reaches the first algae and looks at him expectantly. Daichi shakes his head and quickly swims closer.

As they’re moving, Daichi can’t help but wonder about what Keiji is. He wants to ask, but he’s pretty sure he won’t get a clear answer; after all, if Keiji asked him, he wouldn’t be able to explain what he was himself.

They keep silent for a moment, before Daichi’s curiosity takes over his wariness.

“You said your kind were pacifists, but do you hunt to eat?”

“We don’t.” Keiji answers. “We eat mainly eat gracilariae and other algae. Do you hunt for food?”

“We do. Big fish, sometimes small crustaceans. We don’t really eat seaweeds, they’re used for injuries.”

“I see. We may have similar bodies, for most parts, but it seems our ways of living are really different.” Keiji smiles.

“They are.” Daichi nods thoughtfully. “I never thought there could be people looking like us around. Maybe we don’t go far enough when we’re wandering.”

“Well, we never really went past the algae path either, so you’re not entirely at fault.”

They swim for a long moment, making small