The first time he saw him, he was nothing but a scrawny kid, not even yet in high school, feelings shining in every plane of his face, boastful words, burning eyes and he was captured, curious of whom this boy might be that he would dare talk to such an enormous upperclassman in such a tone, how did he manage not to be scared but instead confronted him head on, blissfully ignorant of Azuma’s reputation, merely intent of protecting another person who he didn’t even know.

There was something in this boy, something that intrigued him and pulled him forward, helpless and yet so deliciously curious, and he seized the opportunity to talk to him when the moment came, jumping to his aching feet with a conniving smirk, walking until he found himself right in front of the boy with blazing eyes, confident smirk in place and intoxicating interest well hidden under his mask.

Sawamura Eijun was a beacon of light, capturing the attention of whoever saw him, his words ringing loud and clear, carrying across the field with glowing spirit, drawing people to his light.

When Kazuya squatted in the catcher box and signaled for the pitcher to throw, he didn’t expect much, and he didn’t get much until Azuma stood in front of him, bat poised and ready to slam the ball out of the field.

The pitch he got in that moment couldn’t be called amazing by a simple spectator, but it was in fact a show of great talent, and his narrowed in concentration when his brain finally caught up to what had just happened, rising to his feet and jogging to the mound where Sawamura was looking shaken.

Reassuring people was not one of his talents, but nonetheless Kazuya tried, as well as he could, brandishing cutting words as gently as he could, and even then most of the time it backfired on him. But not this time.

This time, teasing the younger boy came naturally to him, and as fate would have it, he managed to calm the boy down enough to get enough to his potential to shine through his untrained talent, showing everyone on the field just who this boy could become.

When Kazuya saw him again, he was secretly delighted, having thought of the boy with fire in his gaze ever since that burning pitch that sealed their partnership. But he was Miyuki Kazuya, and there was no way he’d admit to even paying attention to Sawamura, not Sawamura the loudmouthed idiot. The honest to a fault, charming and emotional and too good for him, so good that it hurt.

And yet he was happy, incredibly so, happy enough to show other some sort of glimpse behind the walls he’d built so early in his life, protections against the outside world and the ways it could harm him. But Sawamura didn’t seem to notice this, and in between ridiculous declarations and too loud yells he saw right through him, to the very core of his existence and Kazuya was scared, he was terrified of being hurt, he wouldn’t allow it, he wouldn’t be able to stand it if Sawamura of all people took a glimpse of his true self and then left him, alone as he’d been the day his mother died.

Sawamura stayed, and Kazuya was at the same time blissfully happy and terrified out of his mind, because now there was no denying that he felt something for the boy.

It hurt, knowing and not being able to do anything about it, trying to protect one of the things dearest to his heart from himself, restricting his every move and watching his every word, so carefully keeping an impenetrable façade of which not a silver of the truth could be seen.

He should have known Sawamura wouldn’t care about his masks, he should have known it wouldn’t make a difference.

Sawamura breezed through his walls without a word, broke every mask and saw him and accepted him for what he was, sharp words and offending comments took in stride with the knowledge that they were nothing more than just protection.

Kazuya was quiet, secretive and cold but Sawamura was loud, bright and honest, they clashed with hurt feelings and shouted words in an empty room, anger and sadness and joy mixed together when they finally realized what they felt for the other, and then clashing once more, this time in a flurry of touches and kisses, nights spent together and whispered promises of forever in a desert field, looking at the stars that shone upon them, hidden away from the rest of the team and the world and their families, keeping to themselves to bask in the bliss of their company.

They were soft touches and heated glances, understanding in every corner of their relationship, trust over everything else in the world and love enough to fill it to the brim, whispered words in the dead of night, simple touches and sweet kisses hidden from view as if they were a treasure only theirs to see and keep, leaving the whole world behind because as long as they had each other, nothing else mattered.