embrace and every conversation. Sans was someone he felt deeply for. He was someone he loved truly and honestly. Yes, he was someone Papyrus could honestly say he found sexy.

He wondered if the other Papyrus felt the same way about this Sans. Papyrus turned to not-his-Sans. “Sans?”

“mmhmm?” The smaller skeleton replied distractedly, eyes glued on the screen.

“Does your Papyrus think you’re sexy?”

 

The other made a choked sound and whipped his head up to look at him.

Papyrus felt just as shocked as he looked. What had he said wrong?

 

 

“What are you two doing?”

 

 

Both skeletons looked up to see a taller, darker, meaner looking version of Papyrus standing at the top of the steps.

“Wowie!” Papyrus commented in surprise. The other him looked really cool!

And slightly scary!

 

 

Once downstairs, he came over to the couch and crossed his arms over his chest.

Papyrus was quick to hop up and offer to shake his hand. “Nice to meet you, other me! I’m The Great- Oh, well, I suppose I don’t need to introduce myself!”

The other him eyed him up and down, looking unimpressed. He looked pointedly at his offered hand, and refused the invitation. “Interesting... Sans?”

Sans jumped off the couch and wrung his hands in front of him in nervousness. “y-yeah boss?”

“Did you even fuck him?”

 

Papyrus blushed brightly at hearing his own voice say such a terrible word! “Language, other me!”

The other Papyrus raised a brow at him. “So? Are you going to do something about it?”

Sans interjected with a nervous laugh, obviously trying to break up the tension, “hey! heh heh! would you look at that! i think i’m seeing double!”

“Shut up, you worthless piece of shit.” The other him cast a deadly glare at the smaller skeleton. "You're such a fucking disappointment. That joke was atrocious and you fucking know it."

 

Papyrus gasped at what the other him said to this Sans. “H-hey! You shouldn’t say something like that to your brother!”

Sans elbowed him in the hip, hard enough to sting. “shut up you moron!” He hissed up at him.

“No, I will not “shut up”!” He put his hands on his hips, and puffed out his chest. “You have no right to treat Sans like that! Your Sans…No, ANY Sans like that!”

The other Papyrus laughed. He slapped a hand to his knee, his laughter loud and full-hearty. “Nyeh heh heh! Oh my god! Are you serious?!” He smirked at him in mild amusement. “This world is even more pathetic than I thought. Look at you. You’re a big fucking pussy.”

 

Papyrus grabbed the other Sans and moved him to stand behind him, keeping a hand on his shoulder to give the small skeleton strength. He would not let anyone hurt Sans! Not even himself! His magic blazed to life in his hand. He would protect him! “You should be ashamed of yourself! I’m ashamed that you are me!”

 

“That makes two of us.” Not appearing the slightest bit deterred by Papyrus’ potential attack, the other’s smirk only widened. A dark glint fixed in his odd red gaze. “Do you even know how much more lv I have than you, cunt?”

The other Sans grasped at the back of his scarf. “Papyrus! listen to me! quit it! he. will. kill. you.”

 

 

Gritting his teeth, Papyrus felt anger bubble inside his soul. “No! This is wrong! He does so much for you!”

The other Papyrus flinched at his words, his previous smirk appearing to break.

Still he pressed on, his words flowing forth directly from his soul. “He took care of you! He made sure you got food even when he was hungry! He always cares so much about how you feel, and he is always sacrificing himself for you! He works himself to the bone so you can have a good life! A-and he’s always trying to make you laugh, and he wants you to be happy all the time even when he isn’t happy! E-even when he is hurting, he won’t tell you because he doesn’t want you to worry!”

Papyrus felt like his soul was bursting with his rage. He gave a final screaming cry of indignation to the horrible him.  

“YOU DON’T DESERVE SANS!”

 

 

The room was silent.

All that could be heard was Papyrus’ panting breaths, his anger fizzling out as he calmed.

The other him said nothing. His eyes cast off to look at something no one else could see, his scarred socket twitching.

The other Sans came out from behind Papyrus, focused on his brother as he stepped forward to meet him. “boss?”

“Pap?”

 

 

They all looked up to see Sans, this world’s Sans,