Jared’s. And he could never offer Jared what he wanted anyway; his parents didn’t even know, for Christ’s sake. First he’d been focused on his studies; such a good boy. Then he’d gone into the army; such a patriot. And then he’d gone into the police force; such an honorable man, working to uphold law and order. His parents were so proud. They’d completely bought his line that it wouldn’t be fair to marry when he had such a high risk job. They’d been disappointed, sure, but they had Isobel to give them grandkids.

Isobel suspected, of course. It was virtually impossible to keep anything secret from a little sister. But if his parents ever found out the truth, they’d be devastated. No, he’d made the right call.

So why did it feel like he’d just been shot in the gut? 

--

“Hey, Uncle Jensen,” said Timmy. Danni’s son was sitting in the back seat of the car, but he was leaning forward, his arms resting on the back of both Jensen’s and his mom’s seats.

Jensen glanced at Danni, who was driving, and rubbed a hand over his chin. “Timmy, could you sit back, please? And put your seat belt on.”

Timmy scowled. “Mom!” he complained. “Do I have to?”

Danni glanced at Jensen and then looked at her son via the rearview mirror. “Do as Uncle Jensen says, please Timmy. It’s for your own safety.”

“One thing I’ve learned being a policeman,” Jensen told his de facto nephew, “is that kids being unsecured in the back seat can cause accidents.”

“Yeah,” Danneel muttered. “And accidents in the back seat can cause kids; I’ve got proof of that.”

Jensen rolled his eyes at her. She’d married Timmy’s father. It hadn’t even lasted until the kid’s birth. “What were you gonna ask me, Timmy?”

“Can I see your watch?”

“Sure,” Jensen unstrapped his digital watch and handed it to the kid. “Do you know where this place is, Danni?”

“Are you losing weight, Jensen?” Danni asked, eyeing him critically.

Jensen frowned at her. “I think you have to make a turn up here somewhere.”

“Are you sleeping any better?”

Jensen raised an eyebrow. “Are we having two different conversations here, or am I going nuts?”

Danni giggled. “Guess you’ll find that out next week.”

Jensen rolled his eyes. “Don’t remind me. So do you know where you’re going or not?”

“More or less,” Danni replied. “It’s up here on the right somewhere. Don’t sweat it, Officer Ackles, I’ll find the place.”

Jensen looked at her gas gauge. The needle was sitting on empty.

“Yeah, if you don’t run out of gas first. You do know that you can’t actually sweet talk your car into running on empty, right?”

Danni grinned at him. “Shows what you know. Besides,” she tapped the gauge. “That thing’s broken. Don’t worry, I know when my baby needs gas.”

“Mommy, mommy! You missed the train ride!” Timmy shouted.

“Dammit!” Danni said. “Okay everyone, hang on tight!”

And she hauled the wheel around and executed a neat U-turn and then hit the gas, speeding back the way they’d just come.

“Fu—ar out, Danni!” Jensen yelled. “What the he—ck are you doing? This ain’t Daytona! Also? This is a one way street!”

Danni smirked. “I won’t tell if you won’t,” she said.

Jensen gripped his seat hard and winced as a truck blared its horn at them. “This is not good for my anxiety,” he muttered. “Not good at all.”

Half an hour later Danni, Timmy, and Danay’s husband and kids were riding the mini-train, and Danay and Jensen were walking slowly beside the track.

“It was pretty hard to read,” Danay said, pulling out the crumpled piece of paper that Jensen had given to her in the car park on Wednesday.

Jensen nodded. “Could you get anything from it?”

“Yeah. It’s part of a letter. It says something about strangers in the barrio. Making trouble. Something like that.”

“Huh,” Jensen said.

“And then there’s this word. All in caps. THOR. That’s not Spanish. That mean anything to you?”

Jensen shrugged. “Aside from being a Norse God and a Marvel comic character? No,” he sighed. “Strangers in the barrio, making trouble. I dunno, Danay, maybe I’ve just been in this job too long. Maybe I’m seeing things that