tightening in his crotch area as he got hard. He bit his lip as he watched her dance, her curves moving hypnotically. His eyes grew wider and he leaned forward in his seat watching her move. He wanted to reach out for her and touch her, but he knew he definitely couldn't touch her when she was on stage. He breathed shakily as he realized that as he watched her she watched him back. Their eyes stayed locked as she danced. Jean had been watching her so closely that he never even realized that Marco had come over with their drinks until he touched his shoulder.
"Hey, Jean? Are you OK?" Jean jumped and broke eye contact with the dancer and looked over at Marco. 
"Y-Yeah! I'm fine, just y'know, watching the dancer." 
"You mean dancers?" Jean jumped and blushed. 
"YEAH! Dancers! C-Cause I'm watching all of them not just the cute blonde one." He rushed through his sentence and stared at Marco as Marco smirked at him. 
"You like him, don't you?" Jean blushed. 
"Y-Yeah, I do like her, she's so sexy!' It looked like Marco was going to say something, but he waved him off, "Shh shh, I need to keep watching!" He stared up at the dancer again as she came off of the poll and walked across the stage, swaying her heavenly hips. As she walked she made her way towards his side of the stage. She twirled her hips and ran her hands through her hair like she was in the shower. She slid her hands over her ears and neck then down her chest and hips, never stopping those hips. She locked eyes with Jean again and seductively slipped her thumb into her mouth sucking on it. There were whoops and hollers from the others in the crowd, but Jean was too infatuated with her to make a noise. 
Hours passed in only moments, all throughout the rest of the show Jean's eyes never left the blonde's blue ones. They gazed into each other's eyes, never breaking the stare. As the show ended the music quieted down, but the lasers kept shinning. The blonde turned around breaking the contact as she and the other dancers made their way off the stage. Jean quickly looked at Marco.
 "What's the blonde's name?!" He asked frantically. Marco scooted away a bit, clearly startled by his excitement. Normally Jean wasn't one to get like this.
 "Er...his name is Armin." Jean's eyes shimmered. 
"That's a weird name for a girl, but I like it all the same!" Jean could see movement from the corner of his eyes as Marco face palmed. 
"Didn't you hear me? I said his, Jean, this is a gay bar!" Jean's eyes stopped gleaming for a second.
"So...I just got a boner from watching a dude dance." Marco nodded.
"Sorry, I've been trying to figure out if you're gay or not, cause you know you're a little...hard to tell with. Jean felt his cheeks heat up again like they had at the beginning of the show.
"Are you serious, Marco?!" Marco grinned sheepishly and nodded. Jean rolled his eyes and shook his head. "Then I guess my years of being a heterosexual are up!" Marco laughed at him.
"Yup, sorry you had to find out at a drag show." Jean smiled and shrugged.
"Hey, whatever, just tell me...can you go back and you know...talk to the dancers?" Marco grinned and nodded then pointed to a door in the back of the room.
"Right through there, Jean." Jean thanked him and got up from his seat making his way to the door. He slowly pushed it open revealing a small dressing room. The dancer with the red hair was standing right by the door, he took of the wig revealing a wig cap which he then took off and his brown hair fell out. His big green eyes met with Jean's and he looked at him confused.
"Who are you?" Jean ran his fingers through his hair.
"Er, I'm Jean I was just looking for someone." He had been hoping to see the blonde, what was his name...Armin! He was hoping to run into Armin right away, not have some weird awkward moment with another dancer. 
"I'm Eren...you're looking for Armin, aren't you?" Jean blushed and looked away, biting his lip embarrassed.
"Y-Yeah, how'd you know?" The dancer, Eren, just shrugged.
"You two were staring at each other nonstop the entire show." Jean blushed more.
"Was it that obvious?" Eren smirked and nodded his head. Jean sighed and ran his fingers through his hair.
"He's in the back, go past Levi's changing station and you'll find him. Jean nodded