figure behind Louis started to move and it was approaching them.

He looked into him carefully, and he knew, he had met him before.

“You!” Harry pointed out to the familiar face that was now standing next to Louis, the lad with the quiff hair who was wearing black from head to toe, the one who stared at him right into his tinted window.

“Oh, Zayn. What are you doing in here?”

Harry, looking more confused, asked without hesitating, “Y-you knew him?”

“Of course, I can’t possibly function without him. Tell me, why does Harry recognizes you?”

The lad, whose name was Zayn, answered in a flat tone. “He saw me last time when I had my car wrecked in the middle of the road.” He looked at Harry and gave him a smirk; there was something in his look that made Harry brought his arms to his chest and warmed himself. “How’re you doing, Harry?”

“He’s not good. You killed his boyfriend, dumbass.”

“Wait – you what?” Harry dropped his hands and quickly closed his fists. This person, this Zayn was the one who killed Niall? He was that drunkard with that swerving car? “You’re the one driving that car?! You’re the one who took Niall away from me?!” Harry roared but none of them flinched.

Louis sighed. “It’s his job, Harry.” He said, tapping Zayn’s chest. “Introduce yourself.”

Zayn stepped forward. “Pleased to meet you, I’m Death. I’m the one who’s there until your very last breathe, I’m the one who leads you to it, I’m the one who watches people as they cut that string of life. I’m there when people kill each other, when there’s bloodshed and war, drought and plague, sickness and calamities. And I’m the one who decides how you, humans, are going to die.”

“And you fucking chose to hit Niall by a car?!” Harry found himself lunging at Zayn, his hands holding onto his leather jacket, he doesn’t care if this was a delusional dream anymore, if it was, then it would be better. He needed to vent his frustration he had, all of these emotions into something, or at least, someone.

“Hey, hey, Harry. Take it easy.” Louis reached for his shoulders but he pushed him away.

“Don’t touch me! Can’t you see? This person – he killed Niall!”

“And what would you do, Harry? Kill me?” Zayn’s voice mocked him and it brought him over the edge, he hit him right into his jaw, throwing Zayn backwards to the pavement.

“Whoa. Didn’t quite expect that one coming. Nice one, Harry. Been wanting to do that for a while now.” Louis beamed at him. “But he just said who he was, right? It’s his job…” Harry felt his world stir. This was weird. This whole thing – having a conversation with the Timekeeper and now Death… “

“You don’t seem to realize it, Harry. I chose to make his death as fast as possible so you would know how easily you could lose someone in a blink of an eye.” Zayn was back on his feet, his hand brushing over the jaw that he hit – and there was no mark or bruise or whatever – it was clean – as if it was never hit by anything. “It was your fault anyway – “

“You fucking bastard!” Harry tried to dive at him again but this time, Louis stepped him and push him away.

“Enough with that, Harry. Zayn, you’re being mean. Cut it out. Remember, we’re here to help him.” Zayn scoffed and took a few steps back, finally averting his mocking look on him.

Harry backed away by the last words Louis just said – they would help him? How? Why?

“Well, you heard me right, Harry. We’re here to give you something. It’s your choice if you want to use it or not.” Louis pulled out a pocket watch from his pocket; it was that same watch he was wearing back at the shop. “This is my clock. It has the ability to go to back in time, no matter how long it has been. It helps me a lot on my judging.”

“Your judging?”

“Aw, come on, don’t you ever read some articles about judgment day? I’m part of it! The three of us, although Liam’s not here, oh well – right, the three of us, are the ones who decide whether you’re going to have a happy life in the next life or worse than what you had here on Earth.” Louis explain, clapping his hands.

“And why are you giving this to me?”

“I’m not giving