an asshole. Never mind, actually into an asshole because there was no limit Niall had set for himself. Zayn almost pitied him when he finds Niall all alone, asking Haider for people who don't matter to him—asking for people who could even care less about Niall too. Sometimes, he'd steal Haider away because he can't steal Zayn away, knowing how badly he's fucked up. He doesn't mind that he steals Haider away from him when it's lunch—he was probably the only one who didn't overlook Niall like everyone else. Zayn wasn't the type to look at him like that as well but the longer he watched Niall slip away, consumed by being independent in the worst way, he had to put the past behind him. "Did you buy a suit for prom yet?" Niall asks out of nowhere, making one of Zayn's eye squint in confusion. "Yeah." Zayn says, uninterested. He really doesn't know what he had just said yes to. "I was wondering if you would go with me." Niall says hurriedly that Zayn actually had stopped walking to look Niall dead in the eye. "Go with you suit shopping?" Zayn scoffs. Zayn's got plenty of suits—he doesn't even have to buy one to begin with. Niall shakes his head in wonderment before stammering, "Y-yeah. I can't find a good shop." "Check House of Fraser." "T-Thanks?" Being alone with Niall just isn't the same anymore. Zayn leaves Niall at the entrance of the bookstore to wander while he heads to the back to find English-French dictionaries and other books that might help him. He sits himself down in the Languages section of the store, reading a bit of the books he's chosen for Paris before buying them. Although, he is consumed more on Niall than he is with the book he’s supposed to be reading. Then he begins to wander in the fiction novels, the classics aisle. There, Zayn sits down again, reading a bit of the book he's always loved: The Sun Always Rises. No more than two pages, tears drop on the page of the book, now obligated to buy this book because of the wet pages. It doesn't matter because Zayn lost his copy anyway and he would need books to drown his mind into occupancy. Only, this book was such a bad choice for him to be reading in a moment like this. It's been such a long time since Zayn opened the book. What he can remember most about it was that it follows this American-Journalist who lives in Paris, that falls in love with this girl that calls herself Lady Brett who's pretty fucked up for someone back in the 1920s. They go to a nightclub, and she tells Jake, the journalist, she loves him. Only, they were both aware of the unstable relationship they are going to have if they date. The next part which they call ‘second book’ is a bit of a blur with the bullfighting because he really focused on Jake and Brett.

Although, at the end, all Zayn could remember was Jake finding Brett all alone in a hotel without her husband Romero or any money, confessing that she might just go back with Mike, her fiancé. And in the end, the two catch a cab and talk about what might have been.We could've had such a damned good time together.Yes, isn't it pretty to think so? He wipes his face with the base of his hands, just before standing up to find Niall at the end of the aisle the whole time. He was such a fucking rat—quiet and aware of his surroundings, Zayn thought to himself. He keeps his sight down with his eyebrows narrowing in, shaking his head ever so weakly at Niall as he walks past by him. Niall couldn't even find the words to ask what's wrong. And he let him leave, right after Zayn paid for his books to go somewhere else Niall didn't tail behind. Zayn finds a smoke in his pocket, immediately smoking it just as he leaves the smokes store. He needed to be outside, so he ordered himself tea and asked for a seat outside their patio. Patios were always better but they only open during the summer, and summer here only felt like a week. Zayn allows his elbow to rest up on the table, with the base of his hand joint with his wrist pressing on the bone of his brow as he squeezes his eyes shut after blinking, letting the smoke escape his lip. God knows where Niall is. They shouldn't have tried again. “Oh, Zaza! You're here. Tell me you're not mad—” Haider cuts himself midway his sentence, looking at the condition Zayn's in—smoking with this surly look on his face that forces his eyes to be low. “What's wrong?” “Nothing.” Zayn blows out a shaky amount of