There was nothing powerful left in him, no other plane to stretch his true form and let each face yawn, each wing reaching for the next path of righteousness. It was just a cage of blood and bone that was further confined by hours and hours of self-loathing.

Cas glared at the face only marginally cleaner than his, a face he couldn't plaster a name to.

"Get out," he spat.

The rage sputtered out when the intruder left.


You have to sort him out. The others are getting restless. He's wasting resources we don't have.


Cas started to shiver, his stomach feeling like it was twisting itself up and around his ribs. He grabbed the bottle and swigged.

The stale beer tasted like the bad weed batch he'd smoked the day before. His insides threatened to burn, to lurch their way up his throat. If he'd had any Grace left, he'd have known exactly what was plaguing his body and cured it.  Liver failure, perhaps. He no longer knew or cared. Everything was foggy. Too static. There was no room in this human brain for scrutinizing anything at a molecular level.


No one confronts him but me. Understand? You try and take anything from him he'll tear you apart.


Cas winced when the retort finally reached through the thin door. The gravel in Dean’s voice was a memory they’d both prefer to forget, and here Cas was, in the same scenario and he couldn’t stop himself.  


 He was one of God's soldiers. You don’t talk to him. 


He opened his hand and let the bottle fall, soaking its shattered contents onto the cards and glass to drown out the voices outside. Cas covered his face with his hands. The ache yawned in his bones and the shivering increased.

"Just cos you can't drink liqueur stores anymore doesn't mean you have to try."

It wasn't until calloused hands drew his face upwards that he realised his face was stained with tears. He felt his expression crumple in a terrible, pathetic way. If he'd cared he would have shoved Dean away. It was worse that he didn't have the co-ordination.

"Leave me, Dean. Please. I need-"

Dean lowered himself to his knees, reducing the painful angle that Cas's head was at. He was close enough to see the bright green of the hunter's eyes, a hue that was painful to look at. Close up, Cas could see every tiny scar on his face, mementos of bar fights and hunts gone wrong.

"I need- I can't be lucid, Dean. I can't stand it. I can't face this. I can’t face anything. You of all people should understand this."

Something behind Dean's eyes shorted out, his sympathetic smile becoming a little frigid.

"Yeah, I guess you're right." His smile stretched again. "Neither of us are the men our dads wanted. Maybe we were once. That's okay."

Cas tried to shake his head and Dean wouldn't let him move.

"Dean. I loathe every moment that I am...this. I no longer have the capacity to see every atom of my vessel but believe me when I say I hate this. Being this. Being-"

"Human, Cas. That's the word you're looking for. I get it. I really do. There’s nothing worse," The corner of his mouth curled with what Cas saw to be regret. Dean's hands dropped away from Cas's face.

The paths of the righteous and the damned are easier to tread than the course to humanity, Cas shook his head to try and rid it of the thought.

The ex-angel watched as Dean carefully unslung the gun and its holster from his shoulder, wincing. The hunter rolled his shoulders and he laid the weapon on the sideboard, next to the incense.

"You really like this hippy stuff, huh?"

Cas shrugged, wiping the tears from his face with his thumbs.

"Well, I guess it beats the smell of stale beer and expired soap," Dean nodded, sitting opposite him. The hunter had just started drumming his fingers on the spindly table when they both turned to the door, the undercurrent of anger drifting under it clearer than anything. He watched Dean become very still.

He couldn’t take the silence in the room, overshadowed by the rage outside.

"It's my fault, isn't it?" Cas's head was starting to pound as his body started to crave any chemical escape it could.

Dean's expression became vicious. "No, Cas. It's not you." He walked to the door, his boots thudding loudly on the old wooden floor.

The weak door screamed as Dean wrenched it open, the bellowing instantly magnified.

"He doesn't belong here and you know it! There's no place for his kind here!