and then it was the meeting. Max steeled his nerves, and entered the chamber early. Cullen was there before hand, making sure all the markers were accounted for. Well, at least one thing was taken care of. Slowly, but surely, his Advisors, the Champion, Warden Alistair, the Hero, even Morrigan, and each of his Inner Circle made their arrival, save for Sera who loathed these meetings, and Cole, who was probably here but hidden since he didn't like the Hero of Ferelden very much. Max couldn't agree more. Who he thought was a noble and brave and valiant hero and Grey Warden turned out to be a selfish prick who just happened to be in the right place at the right time. Max took a glance to the Anchor upon his palm. Were all heroes just random coincidences? Or did he at least have a guiding hand, Andraste herself leading him down a path to victory. He had no idea, but it was comforting to think so. 



The first part of the meeting was easy: Delegating the roles of his Inner Circle for the battle at Adamant. He knew he wanted Dorian by his side, and the Bull. The last spot he wavered between a few of his Circle before he finally decided on Blackwall. It would be good to have another Warden alongside him in case they came across any wavering warriors who could be convinced to at least abandon the fortress. The hero chuckled, "Are you sure?" Which set Max's nerves on end. While he didn't expect all of his orders to be followed blindly, look at what happened to the Templars, he didn't expect a stranger to question his choice in party in his own war chambers. 



"Yeah, quite sure," he replied dryly, straightening and crossing his arms. "No more imput?" The hero raised his hand in mock defeat, a smirk across his smug face. The fact he looked so much like the Champion was very strange to Max. While Amell was smug and arrogant, Hawke came off more as a prankster with a sarcastic streak as long as the King's road. Which suited Max, since he was much in the same way. Indeed, he, Hawke, and Alistair made quick bonds of friendship since meeting, and it was comforting to have at least a few of his guests not be total arseheads. Not that he would say that aloud. Josie would probably faint if he did. 



They dismissed most of the Inner Circle to command and lead what they had been assigned. Most of them would be staying at Skyhold its self, to continue pursuing missions and objectives else where. Some, like Cassandra and Cole, would be on the battlefield, but in different areas. The ones he had chosen to storm the fortress with him stayed in the chamber. Cullen carefully move aside books, a tea set, even a skull, to lay out a map of the fortress that Leliana acquired. "We can't know for sure what they might've done to bolster their defenses, but they can't have built entire new walls or doors. Our siege equipment will make short work of it," Cullen started. It was routine and Max felt a bit more at home, adding to what the Commander was saying, and where the lines of defenses would go. "Hawke, where do you think you'll be best suited?" the Commander asked. 



"On the battlements and walls. Fenris and I can help secure those with your men. Less enemies there, the more time His Worship has to fuck up plans and take names," he smirked behind his scruff, arms crossing. Even outside his armor, Hawke was an intimidating man. His height and brawn made him an imposing figure, which is why Maxwell found his humor so funny. It just seemed misplaced coming from a man who could probably act as a personal siege machine himself if he really wanted to. Max laughed, bowing dramatically. 



"I live to mess with Corphyshit's plans," he said with a cocky smirk, leaning one hand on the table as he studied the map of the fortress. Josie sighed heavily and Cullen's lips twitched as he tried to remain stoic and serious. Leiliana gave a slight smirk, and, of course, Hawke and Alistair burst into stifled giggles. "Thank Sera for that one," Max grinned before gesturing back to the map, returning to business. "Alistair, you can stay with me. More Warden faces we can muster, the better we'll look to enemy forces. Dorian and I can provide support," Hawke snorted and Max gave a slight smirk as he continued, "Which leaves plenty of room for you, Blackwell, and Bull to carve a path through the Warden-Commander."  



Alistair agreed, and as they finished up those plans Max braced himself for the next part. Cullen, Alistair, and Hawke all agreed this was a crucial question, seeing as what happened at Haven. The Inquisitor looked over to the Hero and Morrigan, who were both standing still, against a wall, watching and listening but making no comments.