marriage. And Ts. Altantsetseg had twin daughters back on Earth. A holo of them was found on her body.”

“And all three of them will be remembered with honor in their homelands,” said Pike gently.

Leonard grimaced in frustration.

“I know it’s a cliché, but that doesn’t stop it being true. You’re a good man, Leonard, making the best of a bad situation. Stop beating yourself up about it. And son, bottling it up doesn’t help. Try actually talking to your captain.”

Pike fiddled with some controls on his desk. “You should be receiving a comm from me shortly….” Leonard’s communicator vibrated. “That letter is my official opinion of you, Lieutenant Commander McCoy. A copy is already in your personnel file. Print it out. Keep it with you. I know you, even more than most of us, will put far more weight on criticism than on praise. But I want you to believe every word of what I have written.”

Pike looked Leonard dead in the eye. “I am honored to serve with you, Doctor McCoy.”

Leonard buried his face in his hands, trying to hide the sudden prickle of tears.

“Son, I’m so sorry. And I’m ashamed. Forgive me if you can.”

*  *  *

Long after the Admiral had gone, Leonard sat staring at the letter, which he had reproduced on the ready room printer.

A credit to Starfleet and to the entire Federation … a good man to the core of your being…. one of the brightest and best of your generation…. 

I am proud of you…

Pike hadn’t meant it. Jim hadn’t known. Maybe he did have a future with Starfleet. Maybe Spock had done the right thing after all. Maybe it was time to forgive himself for a few things. The sense of relief was so profound that he felt dizzy with it.

When he finally had his emotions under control he left the ready room. He hesitated at the back of the bridge, looking across the gleaming white space to the stimulated starfield on the giant viewscreen. He’d been proven right about just how dangerous and deadly deep space could be; he’d been taken by surprise by how addictively fascinating it could be. He quietly watched the alpha bridge crew. Just two years earlier almost all of them had been Academy cadets, and now they all moved briskly about their business like consummate professionals.

When they had first taken control of the Enterprise, all bright and shiny in their naivety, they had been so green – no one but Spock having served as senior crew before – that they’d broken all sorts of rules by simply not realizing that they existed. It had not occurred to Leonard that the CMO was not supposed to visit the bridge without being summoned. He’d liked popping in to see them, leaning on the back of the captain’s chair, teasing Chekov, admiring Uhura, keeping Jim’s ego in check.

He’d not been back to the bridge since Jim’s furious dressing down following the Romulan debacle. Perhaps it was time to move beyond that. Rubbing reflexively against the new letter that was now folded into his pocket, he cautiously ventured forward.

“Doctor!” cried Chekov happily. “You have come to wisit us, at last!”

Leonard got smiles from everyone and an enthusiastic shout from Jim: “Bones, my man, come and look at this.”

He took his customary position behind Jim’s chair and listened to his friend and captain point out the planetary nebula they were passing. An outer ring of brilliant aquamarine encircled bright green and within it pearly silver-grey. “We’ve got no time to investigate,” said Jim wistfully, “not with fucking Rommies to outwit. Still, another day, hey, Bones?”

Jim tipped the chair back to smile up at him, the same charming smile Leonard had so often received in the Academy. It had been a regular occurrence for him to come home after a hard day at the clinic to find Jim lying on his back on Leonard’s bed, studying. He’d lower his padd, tip his head back off the end of the bed, and gaze upside down at Leonard to say hi, cheerfully ignoring the fact that his feet were on Leonard’s pillow.

“All good?” asked Jim. “I’ll see you tonight?” Maybe talking to Jim wouldn’t be such a bad idea after all.

Feeling better than he had in months, Leonard stopped briefly to chat to each officer before finally, with studied casualness, standing beside Spock. He wondered how to undo the damage of his belligerent outburst in the ready room.

“Thank you,” he offered softly. Spock inclined his head, the silky black hair shifting with the movement in a single wave, so unlike human strands. Leonard wondered what it felt like.

His thanks felt so inadequate to the enormity of what had just happened. He thought back to Spock’s description of what he could receive through touch telepathy. He concentrated hard