. “The Dead are there,” he said. “I have seen them.”

Éowyn walked a short distance away, gazing toward the dark bulk of the Dwimorberg. The Dead are there, he had said. Perhaps her mother and father were there too. They had not been dead so long. And if they weren’t, perhaps the Dead would tell her where to find them -- if she went and asked it of them boldly.

The way to the mountain was clear enough; she would only have to cross the meadow. She glanced at the others. The Riders’ attention was on the King, Éomer was with Théodred, and for that moment, no one was watching her. Éowyn walked backwards very quietly until she was around the corner, and then she ran.

There were a few guards stationed in the green meadow nearby to watch the horses. “Éowyn, where are you going so fast?” one of them called to her with laughter in his voice. Éowyn did not answer, but dashed across the grassy field without stopping. He might tell her uncle, but there was no helping it now.

There was no mistaking the path. It wound upward, lined with dark shapeless standing stones, and an indefinable sense of dread wafted down from it like a cold breeze. Éowyn hesitated. Almost she drew back. But she was a daughter of the House of Eorl; she would not make her kindred ashamed of her. She raised her chin and walked through the first set of black stones.

Nothing dreadful happened, and she told herself that the sense of fear was only meant to make her prove herself worthy. Looking up the path, she let her hand rest against one of the great stones, but snatched it back at once; the stone was ice-cold, though the day was warm. Éowyn shivered and went on.

The path soon grew dark, shadowed by the mountains though it was still full daylight. As she climbed higher, tendrils of mist began to swirl around her. Éowyn almost thought she could see figures in it, human shapes. She blinked hard; the shapes blurred and re-formed but did not vanish. Was that her mother’s pale face looking back at her, with her white skirts trailing along the ground? Or higher in the air, the horsehair crest of her father’s helmet and the gleam of his spear?

The mist began to gather around her more thickly, and now she could hear voices as well. “Come to us, child, come.” The voices that spoke to her seemed a man’s voice at one moment and then a woman’s, or both blended together. “Do you seek the treasure of the mountain? Long years has it waited there in the darkness! Or do you seek the hidden knowledge of the Dark Years? The Dead possess many secrets. Perhaps you are the fated one. Perhaps it is you.”

“I don’t want your treasure, or your secrets!” Éowyn almost shouted. “I am Eowyn of the Eastfold. I am here to find my father and mother. Éomund, who was Chief Marshal of the Mark, and Théodwyn daughter of Thengel. Do you know them? Are they here?”

“Perhaps,” the voices answered. “Perhaps they are here. Come to us and see. Come closer.”

Éowyn squared her shoulders and went on through the mist, between the old black stones. The path was dimmer now; it seemed the light was fading around her. She moved steadily onward as in a dream, hearing the voices call to her and urge her forward.

Suddenly, something jarred her out of her trance. Someone had called her name -- not a voice from the mist, but the real, true voice of a living man. She blinked, looking around her. She did not recognize her surroundings; she did not remember having walked so far.

The call came again from behind her. “Éowyn!”

It was her uncle Théoden’s voice; after a moment he himself came in sight. He ran to her with a look of relief and caught her shoulders. “Éowyn, sister-daughter. I feared I had lost you.”

He was reassuringly warm and solid. Éowyn had not noticed being cold, but now she realized she was shivering, and her hair was damp with droplets of mist.

“Why did you come here, Éowyn? Great danger lies along this path.”

“I heard them say the Dead were here. I wanted to find my mother and father.” It seemed very foolish once she said it, but Théoden did not laugh.

Instead he said quietly, “Éowyn, your mother and father are not here. They lie in peace beneath their grave-mound. The Dead who haunt this mountain are oath-breakers, who shunned battle. They tell the tale in Mundburg, how the folk of the mountains swore an oath to Isildur to fight for him, and then when he called on them they would not come.”

“Oh,” Éowyn said. “Then my father is not here. He never broke his word or fled from battle.”

“Never