.  He hadn't realized there was a difference.

From the nonplussed look on the girl's face, she wasn't aware of one either.  She looked at the old man for a doubtful moment before glancing outside the cell.  She spotted Arthur and suddenly blanched.

Arthur wasn't used to people looking at him in such fear.  Enemies of Camelot, defeated enemies.  But not young girls.

"Ignore him."  Dragoon flapped a hand towards Arthur in a manner that would have had him protesting in outrage if it hadn't been for the way some of the fear faded from the girl's eyes.

The sorcerer strode over to the cot - a little slower than his fierce strides into the cell - and sat down beside the girl.  "I am known as Dragoon."

A bit of wariness was returning as the shock faded.  The girl glanced at Arthur anxiously before turning back to the old sorcerer.  "Freya."

Dragoon was sitting with a strange stillness.  He coughed and when he finally did speak, his voice was rough.  "Freya.  A beautiful name."  He gave Freya a small, almost wavering smile.  "A strong name."

Arthur's eyes narrowed.  He took a step closer to the grate of the cell, boots scrapping the cold stone beneath his feet.

The sound made Freya's eyes dart towards him.

"And that is the king."  A bony hand flicked in his direction.  "Also known as Wart."  Dragoon ignored Arthur's glare.  The sorcerer leaned forward, grimacing as his back cracked.  "Freya."  He pulled the bracelet from his sleeve, revealing it with a flourish.  "Is this yours?"

Her eyes widened.  She reached for the bracelet before snatching her hand back to lie limply in her lap.

Dragoon's face gentled.  Carefully, he reached out and placed the bracelet in her palm, slowly so she didn't startle.  "You lost it several days ago.  At the fire."

Her eyes shot up to his, then turned, terrified, to Arthur.

That terrible stare was one of the worst things Arthur had seen.  No one should be that frightened of him, let alone a small girl.

Dragoon gave him a quelling glance.  He turned his attention back to Freya.  "Can you tell me how you lost it?"  Somehow he made it a simple enquiry, as if the bracelt had never been recovered from a burnt out shell.

Freya's gaze shot to Dragoon, wide and frozen like a startled hare.  Then to Arthur, the terror in her dark eyes only increasing.

Dragoon let out a weary sigh.  He scowled at Arthur.  But when his gaze fell on the small girl beside him, the expression faded into determination.

"Freya."  The sorcerer's eyes lidded.  Slowly he raised his hand, palm upward and fingers spread in the manner of an offering, before his chest.

Light glowed in the gentle cradle of his hand.  A pale blue white that swirled slowly, expanding and turning to form a perfect sphere.

A sphere Arthur had seen before.






Dragoon turned to Freya, an encouraging smile on his face.

The girl's eyes were wide.  She glanced at Arthur fearfully but her eyes were drawn back inexorably to the glowing ball of light in Dragoon's hand.

Arthur found himself in similar straits.  For entirely different reasons.

He had seen that light before.

Dragoon, unaware of Arthur's thoughts, smiled at Freya, face lit by a silver blue glow.

Enchanted, Freya hesitantly held up her own hand.  A small spark trembled, spinning and growing into a small unsteady orb the size of a large berry.  A smile appeared for the first time on Freya's face.

"Excellent."  Dragoon's voice was soft, deepened and strengthened from its usual querulous tone.  "Bring it in tighter, steadier."

Freya seemed to have forgotten Arthur was there.  She frowned in concentration and the small sphere steadied into a tiny golden sun.

Arthur probably should have said something.  Protested against the sorcery being used in the heart of Camelot, but he didn't.  His gaze was fixed on the blue silver globe resting effortlessly in Dragoon's palm.

Dragoon's gaze lifted to meet his, staring at Arthur for a moment, before returning to Freya.  "Very good."  He held up his other hand, palm up and closed.  "And this?"  His fingers unfurled, a golden flame dancing on his palm.

Freya's reaction was instantaneous.  The small gold light vanished and with a small cry of fear.  Freya shot back on the cot, even as the flame in Dragoon's palm extinguished.

The blue silver globe floated into the air, illuminating Freya's terrified face.

"Freya."  Dragoon's voice was gentle and terribly knowing.  "You've been putting out the fires, haven't you?"

Arthur stared at him in shock.  Freya-

A soft sob broke out.  Freya huddled into a ball, thin arms wrapping around her knees.  "Fire hurt Papa."  Her shoulders shook.

An almost sad look of understanding lit Dragoon