than they are to see Jared here."





"What are you talking about?" he asked.





She exchanged a quick look with Mark. "There's been some encounters with armed pockets of resistance. People who don't believe it was really you that surrendered."





"Or that you didn't have the authority to surrender," Mark broke in. "That you took over when you didn't have the right to, and you weren't speaking for all Akkadians when you ceded authority over the planet."





"That's ridiculous," Jensen said. "And you heard all that from a ten-minute conversation?"





Another exchanged glance. "We have our sources," Lisa said.





"Look, guys, it doesn't matter." Jared spread his hands wide. "We already made the decision."





Jensen snorted.





Ignoring him, Jared went on, "We needed Williams's help. Now he needs our help. One of the best things we can do to show that we're all on the same side when it comes to the sunstorm is to prepare for it together. The more assistance you guys can offer in that regard, the better. Jensen and I will be fine."





Lisa folded her arms across her chest. "Fine. But you'll be the one calling the President to tell her about this change of plans."





Jared glanced at Jensen, and Jensen held up his hands. "She means you." 





"Yeah, okay." Jared sighed. "I'll do that."





Somehow, Jensen had the feeling that the call to the President would be made right about the same time Jared informed her that he had the list of shelters. Much, much later. 





 





They left the next morning, bright and early, in the same jeep that they'd driven around town in. Aircraft were in short supply—fuel even more so—and there was something to be said for driving a ground vehicle that wasn't going to kill you if the power suddenly died. Besides, it was only a three-day drive to Caral. Jensen had conferred with Officer Day about places to stay along the way where they could be assured of a warm welcome, whether because the Coronans were firmly in charge or because they wouldn't otherwise run into trouble. After talking with Day, Jensen's expression had darkened as he'd brusquely said that maybe Lisa knew what she was talking about, and Jared hadn't pressed for more.





Jensen took the wheel, driving them out of the central city and into a suburban landscape not so different from where Jared had grown up. The houses were small and square and reddish brick, each with a small patch of grass in front. In most cases, though, the front yards were crinkly and brown rather than the verdant green Jared knew from home. Well, this planet did have a generally drier climate, if he remembered his geography lessons. And the Akkadians probably had had more important things to do recently than watering their lawns.





They drove over a bridge that reached across a wide, shallow riverbed. There was barely a trickle of water running through it. Along the banks, as far as Jared could see in both directions, were more of the white tents they'd seen from the air and in the city parks and boulevards.





He cleared his throat. "Can I ask you something?"





Jensen held up a finger. "Hold on." He was accelerating as they came off the bridge, open road visible ahead. 





While he waited for Jensen's reply, Jared realized there were only one or two other cars on the road, most of them jeeps like theirs but driven by people in Coronan black. He probably could have asked for more people to come with them, armed to the teeth in case they encountered any trouble; maybe even an aircraft to make the journey shorter. His mother probably would have preferred it if he had. But she had sent him there for diplomatic purposes—for the man beside him as much as anyone else—and Jared was certain he stood a better chance of gaining Jensen's trust if it was just the two of them.





As long as he didn't say the wrong thing and screw everything up, that was.





At any rate, it was clear that Jensen was no longer the same man he'd been in college. Jared knew he shouldn't be surprised: so much had happened since then, to both of them and to the world around them. Before boarding the shuttle on Corona, he'd briefly entertained the idea of trying to draw on their shared history—at least the parts that didn't make his cheeks flame with the memory—to get closer to Jensen. But he'd realized right away that wouldn't work. This was a stranger next to him, and Jared had to remember that.





Finally, they were out of the city, driving across a flat plain with the same reddish earth as the bricks on the houses. Jensen settled back in his seat, adjusting his sunglasses. "Shoot," he called over the rush