the same. It wouldn't have felt the same.

Derek thinks about kissing him—leaning in and capturing those lips with his own—but he can't move. He hopes Stiles will do it; waits for it. He thinks that if he leans forward just half an inch their noses will bump, but he doesn't do that either. He's frozen on the spot—so overwhelmed with everything he wants that he doesn't know how to go about getting it.

"It's late," he murmurs after a long silence. "We should— We should try to find a place to stay the night."

Stiles' eyes are darting between Derek's, mouth closing as he swallows visibly. He nods, and then he's gone—hand slipping free from Derek's as he backs away. There's a faint smile resting on his lips, however, and it makes Derek's heart jolt in anticipation.

"Let's hurry, then."

Derek nearly drops the keys when getting back to the car.

 

 

As they're driving, Stiles' hand reaches over to squeeze Derek's leg. It's not enough to make him lose control of the car, but he can't stop the sigh escaping him. He looks over to the passenger seat, meeting Stiles' eyes in the tense silence where their ragged breaths are the only sound to be heard. He moves his knee as far to the right as possible, giving Stiles room to stroke the inside of his thigh through the denim.

Finally.

 

 







 

 

They kiss for the first time in a motel hallway, after they've parked the Camaro outside and checked in. Derek has been thinking about it since the sun went down, has tried to predict what it's going to be like, and yet it takes him by surprise when Stiles suddenly grabs him gently by the arm and spins him around in the small corridor. Derek is just about to frown and open his mouth to ask what is going on when Stiles tilts his head up and kisses him fully on the mouth.

It's slow and disorientating, because Derek's used to be met by force. They're barely touching, aside from Stiles' hand still wrapped around his forearm, surrounded by open space rather than a couch or a wall to push the other into. He hums against Stiles' lips, pressing back as his heartbeat quickens. When Stiles shortly leans back just enough to end the kiss, Derek doesn't chase after him. Their ragged breaths curl over each other's kiss-bruised lips in the small space between them, and it sounds so loud in the otherwise empty hallway. Derek looks at Stiles' parted lips from under half closed eyelids, blinking once and swallowing down, throat suddenly dry. Their foreheads are touching, and for a moment that probably feels much longer than it actually is, they just stand there, so close, sharing the same air.

Stiles is the one who decides to move first, grabbing the front of Derek's leather jacket with both hands and hauling him in for a second kiss—this one much rougher than the first. He opens his mouth almost immediately and Derek doesn't hesitate to let him in, parting his lips eagerly and letting their tongues meet. Stiles pushes against his chest and backs him up against the wall between the two closest doors before Derek even realizes what's going on. He grunts as his back hits the wall but makes sure not to break the kiss that's growing hot and filthy. His own hands go for Stiles' waist, grasping the jacket between his fingers to keep him exactly where he is.

He inhales through his nose and is once again overwhelmed by Stiles' scent. Derek's used to kisses smelling of women's perfume, but Stiles smells of fresh air and the inside of his car. He doesn't taste like alcohol, but of chicken nuggets and coffee, and yet Derek feels drunk just from a single kiss. His lips are slightly chapped but his tongue is warm and wet, and Derek feels like going mad by how much he's into it all.

He's also never kissed anyone with a beard—always followed his uncle's advice to stay clean-shaven when socializing—but Stiles doesn't seem to mind. Quite the opposite actually; he keeps angling his head to feel Derek's chin scrape against his cheek, and Derek absently wonders if one night together will be enough to give him beard burn.

"Okay," Stiles pants out, hands flat on Derek's chest to keep enough distance between them to speak. "Key. Room. Now."

Derek only hums dumbly in reply, needing another second before registering what Stiles has just said. He reluctantly releases his iron grip on Stiles' jacket and digs for the room key in his jeans. Stiles backs away to clear a path to their door, and Derek nearly trips on his three-steps journey over there because he's too busy missing Stiles' mouth on him. And maybe Stiles can