we’ll see what we can do," I said, to break the tension. Hilda Trelawney left the room with some hesitation, after leaving a note on the table.
"She found an ear cut off in her hands and now she seeks to defend her husband. What bothers you so much about this woman?" I had been silent all the time, patiently letting Sherlock interrogate her, but now, that I could not give him a bad name, I could try to understand the reason for his rudeness.
"Ordinary. Impulsive. Sentimental."
I cought the dig at me and the sting wasn’t pleasant at all.
As if to underline his displeasure, he picked up his phone and drew it to his ear. "Lestrade. The ear belongs to Eduardo Lucas, personal assistant and interpreter of Trelawney." A pause, his expression remained unchanged. "I read it in my crystal ball, as I do with all cases. Let’s go to this man’s home."
He hung up; Lestrade was still talking.

I started thinking as we climbed the stairs to the apartment of Lucas on Godolphin Street: it was an unusual case, at least for me. On one simple package: a French sender, English stamp and postmark and Spanish content of the package. I was led to believe the involvement of more people: if a Frenchman had packaged the content an Englishman had sent it, perhaps the Spanish could had been be the instigator? Or it was just a long ruse to cover the tracks? Or both?
We entered the apartment: it was an old house; ancient, with high ceilings and polished parquet floor. The evidence of the tenant's travels around Europe was visible in the many memorabilia on the walls and supported on wooden furniture, including a collection of antique weapons, not too well maintained. The house seemed in order, more or less, the bed was made, nothing seemed to have been quickly rearranged. I supposed that Lucas hadn’t been kidnapped there, or at least he hadn’t resisted.
Lestrade had brought two agents with him and they were scouring every corner in search of clues. Sherlock, on the other hand, knew where to look. He looked carefully at the well stocked library, then opened a notebook which – as I peeked in - seemed full of drawings done by a kid. He photographed it with his mobile, then lifted the bed clothes and opened the drawers of the nightstand by the bed. He took out a small, fine white bag with a silk ribbon on one side. I was intrigued, but when I went over my breath was cut off  by a wet spray. I coughed and Sherlock read: "Floris eau de parfum. Sirena. Oh, what a luxurious gift."
He threw the bottle and I grabbed it. I turned it over and I read the label, my eyes still watering.
"I've seen enough," Sherlock said approaching the exit. "I don’t think Mr. Lucas will come back, and the police have all the time they need for their..." He waved his hand in search of a quaint term. "Attempts."

It was almost dark when we returned home. Sherlock didn’t eat, as usual. Though, he didn’t seem to be interested in the severed ear or Lucas’ demise. Indeed, even if I was used to his very discouraging moods, I was impressed by his unwarranted irascibility. Unwarranted for me, at least.
The rain had ceased falling. Baker Street was quiet and it was dark outside, save for the pale yellow light of the lamppost trying valiantly to illuminate the street. It was still and tranquil – and, well, dull. What intrigued me, however, was Sherlock’s vacant expression as he faced the windows.
"Not feeling well, are you?"
"I don’t know, how should I feel when I don’t feel well?" he asked, speaking more slowly than usual.
I spared him my disbelief and took a guess. "Hot? Cold? Chills and tingling? Pain in your joints?"
"The last two, yes."
I nodded. "It must be flu. Or it’s because of this rain. You should rest."
I was prepared for a contemptuously scornful answer dismissing my advice, but Sherlock stood up and walked slowly towards his room. "Maybe I should."
I was very surprised, although I had never seen him ill before and didn’t know is this was ‘regular’ behaviour. I was vaguely stunned by his obedience, so I made as if to step behind him.
"Do you need anything...? Can I get you something? "
"No." He entered the room.
"What shall I do with the case of the ear?"
"What case?" He closed the door. I was dumbfounded.
"If you need..."
"John." I heard his voice, muffled by the closed door, but it still seemed to me too conciliatory. "Don’t worry."

Thank you so much from the bottom of my heart to Ivyblossom and Stravaganza for editing it