a little cavalier of Rodney to claim the other bed when John is a guest, as well. It was also pure Rodney. Not that John would let him get away with it if he really had a problem with the arrangements, so she has to assume that they're out there bickering just for the sake of bickering.

She slips out of her clothes and into the oversized tee-shirt; she's still flushed and too warm from the whiskey and beer, and so she sets the sweats aside. Turning out the light, she slides between the crisp sheets of the king-sized bed, and for a while she drifts, her thoughts swirling dizzyingly and keeping her from being able to relax enough to sleep.

She's close to dozing off, though, when her attention is caught by a rhythmic undercurrent of sound. She can't quite place what the sound is, but now her brain is awake again and she can't help trying to puzzle it out. Quietly she slides out of bed and steps over to the door, tilting her head as she listens.

A whisper of rough breath, the rhythmic rustle of fabric, and with a rushing awareness that leaves a knot of arousal heavy and tingling in the pit of her stomach, she realizes that it's John. Her imagination easily fills in the details: John's lean, athletic body, stretched out on Rodney's couch, one hand wrapped lazily around his hard cock, stroking slow and easy.

She's not sure how long she stands there, frozen in place, her breath coming more quickly in time with the soft sound of John's hand on his cock, and then there's a muffled gasp and it's over. She closes her eyes for a second and wills the pounding of her heart to ease up. The slow tease of desire that's been building in her all evening is now a deep, aching need, and there's nothing she wants more than the feel of strong, agile hands and a warm, wet mouth on her skin. She reaches for the doorknob.

Then she freezes again at the sound of the other bedroom door opening and closing. For a split second, she considers turning the knob anyway, stepping through the doorway and into the living room. She can almost feel the caress of two pairs of hands on her skin; she hasn't felt this reckless—this wanton—in years, and there's a part of her that just wants to let go, to follow her desires.

She's not sure if the urge is a result of the alcohol she's consumed, or of her earlier realization of the implicit trust she places in John and Rodney, but she's pretty sure it would be a bad idea, no matter how desperately she wants it right at this moment.

Her hand drops to her side and she returns to the bed, frustrated but all too aware of her position as leader of the expedition; she's expected to live up to far stricter standards than the rest of them, and most of the time she's okay with that. Right now, though, she wishes she didn't care so much, wishes she could just give up that responsibility for one night.

Lying in bed and staring up at the ceiling, she's tempted to follow John's example, to relieve the tension that's been building in her since the first touch of John's fingers on hers as he handed her the glass of whiskey. But she can hear whispers from the living room, and if she can hear them then she's fairly sure the reverse would be true, so she tries to relax and let the soft sounds of movement from the next room lull her into sleep. No one's ever died of sexual frustration, after all.

Again, she's nearly asleep when something—some sound—cuts through the comfortable haze and sets her brain in motion. This time she's quicker to recognize the rhythm, to connect it to self-gratification. No whisper of fabric and skin this time; instead it's a gentle, repetitive thud against the wall that separates her room from the one Rodney is occupying. She's momentarily irritated by the unfairness of the situation, by the double-standard that requires a broad wink and a pretense of ignorance when it comes to John or Rodney (because "men have needs"), yet would leave her faced with blushes and stammering discomfort if their situations were reversed.

And then she's the one blushing, as the soft whisper of voices drifts through the wall and the quiet thumping abruptly stops, and she suddenly realizes Rodney isn't alone. That surprises her—probably more than it should, considering it wasn't too many minutes ago that she was considering sex with him herself—but it also explains why he insisted on taking the second bedroom and leaving John on the couch. Privacy.

She knows that it's as unfair of her to assume Rodney doesn't have a girlfriend as it is of him to assume