building's door as she stepped out into the brisk February afternoon.

She couldn't hear the music out here, but she could in her head and that was all that mattered. She had broken the chains she had believed to bind her heart to Josh's, and found herself in it all. That music had been her catalyst, had powered her steps and had finally put some emotion in her smile. There was no need for her to be holed up in the tomb her apartment had become. There was no need for her to hide just because this was Valentine's Day, the day of love. She had finished her grieving; now it was time for her to live.

Oddly enough, as she walked through the streets of London, it was not Josh's face that she kept seeing out of the corner of her eye. It was that of a certain dark-haired man.

She wondered if he was enjoying his holiday.

Severus watched the valentine swoop by outside his door, two white fluffy wings holding the bright red heart-shaped epistle as it moved down the corridor. He itched to hex it into oblivion, but Albus had coerced him into agreeing to not hex anything that didn't venture into his classroom. He was certain that the eternally cheerful codger had then surreptitiously gone and warned all the students, just to spoil his fun. At least it wasn't a total loss. Instead of his usual chaperon duty, Albus had agreed to let him have the night off. And he was not staying around this garishly bedecked castle any longer on this intolerable holiday than he absolutely had to.

Once his office hours were over he quickly packed a valise with a few things he'd need. Not much, just a few things. Giving the Baron explicit instructions to keep his eye on the revels of his foolish charges – and thanking what deities there were that he wasn't the Head of House of Hufflepuff and that there would be no broken hearts for him to mend when he returned – he headed to the gates and apparated from Hogwarts as soon as he could.

There were perks to being the last living member of one of the oldest wizarding families in Britain. Money, prestige, property were among them. But he wasn't going to one of the old ancestral estates today. Instead he had finally found the last place that anyone would ever think to find him, Severus Snape former Death Eater, spy and, most recently, war hero. Albus could floo him if there was an emergency, but that was about it. Never would anyone, ally or enemy, think to find him in a flat in muggle London.

It had started at the end of the war, when it was finally safe for him to leave Hogwarts without fearing for his life. Old habits die hard, however, and the spy in him had deemed this the perfect place to hide out away from the school. It was a distinguished, if slightly old, building not far from campus – yet only one of his neighbors was a student that he knew of. It had become a place for him to explore the muggle curiosities that had always fascinated him, but that he had never been able to before. After all, no Death Eater was supposed to be interested in anything muggle.

He had started his secret life by immersing himself in music. A sales circular from the muggle newspaper - borrowed from his neighbor's doorstep - had helped him in that direction. A little bit of concentration and, voilà, he had transfigured a top of the line muggle entertainment system just waiting for him to try. A few trips through the dial of the stations and he quickly figured out that he didn't much like muggle pop music, instead preferring the classical and jazz stations that he found. And soon he had found record shops, where he could purchase the CDs that contained his favorite songs and that broadened his musical horizons.

The CD he was listening to now was relatively new. He had only had it for a few weeks, but it had become one of his favorites. This David Benoit had the touch when it came to the piano. It may not be the same classical sounds that he grew up with, but it was still incredible. He'd have to thank the young woman at the record store when he returned, since she had been most helpful in suggesting it.

He briefly considered pushing that though away, for thoughts such as these invariably led to thoughts of Her. But he wasn't at Hogwarts where it was, or rather had been, forbidden. He was in his own flat, surrounded by flats filled with people he didn't know. No one would be the wiser. Having come to that conclusion, he allowed his mind to drift to the other thoughts, the ones he rarely let out to play.

Yes, the girl at the record store looked a lot like her, brown eyes, tawny colored hair with just a bit of curl. That was where the resemblance left off, for she didn't have the riotous waves falling down her back like Her.