over her words, before letting out a laugh, "In fact- do come over, whenever you're free- it'll be nice to still have a teenage boy under my roof" She lets out a small, wistful sigh.    "Of course Trish" Louis agrees easily, relaxing into the cushioned headrest of the car. It's easy to see just how much Patricia's only child means to her. Now that he's gone- Louis can only imagine the loneliness. He vows silently to himself to make sure to come see her as often as he can.    Just as they're turning up the small driveway to the Malik's house- Louis content with the thought of a nice cup of tea before heading home- a boy appears, looking awkward as he stands on the porch. The boy turns as he hears the car approach; the first thing Louis notices is that the boy has enormous glasses- almost as if the boy wants to hide behind them. The boy has brown, soft looking hair, which curls slightly at the bottom.    "What in the name..." Patricia says under her breath, looking as confused as Louis feels. Louis' never had seen this boy before, which is saying a lot seeing as their town is small, friendly. Known. Louis hops out of the car, frowning at the boy slightly that's pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose and clutching a few papers to him as if his life depends on it.    "We're not buying, sorry love" Patricia calls over from where she's locking the car. The boy blinks in genuine confusion and Louis feels a pang of remorse for him.    "Was there something I could help you with?" Lou asks kindly.    "Oh. I- yes that would be great if you could" The boy says enthusiastically, shuffling forward, closer to Louis as Patricia walks up, standing next to Louis to see what's going on. "You see I’m- I’m looking for a boy?" The end of his sentence tilts up, as if he's asking Louis and Patricia the question.    "He's- you see, I um- well that's not important. But um, I believe his name is Zayn? Zayn Malik?" The boy says Zayn's name with a slight lisp, sounding like he has a permanently blocked nose. He speaks quite rapidly too, his hands shaking slightly with the papers.    "Oh, love- you're fresh out of luck" Patricia sympathises. "We only just came back from dropping him off at the train station. He's going to London." She adds proudly.    The boy looks genuinely so lost at these words that Louis almost feels like bursting into hysterical tears.    "Was it something important?" Louis frowned slightly.    "Oh no- no, not at all. I just- well I used to play peewee soccer with him. I just thought we were due in for a catch up. My name's Liam by the way. Liam Payne" Liam adds quickly.    "I didn't know Zayn used to play soccer, let alone pee wee" Louis frowns slightly. His mind flashes back to the night of Niall leaving, Zayn sleeping, Louis finding the pictures and audiotapes. He feels himself pale as he stares at this nervous, mousy looking boy. Liam. Zayn had never even so much as mentioned a Liam before. But- if he was on the same soccer team as Zayn, does that mean that what happened to Zayn, happened to Liam too?    "I'll tell him you stopped by," Patricia offers, with a bright smile. Liam smiles back, although it doesn't reach his eyes.    ""Did you maybe need a lift back?" Louis offers impulsively. "I mean, I don't see a car here, and I’d hate for you to have to walk, or hitch a ride."    "My truck did break down" Liam nods solemnly, thinking it over for a second before nodding. "Sure. Thank you, I’d really appreciate that."

   zayn

    "I told you you have t'be careful. This is London, mate. Not a small, shit town" Niall sighs, throwing a few condoms at Zayn lazily. "You have to make sure to use those. Always. You could get really sick, ya hear?"    Zayn is barely paying attention as he turns the small foil square wrapped around in his hand. He's never really used it before.    "Also, hey I uh. I mean, I could get you another job. If- you wanted? Something more... Safe." Niall finishes unsurely. Zayn doesn't even look up. Niall sighs.    "What?" Zayn asks, finally looking up to meet Niall's green eyes. Niall lives in a piece of shit apartment, just above a train line, which means it's always noisy, and smells like the sewer. But it's his own place, and he let's