operating table and it was a long anxious wait until she finally woke up. Ronon still remembers the infirmary - himself in the chair beside Teyla's bed, Sheppard pacing, and McKay huddled on the opposite bed, curled in on himself, not making a sound.

"She's gonna be fine, Keller said so." Ronon says.

"She shouldn't have been hurt at all," Sheppard shoots back, with more force than necessary. His voice is just this side of a shout and he quickly collects himself and stands up. "Another one?" he asks, waving his empty mug.

"Nah, still working on my first." Ronon can already figure out how this night is going to end. He's seen it before, how men lose themselves in drink when they feel like they can't handle their lives anymore. Sometimes they never find their way back. He hopes Sheppard is stronger than that.

Sheppard leaves for the bar and comes back with another ale which he proceeds to drink as quickly as the first. At this rate, he'll be drunk off his ass in a very short time. Ronon nurses his first mug as he watches Sheppard drink, knowing that Sheppard will need someone to be there for him later and Ronon won't do him any good if he's drunk too.

"What?" Sheppard says after a while. "Why're you staring at me like that?"

Ronon shrugs, but doesn't stop looking at the other man. "Nothing," he says, and then after a while. "McKay's been quiet lately."

"Yeah," the look on Sheppard's face is half anger and half regret. Ronon isn't sure at who the anger is directed. Sheppard probably isn't sure himself.

"He hasn't been himself," Ronon continues. "Zelenka says he doesn't yell at them like he used to, just leaves nasty little notes on their desks."

"Must be nice for them," Sheppard mutters, finishing off his second mug. The stuff is strong and he's already slurring his words a little. "Not to have to listen to his constant blabbering all the time."

"You really think so?" Ronon says and gets a dark glare in return.

"I'm getting another one of these," Sheppard says, standing up again and steadying himself against the table as he sways. He's not a lightweight, but Gadran ale is a lot more potent than the weak light beer the Lanteans prefer.

Teyla and McKay come down the stairs about the same time the singing and dancing begins. Teyla joins her people while McKay sits alone in a corner, sulking into a mug of ale. Ronon wonders if he should go and talk to him, but Sheppard is getting very drunk, very fast and Ronon doesn't want to leave him alone in that state.

The celebration is in full swing now. People are dancing and laughing, little trays of pastries are being passed around, and the ale is flowing. Teyla seems to be having a good time, dancing first with Halling and then with that dark-haired fellow whose name Ronon can never remember but who can make her smile like no one else can. It's good, he decides. Teyla deserves this. They all deserve this. But Lanteans can be so unbelievably stubborn sometimes.

"I gotta piss," Sheppard says suddenly, rising from his chair and almost falling over. Ronon hasn't kept track of how much he's been drinking, but the empty mugs gathering on their table tell their own story.

"I'll come with you," he says, gently guiding Sheppard through the mass of happy people with a hand resting lightly on his elbow.

Sheppard makes a motion to shake him off, but his balance is way off and he only succeeds in almost walking into the doorjamb. "Don't need a minder," he slurs and steps outside.

"Looks like you do," Ronon tells him as Sheppard stumbles on the threshold and ends up face first in the snow outside, long legs tangled underneath him. Ronon helps him up and frees him from his P-90 and Beretta, not wanting to risk any accidents.

"I don't need you looking after me," Sheppard protests and disappears around the corner of the tavern.

Ronon sighs and follows. Sheppard is leaning against the wall, fumbling with his pants, trying to get himself free of the fabric. Any other time, it would be amusing to watch, but Ronon doesn't like seeing his commander so shattered, so hurt, that he can't even manage to take a piss on his own. He won't tell anyone about this because it's not funny. Instead he steps up behind Sheppard, takes his weight against his chest, and helps him disentagle himself from the folds of his pants.

"Need me to hold it for you?" he asks, trying for a light and joking tone of voice, but only making it come out angry.

"Fuck you," Sheppard answers, but he leans back