at the stuttering of his heart, eyes squeezing even tighter shut as he grinned at the absolute joy blooming in his chest and tried to stop the relentless flow of tears.

"Oi! Teme!"

The angry shout caused him to bark out a laugh and turned his head towards their voice. "What do you want, Dobe?" His grin gave away his amusement as he tried to glare at the boy clad in orange beside him.

"What do you think you're doing?!" He furiously shrieked, chest heaving as he pushed himself up.

"What are you talking about?" The darker haired boy replied, face scrunching up incredulously at the shout.

"You can't die!" The other replied, crystalline blue eyes glistening with unshed tears as he stared down at his bleeding form. "You just... can't!"

He shook his head forlornly, suddenly feeling tired and his heart dropped as he felt his eyelids close on their own. "And why's that?" He slurred, neck going limp as his head lolled to the side.

"Because I lo-

He let out a gasp and tore his head off of the desk, blinking as the image ran repeatedly through his head. 'The hell?'

"Nice of you to finally join us."

He owlishly stared at the brown desk, wondering how in the hell it was able to speak- Actually... Thinking about that again, it was probably the guy with grey hair who stood slanted against the door-frame.

'Oh. That makes more sense,' The boy mused, pursing his lips as he mentally shook off the dream- or whatever the hell that was.

"Who are you?" He asked, skeptically looking at the man, despite fully well knowing who he was before he could even answer.

"I'm your Jounin instructor for the rest of eternity," the man replied, languidly pushing himself off of the door-frame. "Right!" He clapped. "Now that sleeping beauty's awake, I'll meet you all on the roof." And he was gone.

.

.

"Actually..."

Oh, look. He's back.

"My first impression of you guys is...." It was a total of exactly six seconds that passed by with his head still sticking in through the door before he spoke up again. "I don't like you."

Naruto made some sort of enraged gurgle. "WHO CARES?!"

And, honestly, it was only when he said that, that Sasuke noticed his powder covered form.

He snorted as he saw what was he deemed to be a pout under Kakashi's mask as he slid the door shut.

That.... was pretty anticlimactic.... and not in the Manga. Or Anime, as a matter of fact. (Even if it does like to go off in a different direction than the Manga sometimes.)

Also.

Pretty sure Sasuke didn't take the stairs, either.

Ok. Maybe he did. But did he take them two at a time?

Just think about it.

 

 •うちはサスケ•

 

"So! Introductions!"

All three children blinked up at their Jounin instructor, a bit stumped for thought at his dramatic yet lazy appearance.

I mean, who walks around with grey-anti-gravity-defying-hair (I know. Overused description) and one of his eyes covered as if he were a bloody pirate from the Caribbean?

Ok. That last thought (and pun) was only... Well, thought, by our resident- last, begrudgingly- Uchiha.

The dark-haired boys lips quirked upwards in amusement at what was to come and pointedly looked at the ground to hide his twinkling eyes. "This is not going to end well," he mumbled, deflating in his seat on the grey stone. 'Besides, my ass is already numb.'

He loosely shook his head to get rid of his bizarre thoughts and narrowed his eyes in suspicion at their Sensei pointing an accusing finger at the one and only pariah of Konoha.

"You- with the blonde hair and loud mouth," he droned, wiggling his pointer finger in his direction. "You first."

The boy glared at their Sensei's description of him and leaped to his feet. "M-My name's Naruto Uzumaki, 'ttebayo!" He accidentally stuttered, and Sasuke didn't miss the way his blue eyes flickered towards a certain pinkette.

His cheeks flushed for a moment before he cleared his throat and continued, "I like Ramen-"

Sasuke interrupted him with a snort and lightly rolled his eyes. "I know," he slurred, shooting him an unimpressed glance. "It's hard not to."

The blonde boy's mouth dropped open in shock and he shoved a shaking finger in the darker haired boys face. "What?!" He yelped, bewilderingly blinking at the Uchiha boy.

The boy in question shot him a smirk and wiggled his eyebrows, taking pleasure in the way he cringed back. "I always see you guzzling it down like there's no tomorrow." He snorted in amusement, piercing the boy with his scrutinising gaze. "Not to mention the stains