quick glance down both sides of the hallway in a last ditch effort to prove that he could be responsible when forced to be, but the hall was dark and well into the castle's night cycle. Which meant they were as alone as they were likely to be. Which meant... Honestly, he didn't know what that meant, because Shiro's hand slid up his thigh to palm him through his jeans and he leaned forward to lightly bite Lance's stomach through his shirt and thinking was really fucking overrated.





Lance gasped out a sound that was caught somewhere between a groan and a moan and dropped his head back against the wall. His eyes slid shut as Shiro chuckled darkly and started to unbutton Lance's jeans with his free hand, because the universe was an amazing place that was full of wonders.





His eyes opened as the zipper was slowly pulled down, the sound loud in the quiet of the hallway. A glance down showed him Shiro looking up at him, eyes dark and amused and lips curled up in that smile he hadn't known Shiro was capable of until recently. His heart started to beat faster, and he was so hard it was almost painful.





"You okay, baby?"





"Shiro." His voice sounded wrecked already and that was about as much of an answer as he was capable of at the moment, but it must have been enough, because Shiro's hands drifted to the waistband of his jeans and he nosed his shirt up enough to lightly drag his tongue across Lance's abs. Lance made another one of those hybrid sounds and dropped his head back again. He took another deep breath and tried to rein himself in a bit, because if Shiro kept this teasing up he was going to come in his pants and he so didn't want that. He wanted Shiro's mouth and hands on him, wanted the other man to make him come undone, to...





"Oh, hey guys, there you are."





Lance stopped breathing again, muscles jerking instinctively in a fight or flight response. Shiro shot to his feet, nearly unbalancing them both before hauling Lance into his chest with his human arm and raising his Galra arm defensively. They both turned slightly to see Hunk staring at them, eyes wide and hands raised in a half-panicked gesture. 





"Oh, hey, guys, sorry! I didn't mean to startle you. But hallway, and it's late, but you weren't in your room, Lance, and I wanted to make sure you were okay after today."





Lance stared at his best friend wide-eyed, mind a complete blank. Shiro's body was tense against him, but at least he'd lowered his arm back to his side. After a moment of awkward silence it finally occurred to him that he should answer. "I'm fine?"





"Cool, bro, cool. That's good." The big man scratched his head and stared at them while Lance started to panic, because he had no idea what to say in this situation. They were going to tell everyone, eventually anyway, but they hadn't discussed how, and this scenario would not have been on the top of his list. Or anywhere on his list. Or something that should have happened, ever. All because Lance couldn't hold it together when a princess kept flirting with Shiro, and he'd started flirting with the prince in a knee-jerk reaction. So this was his fault. Something of that must have carried through in his posture, because Shiro started to rub soothing circles on his lower back and moved his free hand to Lance's hip.





They stared at each other for another wordless moment before Hunk cleared his throat again. "So does this mean you're together?"





Lance's brain blanked again, because he didn't know how to answer that question either. Yes, obviously, but were they together or was this just a temporary "we're stuck in space together; hey, we should fuck!" sort of thing? He suddenly wasn't sure. Still, he needed to say something. Anything. Just to make this stop. "Um, yes?" 





He risked a glance up at Shiro and felt his heart start racing again, which shouldn't have been physiologically possible. Shiro's pupils were still blown and his eyes were wide. A blush was staining his cheeks, and his expression almost matched the panic Lance felt. Something softened as their eyes met, though, and Shiro managed a smile down at him. "Yes," he replied, possibly in response to the questioning tone in Lance's voice, his own voice still husky but the word so sure. "Yes, we are." Suddenly Lance could breathe again, and he returned Shiro's soft smile with one that was a lot more relieved than was probably necessary given that his jeans were still unbuttoned.





"Good. I'm happy for you guys." Lance turned his attention back to Hunk to meet his eyes. His face was crinkled up into a