!?”

                “Because if we don’t hurry, we’ll miss—Shh!”

                I hear the familiar creaking of the large room doors, and those equally familiar footsteps.

                “It’s him! And he’s definitely acting sneaky, I can tell it from the way he’s walking!”

                “I don’t know whether to be impressed or creeped out, Shibuya.”

                But I don’t have time for his wise cracks anymore. I put all my attention into shadowing Wolf from a distance where he can’t discover us, though he does stop a few times, as though he could sense someone watching him.

                “As expected of Wolf, he’s not making it easy for us.”

                “Don’t sound so proud of your fiancé while stalking him because you suspect him of having an affair, it’s pitiful to watch.”

                “…”

                After a while, the corridors start to feel familiar.

                “Wait, isn’t this the way to—”

                “Yuuri? What are you doing—Mmph!”

                Shit, I was so focused on Wolfram I hadn’t realized Conrad was behind us. “Shh!”

                Lord Weller blinks at me innocently, even though I have my hand clamped over his mouth. Even with half his face blocked, he manages to show his curiosity, signaling towards Wolfram with his eyes. Or maybe I’m just too used to his expressions, carved as they are into my very bones.

                He’s asking, without words, “Why is everyone gathered near Gwendal’s room?”

                Gwendal’s room—Wolf, how could you, with your older brother—

                No, no, no! What am I thinking? Gwen doesn’t wear perfume, or have white hair, so it must be someone else…

                Just as I think that, the door open quickly, and I hear a girl’s voice beckon Wolfram in. The whole exchange is fast as lightning, quiet as a feather, and definitely suspicious.

                “So is this why Lord von Voltaire has been taking days off?” Murata muses, and then pats my shoulder. “See, Shibuya? This is why I told you to make a move before you regretted it. Now there’s no way you can beat a Triple Threat match.”

                “Wolfram and Gwendal, huh… Why is it I’m always the one left out of these things?”

                “That’s no good, Lord Weller, when it comes to these dubious activities, you mustn’t give in to sibling pressure so easily. Look, Shibuya is so shocked by your words that he’s gone numb.”

                “Yuuri, are you okay?”

                …Okay? Am I okay? Everything’s spinning around in my head so I hold it and crouch down,

                “I’m not okay at all!”

 

Once I calm down a bit, I realize it’s probably—no, definitely a huge misunderstanding. It’s all Murata’s fault for making it sound so misleading, there’s no way Wolfram would—with Gwendal—

                “I’ve gone mad. The world’s gone mad.”

                In the end, I ran into my room like a chicken and hid my head under my pillow.

                What was I even thinking? Wolfram would never cheat on me, not after accusing me of being a flirt so often in the past. Although he hasn’t done that much recently… Suddenly I cling onto those angry, childish words that used to annoy me as though they’re a lifeline.

                Wolfram is a proud, upright person. There’s no way he would become a hypocrite.

                Ah, to think I’m relying on his pride as a noble rather than his professed love for me to convince myself that my fiancé is not having an affair… Murata was right, I am pitiful.

                But… affair or not, Wolfram is hiding something from me. I turn around to lie on my pillow and stare at the ceiling. Come to think of it, today’s the most I’ve seen of him in a while. Has he been avoiding me? What with the coming back late, and I never see him during the day anymore…

                I sigh. Even though I was following him for such a despicable reason, I guess I was still happy to see him today. How pathetic is that?

                The door creaks open.

                “Just leave me alone already…”

                “What is it this time, wimp?”

                My eyes lock themselves skyward. It’s not night yet.

                “Why are you back so early?”

                “It’s my room too, I can come back whenever I want.”

                “But these past few days…”

                “I was busy, so?”

                “And now…?”

                “Now I finished what I had to get done. Is it that hard to understand?”

                It is. I don’t understand, I really can’t comprehend what’s happening. But—

                “Whoa, Yuuri! What’s the matter with you today?”

                I wrap my arms around his waist and breathe in his scent. Yeah, I