the middle of a game.

“You’ve been spacing out frequently. Do you need a break?” Sugawara approached him, handing him some water. Everyone seemed to agree that he did need a break and were off individually practicing. Asahi and Yamaguchi with the serves; Hinata and Nishinoya with receives; Even Daichi, Ennoshita, and Narita seemed to be discussing strategies and observations in a corner.

“Do you need someone to talk to it about?” Sugawara continued, getting it right on his first try exactly what Kageyama needed. Kageyama nods and a bit nervously mumbled ‘yes’ while following Sugawara to sit at the steps of the gym’s door.

“So..what is it?” Sugawara knows it’s going to be hard for Kageyama to say his thoughts but that’s all the more reason for him to help his underclassman.

“..uh..you see, I, Hinata, he..”


‘So it involves Hinata-kun, huh?’


“He’s just so energetic. His hair is too fluffy and messy! It’s too orange! He’s so small!! His skin is smooth and he eats so much in one bite!!”

“Eh? So he annoys you? W-well, that’s not really his fault Kageyama-kun. Hinata is Hinata after all.” Sugawara tries his best to understand and help him but if he’s annoyed at Hinata for being himself, it would be really difficult and he might have to consult Daichi on this one.

“Annoyed? N-no! That’s not it! He’s..ugh..he’s..” Kageyama stutters as blood slowly goes to his cheeks. Meanwhile, Sugawara just waits for him to complete what he’s saying.

‘If you’re not annoyed what is it?’  Sugawara thinks about everything Kageyama said, rather confused about it as well.

“Hinata..He’s cute.” Kageyama finally finishes. The last part was barely above a whisper but Sugawara doesn’t let it get past his ears. “I like Hinata.” Kageyama continues before standing up and walking stiffly to the vending machine.

“Kageyama-kun! Don’t try to drown your feelings by drinking!!” Sugawara chases after him and drags him back to the gym after seeing the murdered juice boxes Hinata mentioned a while ago.

“Th-then what should I do, Suga-san?”

“Wh-what do you want to do?”

“I want to hug him and.. tell him how I feel. I’m positive he likes you too.”

Kageyama blushes and covers his face with his hands. He was worried Hinata might find him weird if he says it all of a sudden, but he doesn’t think he can last longer if he doesn’t tell him. If it does weird Hinata out, it could cause problems for the team.

“Suga-san, can you send me some tosses?” Tanaka suddenly appears by the door, yelling quite loudly. Sugawara walks over but before that, he doesn’t leave Kageyama hanging and tells him what he thinks.

“I think you should do that then, Kageyama. Tell him how you feel.” Sugawara smiles at Kageyama before he is dragged away by Tanaka.

 

***

 

Practice was now over. Kageyama and Hinata were walking home after Daichi treated them to the usual meat buns at Ukai’s. Kageyama was silent, not really that different from usual, but something ticks Hinata a bit. He feels like there was something going on behind his back and he couldn’t handle it anymore. He always didn’t like it when Kageyama hid thinga from him. He was about to confront Kageyama about it when Kageyama suddenly speaks.

“Wait for me a bit. I’m gonna stop by that vending machine?”

“To murder more juice boxes?”

“What—no, dumbass!”

He walks over, punches his fingers at two buttons at once and waits for the drinks to fall down. While waiting, he pulls out a marker from his bag. He grabs one of the juice boxes and starts to scribble on it. After he’s satisfied with what he’s written on it, he grabs the other one and jogs back to Hinata, who is now sitting on a bench at a nearby playground.

“Oh, Kageyama! You got two, is the other one for me?”

Without responding, he throws one at Hinata and stabs a straw at the one he’s holding. He sips nervously, waiting for Hinata to notice the writings. He suddenly stops.


‘Shit’


He takes the straw out of his and takes a look at the juice box he’s holding.

“Hinata! Switch!” He grabs at the one Hinata’s holding and pushes the other one on Hinata.

“What?! Yuck, no! You have your saliva on that thing already!”

“Then switch the straws too!!” He successfully does the switch and just squeezes the life out of the juice box out of frustration for messing his own plan up. He was secretly so nervous and unsure about all this, he ended up handing