, yo?  Most peopel have waited all century fro this moment.  Vanna, man, vanna. Yo."

Teefa handed out free beer for all, because it was her damn bar and nobody else was there anyway.  Also because she'd found a rat swimming in that particular keg and didn't feel comfortable serving it to her paying customers, assuming she ever had any paying customers.  The rat was currently hopefully sobering up in an old jlass tip jar on the bar, and seemed to be gleefully observing the small gropup.  If rats did that sort of thing.

"Well Cid," Clod prompted,battign her eyes for no reason at all, "What's your big news?  Let me guess, Vincent is pregnant again?"

"No I am not, thank you very much," Vincent replied with a cold undead stare.  "Although now that you mention it, he did want to knock me up in my wereworl form so we could have puppies, but I persuaded him otherwise."

"Yeah!"  said scid.  "But I'm having kittens instead!  You can train them to use a litterbox and then you don't have to take them for walks!  But we're only keeping 3, for the kids, and you can adopt the rest!  isn't that splendind news!"

"oooh I wanna kitten, can I have a kitten?"  Clud said, clasping her hands in frot of her pretty dress. It was totally cute, light blueish that matched her eyes, and frills all down one side, but nobody had even complimented her on it! Not even Reno, not even a question about how much it's cost, which was what HE tended to comment on! Buit they'd notice if she was holding a kitten, they'd look at her then. "Pleeeease, rino?"

Sephiloth looked at them all like they'd lost their collective mind.  "Cid's going to shit kittnes, why did I show up fior this?"  But tiefa shoved several more beers at him quickly, and he shut up.  Free beer makes everythign better.

"Noooo, silly!  You misunderstand!"  cid pattend his hulking murderous stepson on the arm, whoch was not at all appreciated.  "I'm not the one who's pregnant, it's Cait!"

"You knocked up homedude's cat?"  Reno squinted apreciatively.  "badass, yo."

"Well Vincent wouldn't have my puppies, and the kids have been pleading for pets for some time n ow.  It seemed the logical solution."  Sid spread his arms in a 'ta-da' gesture, griining like a dumb shit.

"Why didn't you just-"  Speheolith started, but Teefa shoved more beers at him again and he shut up again.  It wasn't really any of his buisness anyway.  Well, other than the having kittend for step sibilings part... he rolled his eyes imprtessively and drank his beers. all of them. Quickly.

"Kate is a girls name" clod grumbled, examining her maincure.  "And everyone knows girls can't have babies!" She so often cursed her lack of manliness that was depriving her man of babied.  Umnless he went out and got knocked by some other dude, but thouse wouldn't be HER babies then...

"pretty sure it's a guy, because yeah, girls can't have babies!"  Cid reconsidered, because just want the hell had he fucked? "well maybe even a robot, fuck if i know, but a male one at least because it's definitely havign my kittens!  he said he wanted to, siad he'd had a crush on me for years.  Wait, can cats even fuckign  talk? "  nobody answered that.

Tife frowned sadly, she could never be a mother.  That sucked, because like clod, she wanted to have somebodies' babies.  Which was weird, because she hadn't felt this way until earlier, actually about the tiem she'd saved that damn rat.  She mnoticed her tip jar rat had seemingly sobered  up some and seemed to be really watchign them with creepy rodent intensity and some sort of fucked up glee.  Can rodents smile?  Are they supposed to be able to? That was kinda scary.

"Anyway, "Scid went on, "Doc whats-her-face said she expects it'sll be a full litter, so there will be enough for all of you to adobt one!"

"Not sure I want your kittens,yo, no offense man," Reeno backed off a few steps trying to look unresponsible as possible, like the last person you should entrust your half man half robot cat kitten things to.  And tried to ignore Cluod's pleadingl looks.  Chicks and baby things, what the hell was with that crap?.

"We're calling them 'kiddens' for the record," Vincent chimed in. " And i for one am looking forward to some new and interestign pets."

"But waht if they're evil?"  Tifa just had to ask.  "Cate is a Sith after all, and everybody knows what