world so wrong." 

Then the chorus started playing it was my favorite part so i started dancing along, not realizing just how loud i had decided to sing along to it.

"Say goodbye, as we dance with the devil tonight. Don't you dare look at him in the eye, as we dance with the devil tonight  Trembling, crawling across my skin. Feeling your cold dead eyes, stealing the life of mine.  I believe in you, I can show you that I can see right through all your empty lies.  I won't last long, in this world so wrong."

I spun around really getting into my dancing to anyone else i would have looked crazy with the way i was dancing but i was alone so free from judgment here. I even pretended to be drumming and playing the guitar defiantly crazy to the outside world.


"Say goodbye, as we dance with the devil tonight. Don't you dare look at him in the eye, as we dance with the devil tonight Hold on. Hold on."


I started to increase in both volume and decided to up the level in crazy dancing if that was even possible.


 "Say goodbye, as we dance with the devil tonight. Don't you dare look at him in the eye, as we dance with the devil tonight. Hold on. Hold on." 


I stopped dancing and as i turned around i gasped when i saw Lucifer standing at the door with an amused smirk on his face "h-how long have you been standing there?" i asked really dreading his answer "long enough, i was going to see if you were ready to head out but i think you have other plans so how about we stay here?" i internally groaned 'again? just kill me please' he just chuckled "sorry, can't do that" i then smirked when i thought of something else "so there is one rule about dancing with the devil, don't look him in the eye" he just gave his signature smile and clicked his fingers and suddenly the song started playing through speakers that weren't there a moment ago "let's put that theory to the test then shall we?".

Reader is unable to sleep and is feeling upset so Lucifer comforts them.


I loved to write this, it made me want to cry towards the end. Oh my gosh. I need him in my life even if it's just to help me in my bad times, so i hope you guys like it :)


You had been tossing and turning in bed for the past hour unable to sleep. Everything started to some back to you every little mistake you made, ways in which you could have done things better and it was getting too much, you had started to lose sleep, those were the rare times you could sleep. The only thing that helped you sleep at all was when Lucifer was next to you. He would pull you near and whisper little things to help calm you down and he would wrap his wings around you. This helped you feel safe and that's when you realized what was about to happen and it needed to be stopped now. You were heading down the path of your depression coming back in full force. You turned around and noticed that Lucifer wasn't next to you and you quickly looked at the time '3AM?' you grabbed your phone "maybe he is busy?" you whispered to yourself on brink of tears. Biting your lip unsure of if you should phone him, you pressed the call button on his name and waited.

After one ring he answered "(y/n) it's 3AM, what's wrong?" he asked his tone mixed with worry and concern and he said it really gently "i..it's just that.....I'm sorry you are probably busy" with that you hung up and threw your phone against the wall. Breaking down in tears and falling to your knees you cried into your hands. Next thing you know, you are being pulled into a hug "why did you hang up sweetheart?", "you were busy and I'm not important enough to-", "you stop right there! First I'm never busy when you need me no matter what it is. If you need me I'm here and second you are so important to me. I would be nothing without you please don't think you are not important enough to drop everything for. I would do anything you want me to, if you want the moon i will give you that you know that sweetie" you looked at him, tears still falling, he wiped them away and smiled softly at you "why are you so nice to me?" your question came out a little above a whisper but his face spoke great volumes. He was shocked "what do you mean?", "you are so nice to me, you drop everything for me. You protect me and are so loving to me but to others you are cold and hateful. So why me?" he seemed to think for a moment then smiled placing a kiss on your forehead.

"I'm