while, low key…"And he had packed his bags, kissing Nick and Louis on the heads and telling them to keep quiet, please, I’ll back soon.Nick had huffed, sat at the door for a day, then whined and went to sleep, but Louis was in heaven, eating whenever he damn well pleased, not having to dedicate time to his blithering owner; life had been good. Until now. This guy was getting annoying. Banging and banging on the door, when suddenly, it was silent. But Louis felt something wrong. Something was wrong.Dropping off the ledge gracefully, Louis sashayed across the room to Nick, who obviously felt it too, now standing, hackles just this side of raised, a growl just beginning to emanate from his deep in his chest when a loud noise made Louis jump, landing on the kitchen counter.Nick was at the door in a second, a feral bark breaking from his jaws as he defended his home. The man laughed cruelly, and raised his gun, muttering,”Stupid dog, I’ll just kill you instead.”There in a second, Louis leapt at the man’s head, furious; no one was allowed to kill Nick.After a few failed attempts to get Louis off his face, the man slipped and fell to the floor with a crack, the fight leaving him in an instant.All he’s knows is that his fur was all red and dirty when he was done, yet he was still furious, so he went back in again, this time at the arms and general rest of the body; the face was mangled already.This went on for quite some time, until Louis couldn’t see past the red dripping from his fur, his back arched and on the tip of his paws, ears flat against his head,  so he shook as much of it as he could off, shrinking into as sitting position, although he was still pretty pissed off, and turned to Nick, who was for some reason just standing there, watching him with something strange in his eyes. Louis could’ve used some help!Coming right up into his space, Louis stuck out his tongue, but Nick just padded past him, going out into the hallway and barking at a door. When that yielded no response, Nick moved on to the next door, and the next, but it seemed that no one was home.Just as he was coming back, Nick heard the elevator ding, and he was on the doors in a second, woofing up a frenzy. Out comes Gemma, Harry’s neighbor, and she kindly says,”Nick, how did you manage to get out? I thought Harry was out of town?” Nick went behind her and nudged her down the hallway to where Louis sat, covered in blood and looking adorably confused, next to an also covered in blood man, who was unconscious.Friends have come to save the day! Gemma dropped to the floor, muttering,”Lou, what did you do?” grabbing her phone, dialing before putting it to her ear, saying,”A man just tried to break into my neighbors’ apartment, but my neighbor isn’t home. His name is Harry. No, he’s unconscious, I think my neighbors’ cat mauled him. Yes, he left town for a bit I think. 37th floor. Okay, thank you so much.”Putting down the phone, she looks over and sees Louis flipping his tail in annoyance, watching Nick, occasionally poking him with his paw. Louis’ still so fucking mad, because Nick just fucking stood there, and he’s really important, he can’t get hurt. He can’t.Suddenly, people are racing into the room, gathering around the man, and Louis howls as loudly as he can until they turn to him, some of them flinching back when they see his fur, then he sits and stares every one of them down; they better take that man to jail, because he tried to kill Nick. That’s not okay.The rest is a blur for Louis, simply because they had to sedate Nick when they tried to clean and check Louis, and he wasn’t happy about that, then they had to sedate Louis when he saw Nick fall asleep and thought that they killed him.When he came too, he was curled up in a very warm place, very very very warm. And growly. And white, it’s actually quite blinding, but there’s a person over in the corner, who’s also dressed in white, watching him and looks scared, but it’s still all growly. He almost wanted to go back to sleep, except, Nick. Where is Nick. He jumps up, spinning a circle, and comes face to face with the one and only. He’s laying down, glaring at the person in the corner, but he flicks a glance at Louis, and there’s something there that Louis resents (it looks like love), so he just crawls under Nicks paws and ignores