the salt from Viktor’s wounds.

Viktor likes to be called cute things. Little animals. My little fish, my little mouse, my little bunny. Yuuri likes to compare him to the sun, the stars, anything gold and gleaming and warm. Zolotse. My gold.

Viktor likes this one the most, because it reminds him of Yuuri’s eyes.

His lips part, his eyes still glazed. They move again, trailing from Yuuri’s face down to the arm reaching out towards him. Yuuri watches with bated breath as Viktor turns his head slowly, leaning his face into the palm still cupped against it. Yuuri’s fingers scratch towards his hair gently, and Viktor closes his eyes.

“Yuuri.”

So soft.

So sad.

Yuuri’s breath leaves him in a rush as he moves forward, and his hands are in Viktor’s beautiful silver hair now, the strands soft between his fingers, and Viktor shivers. Yuuri thinks he hears a small whimper.

He can smell the tears before they fall. They smell like soil before the rain comes. His lips move to catch raindrops on his tongue, but he isn’t fast enough, and they come down harder, slipping away from him. Viktor starts to shake.

“Pozhaluysta, ne plach.”

But it’s a whispered plea that Viktor doesn’t seem to hear. But that doesn’t bother Yuuri. He knows that there’s nothing he can do to make the tears stop. The only thing he can do is be here to catch them.

He pulls Viktor closer to him, praying that he’ll cooperate. Sometimes he doesn’t want to. But Viktor is pliant, and Yuuri takes him deep into his arms, burying his face into his hair. He smells like chamomile blossoming in the sun.

Viktor’s arms wrap around him tight, clutching at him desperately. His chest has started heaving. Yuuri takes slow and deep breaths as Viktor’s hitch wildly. Yuuri’s caught underneath a single cloud, and Viktor’s tears soak through to his bones. He feels them slick and sliding down his chest. Viktor’s face is pressed there so closely that Yuuri’s heart seems to quiver with every shaking gasp. Yuuri closes his eyes. His breathing comes slower, and with time, Viktor’s falls in sync. 

They breathe this cycle until they breathe as one, and when Viktor begins to calm, Yuuri allows himself to finally speak.

He won’t ask him what’s wrong. He won’t ask if there’s anything he can do. The answers to either of those questions are lost among the clouds, among the stars, and Yuuri has no need for them. Small and distant stars don’t mean a thing. Not when Yuuri has the sun.

“I had a dream about Makkachin. He was flying. Wouldn’t that be funny? If Makkachin flew, we wouldn’t have to walk him.”

Viktor says nothing, but Yuuri continues.

“Well, uh, I guess we’d have to fly him, then? I’m sorry, I didn’t really think this through.”

Still nothing. Yuuri continues to ramble. There’s really nothing for him to say. But he knows that Viktor wants to hear his voice.

“Vicchan was there, too. I wish you could have met him, you would have loved him. I always secretly hoped that you would.”

There’s a shift in the silence. It’s almost imperceptible, but Yuuri can sense it. Viktor is listening. Intently. Yuuri takes a steady breath.

“U-um, I’m sorry, myshka, that was really a downer, wasn’t it? I can think of something better, I promise.”

He feels Viktor’s fingers twitch, and his body inches closer.

“I can’t remember much else. Just bits and pieces. Oh, I think I remember us being in Barcelona again. Wouldn’t that be nice? We should take another trip there when we can. We can,” he pauses, blushing hard,” we can, um, visit the cathedral. The, uh, what is it, again? Catedral de... de la-”

“Catedral de la Santa Creu i Santa Eulàlia,” Viktor rattles off in perfect Catalan. His voice is muffled into Yuuri’s collarbone, and Yuuri tries not to shiver at the sensation.

“Yes,” he says gently, smiling down at him. Viktor has a gift for languages. It’s one of the many talents Viktor has that Yuuri is in awe of. He kisses the top of his head, and Viktor makes a small sound as he curls up into him.

“Tell me more,” he says very quietly.

And Yuuri does. They lay like this for quite a while, Yuuri whispering softly, words that mean nothing and everything. He’d lose his voice a thousand times just to see Viktor smile. Just to hear him laugh. To hear him sing.

Viktor likes to sing sometimes.