s Will Powers, I’m one of Global’s in-house actors, very nice to meet you.”

Simon was quite obviously thunderstruck when he first laid eyes on the Cowardly Lion.

Wow, he’s speechless. Aura forced down a snicker.

Powers, meanwhile, shrank even further. “I know, I’m not much to look at out of the mask. Sorry about that…”

“No please, I did not mean to imply…!” Simon bowed hastily, reaching for Powers’ outstretched hand and shaking it simultaneously with both of his. “I am honored to be in your presence, Powers-dono. You were my hero when I was but sixteen years of age.”

“Aw shucks… I’m only acting out whatever’s in the script they give me. You’re a real hero, what with going to jail for that girl…” Powers added his other hand to the handshake and bowed even more deeply, as if channeling that silly rubber mask in spite of himself.


Huh. I suppose he’s talked to Cody enough to catch some of the kid’s madness.


“I merely did what I had to do, no more, no less. Few would regard me as heroic, least of all myself. If anyone kept the appellation of ‘samurai’ from being tainted when I fell from grace, it was you.”

It went on and on and on for a few minutes, and while the whole display was equal parts amusing and gratifying, Aura felt she had to clear her throat after a while, interrupting the two men in their umpteenth round of you are so much better than me.

“Guys… I hate to put an end to the festivities, but we do have appointments to get to.”

“Oh, of course, I don’t mean to keep you…” Powers took a step back and reached into the messenger bag slung over his shoulder, pulling out a glossy oversized postcard featuring an image of the Steel Samurai character and a marker. “But before you go, let me give you one of these.”

The actor leaned over the table and scribbled on one corner of the card. “To… Simon Blackquill… keep on… fighting for… honor and glory. Your friend… Will… Powers.”

He finished his signature with a flourish and turned back toward Simon. “Here. I hope I didn’t overdo it…”

“Not at all. Thank you very much.” Simon reverently took the autograph from WP, and bowed deeply once more. “I’m afraid I must take my leave. I hope circumstances will allow us to meet again soon.”

“Yeah, that would be nice. Have a pleasant afternoon.”

Now, Simon finally turned toward the already open door, and followed Aura and Cody back out into the afternoon sun. He was quiet as they proceeded back toward the gate, his attention occupied by the glossy photograph in his hands, a disbelieving little smile on his features.

He only seemed to awaken from his blissful trance when they approached the guard house, as he gestured for Aura to come closer and handed her the autograph and his car keys.

“If you could go ahead and wait in the car for me… I parked half a block away, to the left when you exit the studio grounds. I believe it is upon me to pass on the graciousness I was shown today.”

Aura smirked at him and let the key ring jingle on her finger. “Sure thing. Have fun.”

She looked back toward the gate once she had unlocked the passenger door of her brother’s car, spotting Simon in a conversation with an awestruck Cody. After another moment or two, Simon smiled, squeezed the young guard’s shoulder, and turned to leave, with Cody shouting something after him Aura could not make out.

When he joined her in the car and started the engine, she asked, “What did you say to him?”

“I told him that he should endeavor finding his own way of living bushido, if he wishes to do me and those before us proud,” her brother responded dryly as he pulled away from the curb. “He cannot embody the code merely by adopting the manners of another – and while Mother’s way of speaking may have rubbed off on me in a peculiar manner, I find it mildly disconcerting to hear anyone other than myself attempting to phrase things like she used to.”

Aura grinned and pulled out her phone. “I’ll let you know if your little heart-to-heart sticks. Well, time to go shop for some cars. I know you’re in a good mood right now, but try not to show it too much when we get there. The first address is…”

***

Simon and Aura spent about four hours out and about, visiting five different car sellers. Aura managed to narrow down her choices considerably by getting an up-close look at the vehicles she had been considering. Some had obviously been in undisclosed accidents, others had apparently been driven hard if the odometer read accurately (she suspected that it did not). However, three