, handing a small, neatly wrapped gift box. Louis has unwrapped it carefully, and pulled out what looked like a small picture frame. In it, was a picture of a pirate ship that looked like a drawing.

"A picture of a ship?" Louis asked. "All you got me was a picture of a ship? I mean, I know I said I didn't want anything fancy but—"

"It's not just a ship, babe. Look closer, right over here." Harry had pointed to the side of the ship that was visible and the little name that christened the boat. "The S.S. Louis.. Okay, now I'm really confused, are you buying me a real ship?"

Just then, Harry rolled up his right sleeve and where there used to be just bare arm was a tattoo of the ship from the picture frame.

"You see, I was just going to get your name tattooed on me, but I thought it was a bit too cheesy so I decided to do something better," Harry said. "A ship symbolizes life. It may travel through rough storms, but it always reaches its destination safely."

“Unless it’s the Titanic!” Niall said, killing his self with laughter afterwards until Zayn gave him a smack.

“Besides Niall’s stupid jokes, I named the boat after you because you’re my ship. No matter what struggles I go through, you’re always there, and I know you’re the one who’s always going to get me through them. I love you, boobear, forever and always.”

Liam smiled as the two kissed, and squeezed Zayn’s hand tighter, so happy that his best mates had found happiness with each other. And Niall… Well, that box of cookies was keeping him pretty happy for the moment, but he was sure his gift would send him through the roof.

“Alright Niall, time to open your gift from me and Zayn,” Liam said.

They handed him a yellow envelope with his name written in calligraphy on the front. When he opened it, he pulled out a little red card that had the Nando’s logo on it.

“It’s a gift card, mate,” said Zayn, “A thousand dollars’ worth of chicken, chicken, and more chicken.”

Niall just stared at the card in silence, holding it as if he was holding the newborn baby Jesus. He looked at the two boys and smiled brightly before jumping on them both and swarming them in a hug.

“You boys are the greatest, the greatest in the world, you don’t understand how much I love you guys, you guys really are amazing, lord bless you all”

“Niall, you’re going to kill us!” Liam screamed while laughing. That boy really did love him some Nando’s.

When he finally calmed down, and let go of the two before lying on the floor and “spooning” the gift card as best he could, Harry said, “Zayn, why don’t you give Liam your present.”

Instantly, the room went silent and all eyes were on Liam. Everyone else was still chattering while the other gifts were given, why was his so important?

He looked over at Zayn, who looked quite nervous and scared for some reason.

“Guys… What the hell is going on? I mean, I get you wanna know what my gift is, but you guys are all silent and stuff and I just don’t—”

“Liam, shutup and let Zayn speak!” Louis said. Liam really didn’t get what was going on now, but clearly it was big.

When he turned back to look at Zayn, he gave him a small square box.

“Now before you open it, I wanna say something,” Zayn started, “You remember on our very first tour, we used to always sing the end of More Than This to one another?”

“Yeah, but that was long before I realized—”

“Liam, shutup!” the three boys shouted in unison. “Zaynie my boy, continue!” Louis said.

“Well… That was when I realized that I loved you. When I realized that no one else could hold you or lay you down, because I would die inside. From the start, you gave me a chance, you got to understand me for all my flaws and faults, and it never made you leave me or give up on me. You’re the one who was always right there beside me, and I love you forever for that.”

Liam smiled at him with a tear swelling in his eye, and he started to remove the wrapping paper, revealing a small black velvet box. When he looked back at Zayn, he saw him bent in front of him on one knee.

“Liam James Payne, I don’t ask you for much, but I do ask you for something now. Will you do me the honour of marrying me?”

Liam opened the box and saw the small, gold ring sitting inside of the box