for long journeys. Harry received Guppy II on his eleventh birthday.

“Excuse me, Harry?” Suit guys asks and, oh, yeah – interview. Harry stares cluelessly at the guy, who looks like he’s trying not to show how annoyed he is. He’s not doing a very good job. “I said, did you have any doubts or fears for your trip?”

Harry clears his throat before he speaks, clear as possible to make sure Zayn picks it all up and he doesn’t have to repeat himself. “Well, there were moments where I was like, what the hell am I doing out here? But I never wanted to stop. It was a dream and I wanted to achieve it.” He speaks slowly, catching eyes with his dad who smiles at him from across the room.

“What made you want to do it?” Suit guy asks, staring intently at Harry to show fake interest, “how did this all become possible for you? I mean, 13 is a young age to make these decisions.”

“It’s not like I hadn’t done anything similar before – my dad and I used to sail long distances together and he taught me everything I could ever need. After he had his knee operation and got told he couldn’t sail again, I knew I wanted to carry it on, but not just for his sake. It became my own dream that I pursued. My dad stood by me all along – he showed the authorities that I was capable of this. As long as I kept up on my school work – which I did, before anyone asks – I was allowed to go. My dad’s been my support line the whole time.”

The guy behind the camera, Zayn, smiles at Harry then, a genuine one full of admiration. It warms Harry inside to show that there are people who actually think what he’s achieved is cool, people that actually find his story captivating. The interviewer carries on rambling to the camera and Harry nods his head at Zayn before excusing himself from the pair. He begins to make his way over to his father through the room, but he can’t get far without people noticing him and trying to start conversation. They crowd around him and he’s a bit overwhelmed, considering how calm it’s been all evening. There’s too many people, too many faces smiling down at him and surrounding him. Too many hands reaching out to touch him, patting him on the back and shaking his hand. He’s lost sight of his father now and he begins to panic, anxiety rushing over him like a storm on the rocks.

But then there’s a hand on his back, firm and steady that guides him through the herd of people with a firm voice that he barely registers until he’s at the exit of the club house, outside where the seagulls fly and the boats float steady on the water. Harry gathers his bearings back up and takes a deep breath, letting himself be sat down on a concrete step as he catches his breath.

“You alright there, mate?” His saviour finally asks him, voice slow with concern. There’s a hand on his back, rubbing up and down gently to soothe him as his heart rate returns to normal. It’s breezy outside. Harry can’t seem to tear his gaze from the floor, eyes fixed on the moss and stones beneath his feet in favour of looking up. He’s not sure whether it’s because he’s still in panic mode or he’s just embarrassed.  “I hope you don’t mind me bringing you out here, you looked like you needed it. Don’t worry; I don’t think anyone really noticed. I mean, I get claustrophobia me’ self. Horrid thing, comes outta nowhere most times. I guessed that’s what you were panicking over, right? Not to mention you nearly knocked me’ tray over when you kinda, uh, started grabbing onto’ anyone and anything and ye’ latched onto’ me.”

Harry finally glances up then to his saviour, taking in the crisp white shirt and black apron around his waist. He’s an older guy, Harry can tell that, with broad shoulders and faint stubble on his chin. He only notices because they guy’s so close to him, genuine concern in his expression as his hand remains on his back. Harry’s extremely aware of this.

There’s a tuft of blond hair that Harry notices, sweeping up above his saviour’s head in a quiff. Dark roots peak out from beneath, in desperate need of a re-dye. He’s still trying to get his heart rate back to normal when he makes the mistake of looking at the boy’s face.

The last time Harry saw anything as blue was off the coast of Darwin, Australia. It was just after his dad had been to visit him and they’d spent most evenings on the beach, catching up on the months apart from each