was gone Cas turned on Dean.

"Dean, you can't just resort to violence to resolve problems. Especially encouraging our daughter to do that."

Dean threw up his hands, "Well then what? The little dick is not gonna stop by just using words."

"There is a better way at handling it than how Zeppelin did."

"Cas, she's always going to get bullied because of us. The only way it's gonna stop is if she steps up!"

Cas frowned, "That's not the only way Dean. There are more reasonable ways!"

Zeppelin came in, "Daddy, Papa? Are you guys fighting over what I did? Please don't fight..."

Cas smiled at her, "We're not fighting baby. Just having a... Disagreement."

Dean nods, "Zepp. You know what you did was wrong right?"

Zeppelin looked down, "I was just defending you guys..."

Cas knelt down by her, "We understand and we appreciate that but before you go hitting people maybe try other ways to get him to stop first, like telling a teacher. Violence is never the answer."

Zeppelin looked from Cas to Dean to see what he thought, who just shrugged. Zeppelin huffed and nodded.

"Good. How about we get pizza for dinner?" Dean and Zeppelin nodded and Cas poofed away.

Zeppelin looked to Dean, "Daddy, I was just trying to get him to stop making fun of you and papa..." She looked down.

Dean smiled softly, "We know sweetheart but you shouldn't resort to violence only if he doesn't knock it off after you've tried getting help okay?"

Zeppelin nodded and smiled a little more. Cas poofed back in and placed the pizza on the table, the small family digging in.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

The next day Dean got another call at work, he groaned.

"Dean Winchester."


'Hi Dean, Zeppelin got in another fight. I would like to speak with you and Castiel please.'


Dean nodded but realized she couldn't see that, "I'll be there soon. Cas is busy at work as of right now so he will be absent."

He hung up the phone and went to the school.

When he stepped into the school, her teacher and principle were waiting for him.

"Is she getting suspended?"

They shook their head and turned to the principles office where Zeppelin and two other boys and their parents were waiting. The children each had a fair share of bruises, Zeppelin less then the two boys though.

"What happened?!" Dean knelt down by his daughter and looked her over, just a couple of scrapes and bruises.

The teacher and principle took a seat.

"Zeppelin, would you like to explain to your father what happened?"

Zeppelin played with her hands, looking down, "Well, they came up to me and started saying how wrong it was for guys to date and how it was gross and stuff. When I tried to ask them to leave me alone they wouldn't... I got angry because they started talking about papa... How he was girly and a sissy and how it's wrong to have two dads so I hit them."

Dean nodded, "How did you get bruises baby?"

"They hit me too. We only hit each other a couple times before Mrs. Sherbert came."

Dean nodded and looked back to the principle, "Well you can't blame Zeppelin. She didn't do anything wrong-"

"She initiated the fighting-"

"She was only defending her parents, they went too far. If anything, the boys should be getting in trouble."

One of the boys parents spoke up, "Not our kids fault for knowing that being gay is wrong."

Dean glared, "So that's where your kid gets it, from his dick bag of a father."

The principle spoke up, "Mr. Winchester, please do not swear."

"At least we're not sinning. My kid was only saying what is right, being with a guy is a sin. You and your sissy husband are sinning and made a devil child."

Dean got pissed, he was done with this asshole talking about his husband and kid like this. He stood up and grabbed the man, slamming him against the wall, "Want to sat that again buddy?"

"Mr. Winchester! Put him down right now! I will not condone violence in my office!"

Dean dropped the guy and took a step back, turning back to the principle.

"Is Zeppelin in any kind of trouble? I would like to take my child and leave."

The principle looked between the parents then nodded, "No, she isn't. But she should try to learn to not resort to violence." She turned to the other parents, "The boys will be suspended for a week."

The one parent who said crap was about to say something but shut up at his wife's glare.

Dean grabbed Zeppelin's hand and walked out of the office.

"Mr. Winchester!" Dean turned around to see the other