to pull down his pants, he sat up again, which made Midorima, again, worry that he did something wrong.
But before the shooting guard could ask if he did something wrong Kise spoke.
"Wait Midorimacchi. We should better go to my bedroom for the next.. steps..", Kise said and feeling excitement thinking about the things that would happen once they stepped into the blond's room.
"Y..yes", was Midorima's only respond as he, to hide his slowly building lust and his own excitement - as well as his nervousness-, pushed up his glasses.
Kise stood up, with shaking legs, and grabbed both of Midorima's hands to pull him up and made the greenette follow right behind him.


'How many times have I dreamed about this? Leading you to my bedroom to make love with you, to kiss you and get to get hold by you the whole night.. Just how many? I stopped counting..'


When they got into the model's bedroom, Kise turned around to face Midorima, but instead he crushed into the taller one and would have nearly stumbled back, if the greenette hadn't put his arms around the other to stop that from happening.
"Are you okay?", the taller asked facing down to Kise who looked up at the other.


'Kiss me'


"Yes, I'm okay"


'Please.. Just kiss me..'


"Thank you Midorimacchi"


'I beg you'


The only light source they had was the moonlight falling through the window into the room and the lights coming from the living room they had just been in.
Kise thought that it was a quiet romantic setting, before he realised how close they actually were standing.
He could feel the shooting guard's hot breath against his lips, but before Kise would could close the distance he quickly took a step back, stopping himself from doing so.

Kise took Midorima's hands again and walked backwards until he felt the bed hit his legs. Kise let himself fall, pulling the greenette on top of him with his hands placed on both sides of the model's head.


'This is were you belong..'


"And now..?", Midorima asked looking down, seeing the blond's half lidded eyes. Kise let his hands wander over the long arms of the shooting guard.
"What do I do?", green eyes followed the movements of the small forward's hands.
A smile came on the blond's lips and he gave out a half hearted snicker.
"Do what you think would feel good, but if we want to continue to the 'serious' part we should get undressed", he answered Midorima's question.
"Alright"

Midorima sat up and took place between the blond's spread legs. He then let his arms room once again over the model's muscular chest up to his collar and they stopped. From there Midorima showed, finally, the soft fabric of the blond's shoulders and arms.
The greenette sneaked a hand under the now naked - and also of course muscular- back of Kise and pulled him closer to his chest, lifting him up from the covers. Midorima took the shirt and threw it away, letting it fall on the ground and then laid slowly and carefully the older male back on the bed.
Kise wanted to pull the taller's shirt off as well, but the greenette was too far away. The blond wanted to sit up again to do it, but stopped because the shooting guard was already on it.

Now both of their shirts were off and Kise could take, after a bit more than a year, a look at the muscular torso again, which was much like his own, more muscular than it was back then in Teiko.
The moon from the site of the bed and the soft light coming from the living room behind Midorima made the greenette look incredible good, giving him a shine like the humans used to draw around holy personalities.
Kise closed his mouth, which had opened nearly automatically with the sight of the shooting guard's body. Right after that, the tall body was hoovering over him once again and Kise decided for himself that he liked seeing it like this.
Slender hands were starting to go south again, stopping right at the small forward's pants.
The greenette looked up, asking with just a look in his eyes for permission to take them off.
Kise nodded slowly, trying to control himself from speeding things up.


'I want this to last a long as possible..'


A sound of clothes falling to the ground snapped him out of his thoughts and Kise saw that two of them were there just in their boxer shorts, both semi-hard.
Midorima shifted, their foreheads touched and their lower parts brushed against each other once again, causing both of them to let out a moan.
The greenette repeated that action, bringing them both to moan and gasp for air, before he lowered his head, panting, so it came face to face with the blond miracle's throat, never stopping his hips from moving against the shorter male.
Instead of kisses Midorima tried, as Kise