swore and sprinted after him. 

The Slytherin common room

!


 


Draco ran and ran but as he turned the corner the boy was gone. Maybe he was just faster than draco had expected? He couldn’t stop now, he kept running and running because whatever Potter was up to, couldn’t be good.


 


Harry had slipped under his invisibilty cloak and praised himself for his cleverness that morning that he had brought it along. He was standing outside of the entrance to the Slytherin common room, he knew where it had been since he had been there once in second year.


 


All Harry had to do now was wait for someone to open for him. He didn’t have to wait for long as a Slytherin girl left the room to go to breakfast and Harry slipped inside.


 


It was green. Very green. Greener than he had remembered but just as horrible. How could someone live here? 


 


Harry looked around, checking one more time that he was still covered by the Cloak before he slipped further inside enemy territory. It was empty of people, no sounds, no voices. Everyone was probably already at the Great Hall enjoying their breakfast. 


 


He stepped into a room, a dormitory, his next task was the most difficult one: find the diary. 


 


The dormitory looked almost identical to his own apart from the colours and the light. There was something that made the room feel haunted. Apart from the fact that it’s in the dungeons. Harry snorted.


 


Well, well, where could it be?


 


Draco reached the entrance to the Slytherin common room, spoke the password and went inside. He looked around but it seemed empty and sighed in relief. He was just being paranoid that was it, but he had to be sure. Draco went into his dorm where nothing seemed out of place but his gut. His instincts told him that something was wrong and it made him suspicious.


 


He made his way to the portrait with the man and the boa constrictor. Draco closed his eyes as he grabbed the sides of the frame and prayed that his diary was still inside. When he pulled one of his hands inside his secret hidingplace he swore under his breath.


 


Gone.


 


Oh he was going to 

kill

 Potter!


 


Draco let go of the frame, picked up his pillow and threw it across the room in frustration. Potter was probably back in the Gryffindor Tower by now, already laughing about Draco’s deepest secrets and thoughts with the Weasel and Mudblood. 


 


But just as Draco was about to give up he heard a sound like a door closing and stood up before he could even reflect it. He strode out of the dorm to find the source of the sound. Someone was inside the bathroom. No scratch that. 

Potter

 was inside the bathroom.



Harry sat in one of the stalls. When he noticed Malfoy was onto him he had panicked, espescially since he knew that Malfoy knew that he had found what he was looking for. And seeing the Slytherin boy’s reaction to the empty hidingplace Harry was even more eager to find out what the git had been plotting or his secrets.


 


Harry tried opening the diary but it wouldn’t let him so he tried a couple of spells the Weasley twins had taught him when they were planning a prank on Ginny.


 


The diary opened and Harry’s eyes doubled in size.


 


”Saint Potter”
, Harry read his name on the parchment and imediately froze. What could the Slytherin boy possibly write about him, and in his own diary no less.


 


Harry kept reading. 


 


I wish he could just stay away from me. As far away as possible. I’ve tried staying away from him, Merlin knows I’ve tried. Find someone with as vibrant eyes as Potter and I’d like to see 
you
 try! I’m telling you it’s not that simple. It’s easy, though, in a way it is. I can alwaays get a rise from him, maybe not the kind I want but still, I know which buttons to push and I push them. He may hate me for it but that’s better than avoiding me, right. Right? Merlin knows why I’m in love with the git. 


 


Well. Harry hadn’t expected 

that

. He still didn’t, he had to read the page a couple of times over before he realised he wasn’t imagining things. Maybe it was just a security thing, like with the Marauder’s Map giving insults to the person trying to open it. Harry nodded to himself, that could be it. But why would Malfoy lef the precaution be 

that

? 


 


Harry had been to busy with the diary that he hadn’t noticed the bathroom door opening or the footsteps. Someone was opening the stalls and Harry thanked Merlin he was still wearing his Cloak.


 


Draco opened another stall, letting his hand slip through the air, maybe Potter had put on a Disillusionment charm on himself and the diary. Finding nothing Draco closed the stall and went on to the next one, dragging his hand through the air once again. This time he could feel something, it was soft almost