red spreading down as far as the upper reaches of his chest. A fine sheen of sweat had begun to bead up on it, as well, dampening the thick strands of hair hiding his brow and darkening the white part into a grayish tone.

He swallowed audibly before speaking up again, his voice a rough whisper.

“Please. Harder.”

Her smile segued into a grin.

“How could I resist such a nice request?”

Letting her lips once more slide down on his cock, she began bobbing her head quickly, adding a hard suck to every upward movement, while her fingers began roughly pumping in and out of him.

Simon’s moans came more and more rapidly, his hips twitching as if he was torn about whether he wanted more of her mouth or the intruding digits, his heart telling her that he was fast approaching a rather spectacular meltdown.

At the last moment, Athena lifted her head away from his length, her fingers still moving inside him while she grasped him hard with the other hand, wanting to observe him coming apart for her.

The sight did not disappoint: His head tilted back as he arched into her fist around his cock, remaining motionless and seemingly unable to breathe for an instant, all muscles tense. Then, he uttered a groan that stuttered slightly with every contraction jolting through his lower body, trapping her fingers into immovability, his cum arcing out of him in forceful spurts, landing on his stomach and chest. His orgasm lasted astoundingly long, Athena thought, and she loved witnessing every moment of it.


I did this to you. And damn if it isn’t the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.


Finally he sank back to the mattress when he was completely spent, his breathing still deep and ragged. Now, she was finally able to withdraw from him, and she put a little peck on his knee before she left her position between his legs, scooting up enough to reach for the tissue box. She started to gently clean him off after wiping her fingers, her other hand carding through his sweat-soaked bangs.

Athena smiled down at him when his eyes opened a sliver.

“I take it you liked that?”

He smirked slightly. “That wasn’t evident?”

Her grin rivaled that of the Cheshire cat of Wonderland fame.

“If I don’t get a clear answer, you aren’t getting any more.”

“God yes!”

There was the slightest hint of alarm in Simon’s voice.

Satisfied at the speed of his answer, she leaned down to kiss him, whispering when she was but a fraction of an inch away from his mouth. “I expect to be repaid for that once you’ve rested a bit.”

He smiled against her lips. “That can be arranged.”

As Athena cuddled up against his side, she thought, After this, I can’t wait to see your reaction when I show you that little toy I picked out last night…

A week later, an unmarked package was waiting for Athena when she returned home from work to freshen up before making her way over to Simon’s apartment.


It’s here!


Over the last three days, she had left him high and dry deliberately while tracking her order, telling him that she was claiming her turn at this point. What followed had been amazing in its own right – he had been heeding her every wish, his tongue exploring her entire body from head to toe more than once, mapping out her most sensitive spots and paying ample attention to them. She had had some spectacular orgasms during this time, and she was delighting in the fact that the little pauses of him looking at her as if to wait for further instructions were becoming more numerous by the day.


From today, it’s your turn again.


When she knocked on his door that night, he promptly raised an eyebrow at her expression. She had never been very good at maintaining a pokerface.

“You look… expectant tonight.”

Athena grinned. “I have a surprise for you.”

Her eyes flicked down towards the bag in her hand, and his gaze promptly followed hers.

“What-”

She lifted a hand to his mouth, cutting off his question.

“You’ll see in a bit… if you go to the bedroom right now and wait for me there. Preferably naked.”

Athena had tilted her head towards the door as she spoke; it closed behind him a moment later.


Curious, huh?


Suppressing a giggle, she walked over to the bathroom to see about putting on the equipment she had brought.

Due to the nature of the harness she had purchased, she found that she had to spend a few minutes to get herself properly worked up in order to put it on, in spite of the beginnings of anticipatory wetness already present.


Your eyes were bigger than your you-know-what, Athena… Should’ve gotten the lube bottle before sending him to his room.


Still, eventually, she managed to insert the built-in dildo, push the external piece she had purchased through the stabilizing ring, and tighten the vinyl belts around her hips.