that's what you liked is all." You gave him a pleading look but he pulled away."That's not... It isn't what I like I just misspoke. Please love I don't want to talk about this now. I love you but I have to go." He looked apologetic and pressed his lips to your forehead. You huffed but gave in and hugged him gently. He smiled at you and you smiled back at him, bidding him goodbye. After you left you showered and redressed, pondering what he said. You knew it wasn't that he'd just misspoke. There was something behind the look on his face as he said it. There was no way you were letting him pretend that didn't happen. He may think he can get away with passing it off but you were smarter than that, and well, kinkier. You smirked as you planned how exactly you were going to get your lover to confess.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          

It had been two weeks since the incident with Loki. You hadn't mentioned it to him at all, letting him believe you had ignored or simply forgotten it. But secretly you had been planning it out in your head. You knew he wouldn't outright tell you, so you would have to guess a bit as to what he wanted, but that was no problem. He'd decided to cook for you tonight, something he didn't often do. He thought it was a waste for a god to do such menial tasks. He changed his mind quickly however, when you told him cooking made him look sexy. You put the finishing touches on your makeup in the bathroom, putting extra effort into it tonight. Your eyes were smokey and winged, giving you an edgy look. You took a breath to calm yourself before heading to the kitchen where he was.     He turned as you walked in and gave you a sly smile as he looked you up and down. You wore a tight black dress that accentuated your curves perfectly, and you swayed your hips as you clicked your heels over to him to give him a soft kiss. He smiled against your lips and ran his fingers down your sides making you shiver. He pulled away then, turning to set the table.     "Why so elegant tonight love? I must say I do enjoy black on you." You grinned at him and the two of you began to eat.     "I just like to dress up for you sometimes. I like to watch you squirm." He chuckled darkly and met your eyes. Clearly it was worth the extra effort getting ready.     By the time dinner was finished he couldn't take his eyes off of you. You loved every second of it, but you forced yourself to remain calm as he licked his lips at you. He was such a tease. The two of you cleaned up together silently, him watching your every move. You made sure to bend over more than necessary when reaching to put something away, just to tease him. When the last dish was put away he grabbed and spun you around, pinning you to the wall. You giggled at his desperation. He was already rock-hard against your leg. Who knew it was so easy to seduce a god? He tried to kiss you but you dove away from him with a laugh and ran into the bedroom wit him chasing behind you. He caught up to you and again spun you, but you planted a firm hand onto his chest. He eyed you curiously, letting you go. You said nothing, just pointed to the bed. He groaned in annoyance at your teasing but complied. sitting lazily on the edge of the bed. You spoke then, your voice low and commanding.     "I'm in charge tonight, you understand?" He raised his eyebrows but nodded.     "Good boy." He blinked. "Now, help me get these shoes off." You raised your right foot to him, placing it on his knee a bit forcefully. He chewed his lip and eyed you confusedly, as if to ask if you were serious. You ground the heel of your shoe a bit deeper into him. He made a strange, squeak-like sound and began to comply with your demand. When he finished one shoe you gave him the other. He paused again, so you again dug the heel into him. His face was growing red as he took off your other shoe. He stared at you then, waiting.      "Good boy. But you should really listen the first time. It's not polite to make me wait." He swallowed but still did not speak. You stood closer to him, between his legs. You slid a hand through his hair and pulled gently, eliciting a moan from him. His eyes widened, but you gave him more directions before he could think.     "Unzip my dress. Slow." He didn't move.     "Did you not hear me? Unzip me." He looked up at you. His bottom lip was sticking out slightly. You pulled his hair more forcefully. He