- " he begins warningly.

"Don't," Nick cuts him off. "I'll be back in a minute, alright? No one'll even notice."

Matt's clearly dying to give him a lecture, but he must see something determined in Nick's face, because he limits himself to, "Be careful, at least, will you?"

Nick gives him a nod, and then he's off, winding his way through the tables to where his memory tells him the loos are located. When he gets close there's a minder who points him in the right direction, down a long corridor. Why the toilets are always so far away at award shows, Nick'll never know. 

It's still probably only been a couple of minutes since Harry's first text when Nick comes to a stop outside the door to the men's, heart thumping away and half-hard in his trousers as he thinks about what he's about to do. Still, he thinks, it's Harry Styles; Nick'd do a lot worse than this to make him happy.

The toilet is mercifully empty when Nick walks in, except for Harry, who's standing by the sinks pretending to fix his hair. He turns immediately.

"There you are, Nick, fuck. What took you so long?"

He grabs Nick's hand and pulls him into the large disabled cubicle, locking the door behind them. Then he pushes Nick back against the door and goes to work on Nick's flies.

Nick's still trying to catch his breath. "Hey, steady on there, popstar," he says. "Don't I even get a kiss hello?"

Harry pushes Nick's pants and trousers down to his thighs and gives Nick a look. "If you wanted kissing you should have gotten here faster," he says, "I've got an award to win in a minute and Lou'll never stop taking the piss if I'm late back."

Then he drops to his knees and takes Nick's cock in his mouth.

Nick's head bangs back into the stall door with a thunk, and distantly he registers that it probably hurts. But only distantly: most of his brain is occupied with the hot, sweet warmth that is Harry's mouth.

No matter how often they do this, the sight of Harry on his knees for him still takes Nick's breath away. Harry really, really loves sucking cock, is the thing, and he gives his whole self over to it, slurping around Nick's cock like it's the best thing he's tasted all night. He's got one hand stuffed into his own trousers, too, jacking himself to the rhythm of his mouth on Nick.

Harry quickly gets Nick properly wet, and though Nick doesn't talk much during sex - Harry always jokes it's the one time he doesn't have anything to say - Harry’s a loud one, his moans and the obscene sloppy noises echoing around the bathroom. Nick fervently hopes no one's come in whilst they've been at it. There's no mistaking what they're doing in here.

Mercifully, Harry's not pulling his punches, using every trick he's learned over the years to get Nick close as fast as possible. The hand he's not using on himself is roaming, cupping Nick's balls one minute, then sneaking round the back to rub one spit-damp finger over Nick's hole. 

It doesn't take more than a couple of minutes before Nick feels his orgasm starting to build. He lets himself enjoy Harry's mouth for a moment longer, then taps him on the shoulder - he knows better than to touch Harry's quiff. "'M close, love."

"Mm-mph," Harry says, mouth still on the head of Nick's cock. His hand comes back round to hold the base and he starts jacking what he can't fit in his mouth, firm hard strokes that'll get Nick there quickly.

"Haz, seriously." Nick squeezes Harry's shoulder. "Come on. Off."

Harry finally pulls off, but his hand stills on Nick's cock as well. "I said, I want it," he says. "Come on, Nick, do it, I want to taste you." He ducks back down and takes Nick into his mouth again.

"Oh, Christ, love." It's not that Harry never swallows - he does, sometimes, when he's in the mood - but the thought of Harry sucking Nick off and swallowing his come and then going back out there to accept an award on live television, innocently thanking the fans with his lips still hot and swollen - 

Nick's brain whites out and he's coming, pulsing hot and wet into Harry's mouth, hips jerking forwards and making Harry choke a little bit before he gets himself back under control, swallowing frantically.