he wasn't fully accustomed to yet, wrap himself into a light yukata and then sneak to the baths with Genji. Most of the castle was quiet so late and with the men out, only guards patrolling the premises, and Hanzo and Genji had a long time ago learned to sneak around without being noticed, simply for their own amusement. 

The bath was predictably empty when they arrived. Hanzo set the hot water running while Genji set their soaps and wash-cloths in their wooden buckets by the showers and pulled out stools for them. Then they sat down to wash themselves, like any other evening. 

Hanzo washed away the dried up sweat and soaped his shoulder-length hair, then focused on scrubbing off blood stains that had somehow gotten under his sleeves and on his arms. The coppery brown stains were hard to clean even with soap, and something seemed to linger behind even when the skin was clean. 

Despite having short hair and being already eleven, Genji still asked Hanzo to wash his hair for him, and the older provided out of habit. They took turns washing each other's backs, and took their time with it. Hanzo scrubbed the hairs on the back of Genji's neck and rubbed his back with soap in circles all over, stopping briefly to tickle his armpits and sides and grinned to himself when the younger giggled and squirmed on his stool. Then he rinsed the boy by filling out a bucket and pouring it all on Genji's head, the way they had liked it since they were little. 

Then they switched, and Genji washed Hanzo's back, careful and thorough, and rinsed his long hair for him, combing his nimble fingers through his brothers coarse locks. 

When they were clean, they climbed in the bath together, Hanzo leaned his back on the side and sank under the water all the way to his chin, and Genji settled down next to him, supporting himself against Hanzo. 

“I killed a man today,” Hanzo said.

“Eeeh! Finally!” Genji said, perking up. “With what? How? What did he do? What did Father say?”

Hanzo chuckled, feeling a bit cheeky under his younger brother's admiration. “With my wakizashi. Just like we've practised! There was a fight – don't worry about that, we won –  and he went down straight away!”

“Woaah,” Genji sighed and grinned up at him. “So cool!”

“And,” Hanzo continued, “Father said it's time for tattoos! I'm getting a dragon on my left arm soon.”

“So cool!” Genji repeated and dramatically dropped down in the water as if fainting from admiration and envy. “I want a dragon tattoo too! A green one, on my back. Do you think I'll be getting one soon?”

“I'm sure of it,” Hanzo assured him, and Genji splashed the water in delight. Hanzo lifted his left hand out of the water and inspected it closely. “The scent of blood sticks on your skin, though...” he said, half to himself.

“Yeah?” Genji asked, not really interested but took the notion as an invitation to lean closer. He took a hold of Hanzo's bicep with one hand and of wrist with the other and pulled himself on top of his brother's thighs. “It looks clean, though.”

“Yeah,” Hanzo agreed and sank a bit deeper in the tub, pulling Genji with him. He couldn't resist the urge to poke him to the side when he was so close, and Genji jerked, splashed the water and laughed.
At eleven Genji was just starting to grow, he was skinny and his limbs too long, and even with all of his training his muscles were barely keeping up with the change. He was willowy and springy and moved fast and nimble, already faster on his feet than his big brother, and yet still he never skipped an opportunity to crawl in his lap like a toddler. 

Genji was poking Hanzo's chest, fingering his collarbone and carefully skiting further down. “You're changing,” he noted.

“I won't be a boy much longer,” Hanzo said, “I'll be a man. And so will you, in a few years.”

“With tattoos,” Genji added with glee, “and my own katana.” 

*

Genji was frowning and rubbing at the scars crisscrossing across his mouth. “Oh, yeah, that was the first time you killed, now that you mentioned it,” he said. “I had forgotten that part.”

“It was... background noise, I suppose,” Hanzo said. He had mentioned his first kill only in passing to empathize how hard the fight had been and how the day had dragged on, and now was the first time either one of them really thought about that. “I... What does that matter? I... I was trying to point out we were too old to take baths together like that.”

“Yeah, yeah, I get that,” Genji said and waved the subject aside for now. Hanzo stared