of wood being broken by teeth and the thought of splinters burying deep in flesh, “Uhm, so this is like your true form?” He asked, noticing for the first time the tiny flame hovering over the demon’s head.


 


Pidge shrugged again, “Not really, I just found this body rather convenient for things like movement, for example. Although, it’s pretty hard to keep it up: it makes me 

really

 hungry.” She pointed down at the assortment of sticks lying on her lap.


 


“I must say that…” Shiro trailed off, unsure of how to phrase his thoughts, “So demons can be short-sighted too?” He ended up saying.


 


The fire over Pidge’s head chirped furiously all of a sudden, the girl sending daggers at the man. “Yes, we can.” She seethed, biting harder on the wood.


 


“Can’t you use magic to… fix it?” Keith asked warily.


 


“Do you know how exhausting constantly changing the focal distance of your eye can be?” She spat at him, “Oh, no, you don’t. So glasses would have to do”


 


“

Magical

 glasses.” Keith pointed out with a smirk.


 


Hunk appeared just then. “So hey, an extra pair of hands would be awesome guys.” He motioned towards the kitchen with his head.


 


Shiro and Keith gladly stood up to leave the fuming demon on her own. 








It was way past midnight when the front door opened. Everyone was already asleep in their bedrooms and the only one hearing the hinges was Pidge, who was back in the hearth to rest. The sound of wood cracking under heavy footfalls and the door flung closed were enough to stir the demon, “Took you longer than usual,” She yawned, glancing at the entrance where a large blue creature emerged from the darkness.


 


There was a guttural sound, a low, feline growl, and the footfalls became lighter. Lance stretched his arms over his head, his neck rolling over his shoulders with leisure, “Those druids are a pain in the ass.” He ambled towards the fireplace and dropped on the couch with a groan, his head resting on the back. 


 


Pidge scrutinized the torn clothes of the boy, dust and ashes sticking to his suit. Staring at the black stains on his cheeks, she sighed, “You can’t go on like this for much longer, Lance. You know what’s going to happen.”


 


Lance’s head lifted up to look at the fire and he snickered, “What’s this? A demon worried about a human?” He hummed, amused at his friend.


 


Pidge rolled her eyes. “Yes, I’m worried about Hunk.” She grinned, and Lance’s smirk faltered at the mention of the name. Her own curled up lips pressed into a line a moment later, “He will never forgive you, you know?”


 


The brunet curled his fists tightly, staring blatantly at the fire. “Yeah…” He sighed, running his fingers through his hair. He stood up, not willing to have a serious talk right now, and headed for the stairs. 


 


Pidge sighed, knowing the guy was running away from the confrontation, “Should I prepare a bath?”


 


Lance waved a hand climbing the steps. “Nah, I’m too tired even for my beauty bath. Tomorrow. Night, Pidgey.”


 


The fire demon closed her eyes again, “Goodnight, Lance.”


whichlights: Told you I was gonna use it :

Grizzly tales for gruesome children:  I HATED THAT SHOW

yumeko-nee(.)tumblr(.)com  come and say hi!

Thank you for reading as always

Bonding over hair, I guess. Also, I like my Keith adorkable.


          (See the end of the chapter for  notes.)
          


Keith had to admit it; he had never slept so well in his 22 years of existence.


 


When he woke up next morning tangled in the fine silk sheets of the bed (he always rolled a lot in his sleep), every fiber of his muscles were relaxed and content. He patted the white bedclothes to prop himself up, eyes squinting at the window from which light streamed through thanks to the curtains he had forgotten to close. Looking around the unfamiliar room, the victorian tapestries of the walls and chairs, the translucent fabric hanging from the posts of the canopy bed, he couldn’t help but wonder the same thing as the night before: why the exuberant luxury in 

every

 damn thing. 


 


Then again, it 

was

 Lance’s castle.


 


Heaving a sigh, he plopped back down onto the bed. He lifted his hands to contemplate the purple shade of his fingers which had extended over the night. They were completely purple by now. He curled them and they felt normal, the color tinting his skin the only unusual thing. 


 


“Ridiculous,” He muttered with a frown.


 


 After he changed into the spare set of clothes he had brought with him, he looked down at the wrinkled and dirty clothes in his hands. He and Shiro needed to find new ones if they were going to stay in this place for long, which they very well