so nervous," he purred. "Close your eyes and pretend I'm the one touching you, if that helps to relax you."

"What would help me relax is if you left the room."

"I've seen you undressed before," Glorfindel said.

"Have you? Really?" asked Erestor sarcastically.

Glorfindel gave Erestor a sideways sort of look before taking a cushion from the couch with him close to where Erestor sat. Placing the cushion on the floor a few feet in front of his lover, Glorfindel sat upon it and opened the book, flipping through it rapidly. "Ah, this one's fairly well bared," he opined, and he turned the book around so that the image of an elleth with her dress pushed down about her waist was facing Erestor. "How's this one?"

Looking away as he blushed again, Erestor said, "I know what you're trying to do."

"Oh?"

"You're trying to make me feel bad, make me feel ashamed. Well, I already do, so you can just stop now." Erestor appeared to be on the verge of tears, and Glorfindel closed the book.

"I don't want you to feel bad, not at all, darling. Heavens, that's the last thing I ever want to do to you." Glorfindel set the book aside and leaned back on his palms. "Erestor, look at me. Ress… Ress, darling..." Glorfindel waited until he had the other elf's attention and then said, "Ress, do you know how... relieved I am right now?"

"Relieved?" Erestor finally relaxed a little. "How is it you are relieved?"

Picking up the book again, Glorfindel said, "I have an entire collection of pornographic materials. Granted, some of it is poetry you wrote, but I'm the one reading them. I'm the one sneaking into the back room at night when I don't want to wake you and reading it and- Ress, I apologize if you thought I was trying to hurt you in any way. I would never do that." He opened the book and slowly paged through it. "Dare I ask who drew these?"

"I did," answered Erestor softly.

"Really?" Glorfindel looked quite impressed and began to study at the images with more interest. "I can't say the subject matter is to my liking, but the drawings are very well done. Perhaps I might commission a book of my own some day," he grinned, opening to the elleth he had shown earlier. "Now, honestly, I think watching you please yourself would be simply divine, if you would do me the honor."

"What of your patrol?" questioned Erestor.

Glorfindel shrugged. "I'll do it tomorrow." He turned the book 'round again. "Or is there another one you prefer."

Erestor stared at the picture of the young bare breasted elleth, contemplating it. "There is another," he finally said, and reached out to take the book from Glorfindel's hands. He then turned and placed it inside of the desk before looking back.

Glorfindel looked confused. "Another book?" he asked.

"No," replied Erestor.

"Then you should probably choose one of the pictures from that book," said Glorfindel.

Looking down upon the blonde seated on the floor, Erestor said, "I've made my choice. Go back to the couch," he instructed, and as Glorfindel stood up, still unsure of what was going on, he added, "and please, remove your clothing."

Smirking over his shoulder, Glorfindel stopped right where he was and slowly stripped off each and every layer, from his light cloak and belt down to his undergarments, which now were in a pile to the side of him. He'd done everything with his back to Erestor, hoping to boost his husband's confidence a bit, and he decided he had when he looked over his shoulder once again to see Erestor stroking himself and panting heavily. "Anything else you'd like for me to do?"

"Oh… too many things for me to think of at once…" admitted Erestor in a voice that sounded faraway. "Open a window… while I think…"

Glorfindel complied, letting a gentle breeze into the room. Papers rustled, and some scrolls on the desk rolled shut, but they were all forgotten by the pair in the room. "And now?"

"I… I'm not sure. Why don't you… you could…" Erestor pointed at the cushion, forgotten on the floor, with his toe. "The couch. Go to the couch, and…"

"And what?" asked Glorfindel, taking the cushion from the ground.

"And…" Erestor looked up with pleading eyes, hand still firmly wrapped around his erection. "And…"

Glorfindel merely nodded, taking the cushion with him. He turned the couch a bit and then sat down before lifting one leg up over the arm of the sofa. He leaned back a little, and with the