nervously behind the luxurious red curtain on the Opera House’s dark stage. Beyond the wall of fabric she could hear the sounds of the audience settling in and getting ready for the show. While the audience was anxious to watch the show, she was anxious to perform.

                The sound of soft footsteps alerted her to the approach of Alya, who was already dressed in her costume for the opera. Marinette turned to her friend. “Hey, Alya…” she murmured softly.

                “Hi, Marinette. Are you nervous?” Alya made idle chat as she turned Marinette around to help her with the corset backing of her dress. Marinette couldn’t answer as the strings tightened around her chest and crushed the air out of her.

                Marinette sighed; partially out of stress, and partially to stretch out her constricting dress – how did Chloe constantly sing in these things? After a moment, she finally answered Alya. “You’re aware of the Vicomte’s expected attendance tonight, right?” She asked quietly.

                “Yeah, of course. It’s to be expected that the new patron and co-owner would want to see the first opera performance. Is that why you’re nervous?”

                Marinette scuffed her thin ballet shoes on the floor, eying them anxiously. “Well – it’s just – I used to be good friends with Adrien Agreste.” She blurted out. “Well, more like childhood sweethearts, you could say. I’m just so scared he won’t remember me.”

                Alya was quiet for a moment, brow furrowed in thought. After a moment, her face lit up. “Think of it this way-“ she began, placing her hands on her friend’s shoulders comfortingly. “I’m sure he remembers you, but even if he doesn’t, you can always make an amazing second first impression on him by blowing away that solo in the third act!”

                Marinette’s lips curled into a small smile. “Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.”

                Just then, the muffled voice of the conductor sounded through the curtains, and the audience beyond grew silent. Madame Ce’saire’s thick accent cut through the air, as she barked orders to the company.

                “Places, everyone! The curtain goes up in less than two minutes!”

                “Thanks, Alya.” Marinette whispered as she edged towards the curtain. “Break a leg.” She said, grinning.

                Alya opened her mouth to reply, but Madame Ce’saire spotted her, and, rushing towards her like a bloodhound on a scent, pushed her off to the side with the other dancers.

Marinette could still hear her shout off “Good luck!” as the curtain rose, revealing the candlelit auditorium.

 

 

::

 

               

                This is it, Marinette thought, as sweat trickled down the back of her neck; an hour and a half in a stifling costume taking its toll on her. This is the big solo. She glanced up towards Box Five, where Adrien was sitting, currently deep in a hushed conversation with his father. Briefly, anger flared in Marinette’s thoughts, but she stamped it out and continued to stride forward, her chin raised stubbornly.

                She’d made it through III acts of this play, and despite her exhaustion, she was going to belt out this solo as best as she could. At last, Marinette reached her designated spot on the floor, the X barely visible now under the scuff marks left by the dancer’s ballet in act II. Marinette could feel the audience’s stares pinned on her as she waited for the music to start.

                God! It’s taking so long! Shouldn’t the music have started by now?! The mere seconds she’d spent on stage thus far felt like hours dragging by; and the audience staring at her gigantic dress didn’t help. Finally, after what was only three seconds, the gentle notes of the graceful violins floated through the air, instantly relaxing her.

                After her two measures worth of rest, Marinette filled her lungs with air, and began to sing:

               


“Think of me, think of me fondly,



When we’ve said goodbye



Remember me, once in a while



Please, promise me you’ll try”



 


                The audience, which had been on the edge of their seats in anticipation to hear this mysterious new leading lady, now all gasped in wonder; murmurs of appreciation winding through the crowd.

 


“When you find that once again you long,



To take your heart back and be free



If you ever find a moment



Spare a thought for me”



 


                Marinette smiled, taking in the crowd as she took another deep breath before she continued into the next verse.

               


“We never said ‘our love was evergreen’



Or ‘as unchanging as the seas’



But if you can still remember,



Stop and think of me



 



Think of all the things



We’ve shared and seen



Don’t think about the



Things which might have been”



 


                Marinette spared another glance towards Box Five when she paused again for breath; finding Adrien Agreste and his father both enraptured in her performance, leaning over the edge of