on the mare’s barrel. He left them there for a moment, before shaking his head with a soft laugh.



     “Breathe out, baby. No puffing up on me,” He murmured to the Andalusian, prodding her ribs with two fingers to get the big mare to release the breath she was holding. She sighed, releasing the air and allowing her rider to cinch the girth and buckle the chestpiece with no more reaction than a small snort.



Dean disappeared back into the tack room, returning a few moments later with a classy english bridle fitted with a soft snaffle bit. Chevy was very responsive - Dean having trained her from when she was a tiny filly - and almost didn’t need a bit, so her doting rider always used the gentlest bit he could get his hands on. Chevy stood still while he slipped her halter off and placed the snaffle behind her teeth, buckling the throatlatch loosely behind her cheek and the noseband securely around her muzzle.



     “Alright sweetheart. Let’s bring in the herd before Bobby comes over to get on my ass about it,” He swung into the saddle and clucked to his horse, urging the steadfast mare into an easy trot.



Chevy moved differently when under different saddles. She kept her head high and movements more elegant under an english saddle, long and low under a western, and her smoothest rocking-horse motion when bareback. Picking her feet up, Chevy leapt into a working canter, chewing on her bit contentedly as they twisted back and forth, the small herd of angus cows and calves plodding dutifully back to the barn at the big mare’s skillful urging. I took not quite five minutes to get the herd in.



Once all twenty-three head of cattle were shut safely in the barn, Dean turned Chevy out towards the open field, urging the mare into a hunter’s canter, strong knees and high head and steady.



Approaching the first jump - a flat fence board suspended between two oil barrels - Dean gave Chevy her head, allowing the mare to pick her spot and just moving with her. The next jump was an old tipped-over tree trunk. Dean had to take back control for this one, closing his hands on the reins to hold Chevy in a tight-wound canter before letting her soar over it. Upon landing, Chevy swapped her lead and turned right in a wide sweeping turn. Something moved in the edge of Dean’s vision, but he paid it no heed, setting his powerful mare up for the set of four bounces. With measured care, Chevy took each one in a smooth bound, then taking one long stride before sailing easily over the bigger oxer.



Turning Chevy in a circle to wind her down, Dean praised his mare, stroking her neck happily.



The thing in the corner of Dean’s eye moved again, this time drawing his attention. Slowing Chevy down to a working trot, he turned toward it, finding himself quite puzzled.



The entire posse that Dean could swear had 

just

 gone inside the guest house sat at the edge of the trees, applauding quietly.



     “I thought you guys went in for the night,” Dean commented as he approached, asking Chevy for a halt with his seat and a gentle pull on the snaffle.



Charlie nodded her assent.



     “We were, but then Sam noticed you ride out of the barn with your mare in an English saddle. He said that we should come watch,” She said mildly, nodding at something over Dean’s shoulder.



The older Winchester turned in his saddle, spotting Sam cantering across the field toward them, his mare decked out in her English attire, complete with chestplate and martingale.



     “Sammy! Why’d you call them out here? You know I don’t like jumping in front of an audience,” Dean chastised his little brother as Sam pulled his blood-bay Mustang, Ruby, to a halt next to Chevy.



Sam rolled his eyes.



     “You’re just weird. You EQ is fantastic. There’s no need for stage fright. Ruby could use an English workout anyway,” The taller man shrugged, patting his mare’s shoulder as she chewed happily on her Pelham bit.



Ruby was tougher in the mouth than Chevy, and thus needed a stronger bit. Sam had rescued her from a kill-pen, the mare having been too stubborn for typical training techniques to work. Sam had brought her home and spent nine months getting her used to human contact, handling, and - finally - tack. Once she was reassured in humans and used to being ridden either in tack or bareback, she became one of the most hardworking horses the boys had ever owned.



Dean huffed.



     “Alright. One round for you and then one round doubling. Then we go in, kay?” Even though he phrased it as a request, the older Winchester was sporting 

The Face

, and left no room for argument.



Sam nodded, looking pleased, before wheeling Ruby about and turning her towards the board-fence that Dean had jumped first. 



The tall mustang tossed her head and tried to get the bit between her teeth as Sam held